Greg C. Garland: Thanks, Clayton. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for being with us today. We ended 2013 with a solid quarter. We operated well. It allowed us to capitalize on favorable crude differentials while exporting record volumes of refined products. Our adjusted earnings for the quarter were $800 million and our cash flow from operations excluding working capital was $1.3 billion. In the fourth quarter we hit a new record, exporting nearly 200,000 barrels a day. Our total export capacity is just over 400,000 barrels per day, up from 285,000 barrels at the end of 2012. Our full year 2013 adjusted earnings were $3.6 billion, which is down from 2012’s adjusted earnings of $5.3 billion. 2013 was a volatile year in our Refining business. Adjusted earnings for this segment decreased $2 billion compared to 2012. However, in line with our strategy the Midstream, the Chemicals, Marketing businesses, all recorded higher earnings year-over-year. Operating excellence continues to be a strong focus for us. We believe that we protect and enhance shareholder value by being a leader in personnel safety, process safety, environmental excellence and reliability. During 2013 Phillips 66 DCP Midstream and CPChem were again among the very best in their respective industries. We believe that our assets are uniquely positioned to benefit from the American energy revolution, and we have a strong portfolio of reinvestment opportunities across our businesses. If you look at 2014 capital budget for Phillips 66, we’ve announced $2.7 billion and we believe this reflects the opportunities that we have, including our share of expected cap spending by DCP, CPChem and WRB, the 2014 capital program is expected to be $4.6 billion. Of this $4.6 billion about 70% is directed towards Midstream and Chemicals opportunities. These businesses drive growth and enterprise value appreciation to infrastructure investment and capturing NGL value uplift. Our projects such as the U.S. Gulf Coast Petrochemical complex and the Sweeny NGL fractionator and the LPG export facility are expected to be large contributors of EBITDA, giving us to grow and make more stable and higher-valued segments. In the next five years we expect Midstream and Chemicals to represent about two-thirds of our company's enterprise value. Final investment decisions for both the NGL frac and the LPG export facility are expected during the first quarter of this year. We’ll start up with the fractionator in mid-2015 and the LPG export facility will follow about a year later. Our Refining business is attractively situated to capture value from rising U.S. and Canadian crude production. We do expect that average margins over the next five years will be better than the last five years. We’ll continue to run well, optimize, improve returns and limit growth capital in Refining. Cash growth from Refining will be directed towards the higher-valued segments and towards meeting our obligations to the owners of our company. We understand the importance of being a good allocator of capital and we see value in returning capital to our shareholders. During 2013 we distributed over 50% of operating cash flows in the form of share repurchases and dividends. We continue our commitment to a secure, competitive and growing dividend and we’ve nearly doubled our initial dividend. Our Board has authorized $5 billion of share repurchases. In addition, in December we announced the exchange of Phillips Specialty Products shares for Phillips 66 shares currently held by Berkshire Hathaway. This represents approximately 18 million Phillips 66 shares at current prices. And you add that to the 44 million shares outstanding that we’ve repurchased since the spin, was effectively taking in about 10% of the company. In addition, we’ve strengthened the balance sheet, we’ve paid down $2 billion of debt and that takes our debt-to-cap to about 22%. So we like the opportunities we have before us. We believe we have a portfolio of projects, people and capabilities to play our part in developing the American energy landscape. We’re excited about the plans and the challenges that lie ahead of us in 2014 and beyond and we look forward to seeing you and telling you more about this at our Analyst Meeting in April. And with that, I'm going to hand the call over to Greg Maxwell to take you through the quarter results.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, so I’ll start and then Tim can follow through. It’s kind of an asset that we were really actively marketing or really wanted to sell and we’d have it on-again, off-again conversations with Lubrizol, which is one of the Berkshire Hathaway companies about the asset and frankly our exploration levels were high, given that it is a very specialty type business. It had returns exceeding 30% and it certainly fit well in a portfolio from that perspective. We got the talking with Berkshire Hathaway about a proposed transaction and we found a way that we could achieve high value for the asset and at the same time do it very efficiently for both ourselves and Berkshire Hathaway. It really became a must-do deal for us in terms of creating shareholder value for PSX. And so, yes, Tim if you want to go through some of the detail that’s fine.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, Evan, in Bayway we’re roughly looking at 50,000 a day on unit trains of additional capacity with that. Obviously scheduling the flexibility can impact that. Relatively modest capital amounts tens of millions that never really come out to final number. Ferndale, they’re similar, probably more in the order of 30,000 a day. Bayway would be operational first half of this year we would expect Ferndale to be operational in the second half of the year and both of those will supplement our efforts to other third-party logistics to increase the flow of light crudes into Ferndale and Bayway.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, the Cross-Channel Connector goes from our Pasadena terminal on the east side of Houston across their Ship Channel. It allows more logistics connections to other pipelines and terminal assets. So overall it’s got nice volume opportunity on that line. It’s really a short-haul line and I think a lot of the value accrues really from a MLP perspective on that piece, but just as importantly it creates some more commercial opportunities for us, particularly with our Sweeny volumes.
Greg C. Garland: Yes. It’s primarily Gulf Coast. I think we’ve just been more successful than what we thought in terms of scheduling efficiencies and minor debottlenecking, in terms of pushing more products through. I think in December where we were kind of 250 rate. So I think we’ll continue to push the limits. We’re looking for cheap ways that we can use to get more barrels across there. Certainly we’ve stated our ultimate target is about 500 a day, but almost all that increase is going to be on the Gulf Coast. Minor debottlenecks on the West Coast and then we have underutilized capacity today on the East Coast.
Greg C. Garland: That’s a project still on schedule, on budget, so looking for it in the latter part of first half of this year. So we feel very good about that project and margins are really in line with the guidance we’ve giving in the past, so that 15% to 20% return on a roughly $250 million investment. So it’s a nice increment of growth for the Chemicals business and a fairly high growth, high demand product.
Greg C. Garland: Well, Ed, we’ve put in service now two MR tankers on the crude side. We move Eagle Ford primarily into Louisiana from Texas, but we’ve also taken frankly LLS up to East Coast last quarter as well. So we use that flexibility where it delivers the most value. Overall pipeline has started up and that’s a major connection to the Gulf – to the west side of the Gulf. And that’s a very positive development in terms of new crude sources. So I think more barges are in service, more options are developing and I think you are going to continue to see a wider selection of domestic crudes available to run in our Louisiana refineries and we’re really taking advantage of that particularly at Alliance and in Lake Charles.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, we’re kind of 65-35 light, medium, heavy. We kind of like that configuration given the crudes we see coming at us. We’re always looking for debottleneck opportunities, I mean the Eagle Ford is an interesting crude. We do see limits on processing Eagle Ford, but we’re talking about spending $5 million, $10 million increments to remove those limits to process more Eagle Ford even at light refining like Alliance, for example, but we’ll run about 325 a day or so on the Gulf Coast of light sweet and at this time we don’t envision significant capital investments to change that slate, Ed.
Greg C. Garland: So, yes, at Whitegate we’re kind of in the middle of a process and probably shouldn’t comment too much on that. There is interest in the facility, but you have to context that interest with this dip in Atlantic Basin refinery I would say. And then in Melaka, I think we said that it’s a non-strategic asset and there is a process underway around that, but it’s a process that’s really defined by the formation agreements of the joint venture and so we’re working that. And I think that you should expect that this year, in 2014, we’ll get to decision points on both Whitegate and Melaka.
Greg C. Garland: So I think we can kind of go through that at a macro-level. We just start with the West Coast, first of all its pricing was lower. So the hurt was less because the relative spread between the crude price and the secondary products was lower. Fuel prices were looking better and NGL prices were little higher and so that’s the primary driver on that. And then when you get move to Central Corridor, it’s around – well I think coke was a little better and then of course higher NGL prices drove that also.
Greg C. Garland: I don’t think so. You know Ponca ran really well and it increased the amount of its domestically produced crudes around Oklahoma and Ponca City. I don’t think there was anything unusual, pretty clean quarter actually. It was not only in Central Corridor but most regions.
Greg C. Garland: I was just going to say when you look at the refining results the unusual items that I would think about were a negative impact that had happened in the Atlantic because of the downtime at Bayway and impact at Humber. Those would be the two things I would point to that were kind of unusual for the quarter.
Greg C. Garland: Okay. The definition really it’s not definition, it’s just the fact that these particularly the Gulf Coast crudes and ANS have consistently traded in the fourth quarter at a significant discount to Brent. And I think that’s a part of our crude slate and we have always said that we expected those crude to discount and when they did they would turn to advantage. That said, we continue to work on logistic solutions, particularly to the East and the West Coast and to the Gulf Coast and we’re very active in finding ways to substitute one advantage crude for another, particularly with options that we see in the Permian and Mid-Con for crudes that deliver more value to our refining operation. So it’s a very active area for us, both in terms of light, medium and heavy crudes and the logistics and the operating optimization as we go through.
Greg C. Garland: I think that’s probably right. I think that in the past we had not included LLS or HLS or ANS to that matter in advantaged crude because it was trading at Brent or better. And what we’re saying is now given that products are priced off a brand and we think that will continue that if the crudes are pricing at consistently at a discount of Brent, we should consider those consider or consider those advantaged. Now, I don’t think it says that we’re any less aggressive about substituting higher discounted crudes. But your point is correct and that the market is the primary reason why we are considering LLS or HLS or ANS advantage at this point.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, well, thanks. I think first of all, I think I came out in May of 2012 and said, we wouldn’t be opposed to lifting the ban on crude exports. We do encourage a thoughtful and broad conversation around energy policy in our country and I think you got to look at that holistically. It’s not just crude exports, but it’s also infrastructure and actually pipelines that could be marine and I think you just can’t pick one of them and pull it out separately. So we don’t oppose to seeing the crude ban. I think you’ve got to look at RFS, you’ve got to look at infrastructure, whereas pipeline – can we improve the pipeline or not in this country, all the way to marine infrastructure limitations that we have in this country. So in generally we are free traders, but we’d like to see a free market also.
Greg C. Garland: And then of course you got the additional transportation assets that we would expect to come on this year. The rail unloading facility at Bayway we think happens in the first half, with Ferndale probably second half of this year. There is some additional things that we are doing in transportation. We haven’t been public on yet, probably we want to talk about those in April, but the transportation assets or transportation business line within the Midstream segment will probably contribute EBITDA faster than the NGL business line, NGL investments are going to take a little bit longer to payoff.
Greg C. Garland: I think in general we would say, first quarter will be directionally positive for us. Ethane continues to – trying to follow natural gas and trade that at – like parity with natural gas. And then you’re always going to have what I would say is instantaneous impact of the cold weather and limited infrastructure that is going to make things very volatile going forward.
Greg C. Garland: It’s really a function of how things are moving in and then again that limited – somewhat limited pipeline space bringing Canadian crudes into the U.S. that at least we can trade around that asset.
Greg G. Maxwell: Sure, so I think we said many times that we think that the West Coast is a challenged operating environment, it’s a high cost area to operate – our assets are good assets, we are on a path to Texas, I would say, as you think about net income positive single-digit return business and how do we get crude advantage to the West Coast. So I think you can ask me in April, we’ll probably tell you more about what we are doing to get advantaged crudes in the California, it’s a combination of investments and third-party as we work that. And then, I think we said openly that all options to California I think are on the table, in terms of those assets whether it could be a spin or IPO, variable MLP, a joint venture. As you look at the West Coast, we think those are valuable assets ultimately because we have 110,000 barrels a day of coking capacity there. And so those assets in the future will probably work more than what people think they were today is my view. And I mean that the California market is a big market as everyone knows. We have a continuing interest there, but as we think through the assets or pass the day is to make it better and more profitable. When those assets are well, we don’t see any big capital investments in front of us on the West Coast and so the hold option really cost us nothing.
Greg G. Maxwell: So, it’s hard for us. We got the permits on the frac. We’re working the permits on the export facility. It will take a little longer in terms of that. I think in terms of the guidance we’ve been giving on CapEx. We’re still in that range and EBITDA still in that $400 million to $500 million range. We're going to take it. Well, you should expect FID this quarter and we have said that. I think the other thing is we’re doing engineering work on the next frac. We're doing, what I would say is preliminary engineering analysis around the condensate splitter and so you should expect us to start moving those projects forward. We just look at the infrastructure that we have in place at Sweeny and Creek and the geographic location of those assets and they’re just ideally situated for us to capitalize on that.
Greg G. Maxwell: Well, on the secondary products, if I am following you, what we included in the appendix for the Central Corridor for example, the secondary products where a negative impact on a realized margin by $6.27 barrel.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yeah, third quarter was $6.35, 2013 right and I would say coke is going to represent two-thirds of that loss in those gains, close $5.54.
Greg G. Maxwell: One of the biggest impacts you can think across is really at Bayway and the turnaround at Bayway if you think about unusual items across the system.
Greg G. Maxwell: And then I will kick it over to Tim, but you know as we mentioned earlier part in some of our earlier comments, part of the driver was the plant maintenance on the Keystone pipeline coming down out of on the Canada side and I don’t know is there any…
Greg G. Maxwell: Well certainly as you know our own Midstream business, I would say we’re in engineering investment heavy phase of that. And we see the EBITDA contributions of those investments starting in 2015 and 2016 and this is a very difficult organic build activity. The DCP Midstream has had quite an active capital program over the years, last couple of years and going forward we still see $46 billion of ongoing capital opportunity in front of DCP. And so I think we’ve got several pipelines coming on, certainly we got Sands Hills, Southern Hills they are in process and they are ramping up and over the next I say two years maybe three years, we’ll get those products, our pipeline is fully ramped. Of course you have the front range in Texas Express Pipeline this year that will come in. And so we started the Goliad Plant and so we’ve got a host of gathering and processing facilities that will be coming on in 2014 and again these will be helped to fill the pipes that are already constructed and underway. So I think we feel pretty good about the growth profile in terms of NGLs for DCP. We look at that expect something in the order of 4%, 5%, 6% a year growth in terms of that business, in terms of our expectations of that business. I think we will be able to meet that.
