Greg Garland: Okay. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us. Second quarter earnings were solid, reflecting that we ran well and our Chemical segment had record earnings. However market factors negatively impacted results in our Refining and Midstream businesses. And corporate costs were higher mainly due to increased environmental accruals as well as tax impacts. Refining, we ran near record utilization rates for the quarter. However, our realized margins were lower than last quarter, largely due to weaker distillate margins along with pure commercial opportunities. Our Midstream business was negatively impacted by lower propane prices and less demand driven by seasonal factors. We think our disciplined approach to capital allocation is appropriate, given the volatility in our financial results. We are expanding our shareholder distributions while investing in the business with a focus on growing our higher valued segments. We’ll continue to increase shareholder distributions. Our board approved an additional $2 billion of share repurchases. And during the quarter, we paid an increased dividend of $0.50 per share, which is up 28% from the previous quarter. At the end of the second quarter, if you look at dividend, share repurchases and share exchange, from the last quarter we’ve returned nearly $7 billion to investors. At quarter end, our share-count was less than 560 million shares, down 11% since formation. We improved a $1.2 billion increase to our 2014 capital budget, bringing it to $3.9 billion in total. This increased spending were primarily fund the previously acquisitions of crude oil and refined products turned on the U.S. Gulf Coast and specialties lubricants company. In addition, the capital will be directed towards Midstream growth projects such as the Sweeny Frac and Freeport LPG Export facilities. You can see the progress we’re making on the frac in the picture on the slide. Our focus continues on Midstream organic growth, while we all would like to have more certainty around condensate exports. We continue while we wait options for condensate infrastructure and additional fractionation capacity. Our MLP Phillips 66 partners’ provides low cost of capital for additional investing. PSXP had a good quarter realizing the full impact of its first acquisition. EBITDA during the second quarter was twice the amount generated at the time of the IPO. We continue to look for opportunities within Phillips 66 externally and organically to grow PSXP and contribute to our Midstream growth strategy. Our joint ventures continue to grow. In June, CPChem successfully started up the world’s largest on-purpose 1-Hexene plant at Cedar Bayou facility in Baytown, Texas. Also, during the quarter CPChem improved expansion of its Normal Alpha Olefins production capacity at Cedar Bayou by 220 million pounds per year. At DCP Midstream, work continues on the Zia II plant which is located in the Permian Basin, anticipated startup first half of 2015. And DCP partners’ is constructing in return two plants in the DJ Basin and also expects operations begin in mid-2015. We’re executing our plans, we’re continuing with our commitments we laid out two years ago. We have a strong balance sheet, $5 billion of cash and a debt to capital ratio with the low end of our targeted range. We have confidence that we have the resources and the opportunities to deliver on our plans to grow our higher valued businesses, while rewarding the owners of our companies with secure and growing distributions. So, with that I’m going to hand it over to Greg Maxwell to review the quarterly results.
Greg Garland: Yes, so, I don’t think that we’re looking at any chemicals investments on the West Coast. As we think about the West Coast, fundamentally we want to run well and optimize and that’s around getting advantage crude to the front of the refineries. We don’t have any big investments in front of us on the West Coast. Obviously, quarter-over-quarter, West Coast was better, second quarter than first quarter. We think it remains a challenged environment but given the position we have and the cost structure of our refineries and where they sit relative to the peers, I think we’re in a pretty good position on the West Coast.
Greg Garland: Well, I think at our Analyst Day, we kind of weighed out ‘14, ‘15 and ‘16 and we weighed out $12 billion of growth opportunities essentially seven of it to PSX level. And most of that was directed as Midstream. I think we see many opportunities in Midstream and we will be opportunistic. I think a recent announcement of the acquisition of the Gulf Coast crude oil and products terminal is an example of that. So, when we see an opportunity we’ll certainly, we’ll move on that. And then specifically around the MLP, we view that is a tool in the toolbox that we could use to execute our Midstream growth program and/or accelerate the growth at Midstream with that MLP. And certainly I think you’ll see us do that.
Greg Garland: So, to answer the last one first, I think we just guided to low-90s to mid-90s in utilization on the third quarter call. I don’t think it’s a function of running more lights sweet crude necessarily. We did do at alliance turnaround some work that allowed us to run more Eagle Ford at Alliance but it really didn’t necessarily increase overall throughput at alliance. It was just avoiding some of the issues we had when we ran the Eagle Ford. So, you’re actually right. There were refineries that ran above 100% utilization. And the way we manage that internally, once we demonstrate our higher utilization rate for a period of time, we’re going – we’ll increase that effective capacity of that refinery in our numbers. But we need to be able to demonstrate that. But look across the system, the refineries ran well in the quarter. We expected that coming out of the turnarounds in the first quarter and generally you’ll see that performance coming out of turnarounds. But generally they ran well. And I think you’re always going to have some ups and some downs and in and outs and we did during the quarter. We had some issues, we had small fire at buildings and so we saw some reduced capacity and throughput at our billings facilities. But in generally I’ll tell you across the system, solid operations.
Greg Garland: It’s not the light sweet crude that’s allowing us to run it over 100%, I guess that’s what we’re saying.
Greg Garland: Ed, roughly I would say they’re in the comparables and the specialty lubricants area of what you kind of see – I think as we said, they’re fully valued. And then, I think as we’ve looked just we can turn we just see great opportunities. So that’s a really key acquisition in terms of the pivot points around the Gulf Coast both in refined products and crude oil. And so, we see a lot of forward opportunity given our logistics infrastructure as well as our refining LPG and their products distribution in the Gulf Coast. So, I think that we feel that these are going to be very positive developments on both fronts from an earnings perspective and a good value.
Greg Garland: Yes, I think – Jeff, I think that that was a broad statement in terms of how we think about cash. And cash could be funds from operations, it could be cash from the balance sheet, it could be raised through debt, it could be dropping assets in the MLP. And I think we’ve consistently said that we would use all of those vehicles for cash generation if we’re lower sources of cash to fund our forward program. So it’s a pretty aggressive program in terms of organic growth, it’s also rewarding our shareholders with secure growing distributions that’s growing the dividends. We talk about minimal 10% type double-digit dividend increases plus continuing our share repurchases as long as it’s our share price trades below our view of intrinsic value. So that’s kind of what we look at is we’re thinking about that.
Greg Garland: Yes, so I would just say that Borger hasn’t run well this year. And so we’re working on improving operational reliability at Borger really to me are expectations. But the July event, by the way Borger is back up and running today. But July then was unplanned outage.
Greg Garland: I don’t know, I think we’ve consistently said we have better opportunities to invest in our Midstream and our Chemicals business Paul.
Greg Garland: Okay. Well, first of all, on the first suggestion, great suggestion. We’ll do that in terms of the GP cash. On CPC, we’re working that, that’s a little more difficult. But we recognized that is a deficiency in terms of people seeing that through EBITDA that’s embedded down at the joint ventures within the joint venture.
Greg Garland: So, I think again, that was almost $3.50 a barrel something like that. And what we saw, we actually saw coke prices go down and we saw LPG prices or NGL prices go down. So it was just a direct result of higher fleet stocks and lower costs for the products or lower values for the products.
Greg Garland: I would say from what we know now what we see now, we don’t think we’ll have to put equity into the CPChem. They’ll continue to fund their programs and distributing cash back to the owners.
Greg Garland: Yes, I don’t know, we don’t know how long the units are going to be down at this point. And I think anything we would do might just be speculative and so we’re probably not going to go there today. There was a localized buyer and so, I think we can probably give you more guidance in a month or so as we get there. But certainly our view is that that unit, there is no reason that unit would be down for a prolonged period of time, yes.
Greg Garland: I think I mean, we’re continuing to look for ways that we can increase distillate yield. Certainly in this quarter, that maybe would be wrong way to go directionally since gasoline crack was up $7 and distillate was down $3.75. But as you think about where the world is going and we think distillate continues to grow two to three times the gasoline demand globally, we think distillate – increasing distillate make sense. Having said that, we’re not going to spend a lot of money to do that, but we do think we’ve got a 1% to 2% yield capture and distillate that we can affect over the next year or two in terms of operations. And I think we probably wore down in the second quarter on distillate production.
Greg Garland: So, we gave guidance at the Analyst Meeting somewhere around $3.5 billion to $4 billion of capital in 2015 and ‘16. I think those are good numbers to work with right now. We’re just getting, we’re just getting indications from the businesses today as far as what they would like to spend. We still believe that having constrained capital programs make sense, forces the business is really to select the best projects. But I don’t really see us meaningfully increasing the capital spend in ‘15 or ‘16.
Greg Garland: Of course we’ll give you updates on that as we get into the fall. We’ll be talking to our board about what they’re comfortable with as well. But there are a lot of things that we’re looking at today. I mean, we’re really building a nice queue of capital programs in the Midstream business that we’re interested in pursuing. And but, we certainly don’t want to pull back from our share repurchase program.
Greg Garland: No, we’re really still on our target startup date we’re still on budget in terms of our total expected cost. This is really reflects a spending curve coming in faster than we expected. But total labor hours, material costs, all those things are just moving forward from where we were on that piece. And but we have not changed the schedule on that. But the good news is on target, on budget.
Greg Garland: I think actually having the refineries there actually gives us additional flexibility with the storage they have. So it is not impacted the operations. Clearly Cushing needs to replenish, its right at the minimum. But I think have the operations there actually gives us a degree of flexibility of we’re just having a market center source there. Remember again, we take a lot of that crude in Ponca border comes from locally gathered systems as well, particularly in borders. So that really, it’s a nice tie but it’s not an absolute must that we connect the two together to the operation.
Greg Garland: Yes, we think the dock is going to be well utilized and that was part of the attracting for us is another option to either from a products or a crude standpoint to take advantage and capture that. But I think, product side, crude side, you just can see a lot of logistics moves and that’s why we like this particular location asset.
Greg Garland: We’ve continued to optimize that movement based on the relative value of refining. And so, condensate it’s a fuzzy definition. But the light crude utilization still makes a lot of sense. The condensate just spend how that goes, you can actually open up international opportunity with that perhaps on some of the product side. So I think we’ve kind of thought about it that way but I think we still like our utilization on marine vessels in that light even, lighter crude fraction. But just to be how things develop, we have a lot of flexibility around that.
Greg Garland: Almost all polyethylene will use some type of command where they call it and Hexane being the big piece that butane being the smaller piece. So that’s a global market and it deals within CPChem as well as other producers.
Tim Taylor: Yes, I think, Doug, you’re looking at secondary coke prices relatively flat and actually declined a bit this quarter. So you’ve got that dynamic of coke and the pure grade competing essentially with coal. And then the LPG prices came down versus the first quarter, so that was a piece of that. So, but we haven’t really seen that the yield structure other than the value of the light components has really impacted our selection on crude slates.
Tim Taylor: Evan, we’ve continued to see solid demand around the export piece for propane, butane and pentane, that’s all part of that LPG facility. So, we’ve been encouraged in the market, we have said that – we’re looking at 8 BLGC carriers per month as our initial thinking. But currently they were able to go to 12, and I think as the market demand continues to grow and the options develop, I think that’s something that we look forward to expanding. So, as we look down the road that’s a key piece of where we’d like to continue to grow.
Tim Taylor: Yes, I think its two things Paul. Specifically maybe Ponca City as an example, a more consistent crude slate leads to more consistent operations. So we’ve made great strides there. And then we’ve continued to focus on how to improve reliability. And I think that shows up as well. So, it’s really the two-point approach. So, relatively minor I would say capacity creep that really driven off those two things versus, significant investments in terms of distillation capacity or other types of ways to do that.
Tim Taylor: Yes. So Paul, we’re with this last distribution increase. We’re close we’re – so I think reasonable growth in EBITDA in that MLP would put us there. I think that we’re very close to that goal. So we’ve doubled the EBITDA in the MLP with this last acquisition. And that’s hard to push us toward that so as the earnings and distributions grow, we’re getting a much more close to being to the maximum high-split on the IDR.
Tim Taylor: No, I think that’s continuing to be an issue that the infrastructure on the Gulf still is not sufficient to move some of these lighter crudes into Louisiana as much as we’d like to see. I think that’s what you’ve seen little bit with recent LLS move. So that’s still developing that will improve. But yes, I think that we continue to see that disconnect between the Texas and Louisiana side on the light side.
Tim Taylor: Yes, we don’t – I would say today the large proportion of condensate is in the crude piece. And you’ve certainly seen the blended barrel gravity start to come up. The value that we see is with particularly and you look at the mid-Con in Ponca City border being able – on top of the producing fields to go direct help. Similar approach we’re taking in the Eagle Ford expanding that. And so, and buying in the Bakken, where you canvas with segregated distinct batches all help that consistency. And we’ve actually increased that volume and we’ll continue look at ways to do that because we think that adds additional value on the refining side of our business. So, that’s actually a concentrated effort on our commercial side to increase that.
Tim Taylor: Well, first, we do expect condensate production to continue to grow. So I think that has to be dealt with. And then they still need particularly if you’re going to export, you just looked at that to say you got to get the infrastructure where you can segregate you can’t co-mingle. And so that’s still developing and that is the opportunity that Greg was talking about earlier about these opportunity to bring it from the field into the markets that we’re processing. So, I think it’s still early, still developing. I think that’s going to evolve. But I think that some type of distillation probably starts to sit up that play that length in condensate will eventually leave the U.S. in some form or another. Because that’s where the demand is going to be and that’s really what you got to serve. So the key is to figure out which pieces work right now. But if it stays in the crude we’re going to continue to find ways to drive that to the refineries. And there is still probably likely to be a more segregated system that drives it directly.
Tim Taylor: Faisel, I will get the customer but if there are other people in that terminal today and really as we’ve looked at it, we want to really expand that terminal and that base. And so we think about it A, you’ve got shown operations, you’ve got (inaudible) relatively close, you’ve got connections in the Texas. And then these new crude lines, all come into Beaumont area. And the connections you can make there, you’ve got a marine dock with that. So I think that we’ve thought about it that we just see tremendous third party as well as PSX activity that can be tied to that terminal both the crude side as well as the product side. So I think as we go forward, we’ll continue to develop that asset connectivity and drive really volumes and across our systems but also importantly opening that up and having a lot of third party opportunity there as well.
Tim Taylor: I think we should that there is an infrastructure opportunity beyond just a splitter. So we’re still very active in looking at both the design on the splitter as an opportunity as well as infrastructure. And I think it’s really for us, it’s kind of the decision is simple as a complex splitter, what you want to but then how does that fit the refining operations that’s still ongoing. But we still see an opportunity there on the condensate side.
Tim Taylor: Yes, I think that Beaumont gives us additional access point and opportunity as you think about our system. And so that’s part of our thinking as we go forward as to how do we use that more effectively to really look at connections out that terminal to get into Louisiana. So, we’re actively studying marine as well as pipeline options around that.
Tim Taylor: No, I mean, obviously we’re encouraged by valuation in the Midstream from our own perspective. And then we’d agree we see the opportunity. So, I think that’s been – we’ve talked about that, that’s part of our plan to grow. And then, on top of that organic and the acquisitions piece and I think we just put it all together and share great Midstream opportunity. But it does highlight the value of our Midstream assets that were initially embedded so to speak in our transportation reporting system.
Greg Maxwell: And I would say the abundance of light fleet crude it didn’t translate into wider crude differentials in the second quarter and that had – that produced our capture rate as well.
Greg Maxwell: No, I think that we think about executing the plan, we think about our balance sheet and the capabilities of our balance sheet. We think we have $4 billion to $5 billion of capacity on the balance sheet, we could use. We have $5 billion of cash that we could use. And then certainly we have continued asset sales and/or going to the MLP. And so I think we have a robust funding mechanism to move this Midstream transformation board with our company.
Greg Maxwell: So, just generally Paul, we don’t comment a lot on M&A. Assets are pretty fully valued today. And so I think you have to look into that deeper value question about when you see the opportunity to expand around your system and drive the synergies to make that work. So, we’re always looking and we’ve had a couple of opportunities this last quarter. And we were able to do that. So, I think that’s – we’ll continue to look at that as we go forward.
Greg Maxwell: Yes, this is Greg. With regard to the deferred tax, we had some one-off things that hit that. And I don’t have all the details with me right now. And we can call you and give you that additional detail. With regard to the undistributed equity earnings and the cash flows that are coming out of our JVs, we had a bit of an anomaly as I talked about in the first quarter with regard to WRB pan out the dividend from the prepayment of the loan outstanding to Cenovus. So that was a bit of an anomaly of cash flow coming out from that perspective. And then, as we’ve talked about with CPChem and marking on their large project, building the cracker and the two polyethylene units down on the Gulf Coast, we expect them to be fully funded from cash from operating activities. But as a result of that spending, we will end up seeing less distributions coming out of CPChem during this period of time of heavy spending really in 2015-2016.
Greg Maxwell: So, I think we’re looking at a range of opportunities there in terms of just general condensate infrastructure Ed. So, I mean, it could be gathering, it could be pipeline, it could be export facility, it could be topping, it could be full range splitting into the more complex product slate. As you know, at our LPG facility we’re putting 350,000 barrel essentially condensate tanks it that were under construction. So, certainly that’s a piece of the equation that we’re looking at. I think there is some uncertainty around condensates and exports, they may be giving some people some pause around speculative splitters, we’ll see. But regardless of what happens there, there are four things you need to do and three of them are right down the fairway what we’d like to do in our Midstream business.
Greg Maxwell: I don’t think when we look at cash flow generation over the next two or three years, it looks like there is sufficient cash to fund the increase in capital that we’ve built into 2014 and continue a fairly significant reduction in share count through repurchase. So, the increase is predicated on just executing the plan that we’ve got in front of us. I don’t think we have any intention of reducing our share repurchase in order to fund additional CapEx.
Greg Maxwell: I’ll just add, I think second quarter the MR vessels were fully utilized. The question is it’s just an optimization and how do you want to use them, Eagle Ford to Alliance or Eagle Ford to Bayway. And so I think we’ll always run those numbers and do the things that generate the most value on that. I think we’ve said previously we would have an interest in acquiring an additional Jones Act capability. So, we’re always looking around that.
Greg Maxwell: So, this is 550 million pound per year 1-Hexene plant. Still see good demand for that, it uses a kind of a smaller amount of raw material and polyethylene production. And so that’s going to have a ramp-up period. We have talked about the investment being in the order of $200 million or so. And I think that long range return of 15% to 20% on those is kind of the way that I look at that. And it will take a period of time to reach that. But I would say that we’re hitting the market I think at a pretty good time.
