Greg Garland: So, you're correct. The guidance of below $3.3 billion was for 2016. We're still working 2017, Blake, but we've been saying for most of this year that we are on a glide slope to $3 billion maybe slightly under. So, we'll give you some updates in the fall, of where we're going to be in 2017; but I think around $3 billion, pretty good number for 2017.
Greg Garland: Well, I think, I'll let Tim jump in on his view in the industry. I think, most of ours is reflective of turnarounds at this point in time. We run our LPs pretty frequently and we'll make those decisions as we get into the third quarter; but I think my personal view is, we've got a lot of inventory stacked up. I think industry is going to be facing run cuts in the second half of the year.
Greg Garland: Yeah, Paul, there's two pieces of the cracker project. One is the derivatives project, the polyethylene plants at Sweeny and the second is the cracker at Baytown, which is just east of Houston. So, the derivatives plant, those projects are still online, they come online actually before the second half of 2017 to be complete, the cracker is now looking like it's going to complete in the second half of 2017. And that's really the change that we're seeing, primarily related to productivity and the complexity of that project we're seeing several month's delay. So, continue to progress on both of those very well, but the cracker is behind where we're seeing the derivatives project at this point.
Greg Garland: Yeah. We were, and so I think this from an ethylene standpoint, pushes it out in the second half of the year with the derivatives piece will be up earlier.
Greg Garland: I think, they're generally in line, but with the delay we'd expect maybe some increase in cost, but I think certainly well within the scope of what we're thinking, but I would anticipate that it's higher than what we had thought when we hit that mid-2016 or 2017.
Greg Garland: Yeah. The only thing I would add, Paul, just short-term, we think it's going to be pressured here in the back half of the year both crude and NGLs.
Greg Garland: So, let me just clarify a point. It was the frac two we've deferred, not the second cracker, although we can certainly talk about the second cracker and the timing on the second cracker today too.
Greg Garland: So, let me kind of bisect that and talk about them both. I think that we've said, in terms of the capital spend at PSX, we've always been on a glide slope towards $3 billion. There's no question our capital the last two years has been very high as we've tried to advance the Midstream business and get PSXP to scale quickly. So, that was the decision we took really kind of end of 2012, coming into 2013. When we think about share repurchase, we think about intrinsic value, and as long as the shares are trading below intrinsic value, we're going to be in the market buying. So we're in the market every day buying. Some days we buy more than others, that's true. And I'd say, consistent with our guidance that we've been giving in 2016, we're going to be between $1 billion and $2 billion of share repurchases this year.
Greg Garland: We haven't given our outlook on that, but I would say we'll probably be within that same range in terms of share repurchase for 2017.
Greg Garland: Well, I think, I mean, we've always consistently said we'd never build a speculative frac. And I think our view is that NGLs will continue to grow, but they're going to grow slower than what we thought two years ago. And so, I think that decision to push the FID on frac two simply reflects that, Ed.
Greg Garland: Yeah. I think, I mean, that's always something we look at every day in terms of inorganic growth. The other thing I would say is, we think we still have a pretty good backlog of organic projects that we can invest in around our own infrastructure, whether it's more terminals, butane blending, ethanol blending, more pipes. So, I think that just around the portfolio we still have a really good backlog of investable opportunities for the MLP. There's no question, when you think about the long-haul third-party, whether they're crude pipes or NGL pipes or fracs, I think those opportunities are probably diminished versus what we thought two years ago.
Greg Garland: Roger, we're at a run rate EBITDA of about what $400 million at PSXP today, we feel really good by the end of 2018 being a run rate EBITDA of $1.1 billion. We see a clear path to get there and don't see an issue at all in getting there.
Greg Garland: Well, it's several projects in Midstream beyond frac two that we're looking at. I also mentioned the project financing of DAPL/ETCOP. So, that's going to be a very classic type project finance. So, our share of that will be somewhere around $600 million-ish, I would say. Probably most of it will be in 2016, maybe a little bit spilled over in 2017, but if you could just kind of sum all that up and that's really how you get to a $3.3 billion level. And frankly, we're still working the numbers and I suspect it's going to come in below $3.3 billion, when we give you guidance in a couple months.
Greg Garland: So, I would say, we're still in the process on Whitegate, I would tell you we're pleased with the progress to this point. And hopefully, as I said, I think on last quarter, our intention is we get this closed this year.
Greg Garland: Yeah, I think, my comments earlier were around the capital budget and the projects that we have on deck and ensuring that any project we do meets our hurdle rate expectations. In terms of the overall portfolio, of course, we have the process on Whitegate, we just talked about; but I think as we come to the end of the Whitegate process, I don't think there is a lot more in portfolio that we have on deck, certainly for 2016 or thinking about it into 2017. In terms of potential M&A, we look at every day, I would tell you that price is still relatively high to us, relative to the organic opportunities we may have in front of us. But, we would look at that. And if we can find assets for the right value, we're certainly willing to do that. I think the Explorer one was a good example, but that was done at the PSXP level. And in terms of Midstream, you'll see us doing more and more activity at the PSXP level.
Greg Garland: It should all be in NGL. Let me take a, maybe a 30,000-foot view on this question if I can, and then Tim can come in behind me and give you some of the details. So, I know you have a concern around this and we understand that. If I can just go to the 30,000-foot level and just talk about the Sweeny hub in general, we still think that that's a great project and we see value creation opportunity there. If you think about NGL pipes coming out of the Permian and West Texas and the Eagle Ford and going by Sweeny. You think about world-class refining, world-class petrochemicals. We have the largest single site ethylene facility at Sweeny, we're building 1.2 million tons of polyethylene capacity, building the fractionator, we're building the caverns, we're building the interconnecting pipes to Bellevue and on to Freeport and then the 150,000 barrel a day LPG Export facility. So, we still like that concept and what we are creating there. I think short-term what you're seeing in the market, there's going to be stress in the LPG side of it. The frac is running well, it's running to design limits. We're seeing certainly heavier feed than what we premised. And so, we're running about 80 a day at the frac today versus 100%, but it's completely loaded in the backend of the frac. The other thing I would say is, as this project is coming up, we have a lot of project expenses that are hitting us beyond just the frac. So, think about the pipes and the caverns and the commissioning and the start-up of the LPG Export facility. So you should expect to see those costs continue through the end of 2016. But when you talk about the frac itself, we dropped it, all of it, it's at PSXP today. The EBITDA is about $100 million, so $25 million a quarter. There's a little bit of leakage that goes to the non-controlling interest, so then you take that and bring it to the net income level. And that was more than offset by the project expenses we had and the seasonal trading activities that we had in our NGL business. We're not worried about this whole NGL complex that we're building at Sweeny in terms of it coming up. And we're looking forward to getting the LPG Export up later this year, we'll start commissioning activities actually in the next couple weeks as we start thinking about that. So, I just want to say that we still really like this project a lot. And Tim, if you want to fill in anything I missed, you're welcome to do that.
Greg Garland: So, at the end of 2017, you put the Sweeny hub, you've got DAPL/ETCOP, you've got Bayou Bridge coming on. So, you're pushing up well over probably $500 million of incremental EBITDA in the Midstream both the combination of PSXP as well as PSX.
Greg Garland: Just one thing, Phil that I would add to that. We're kind of on a glide scope slope to $3 million and so think about $1 billion-ish of sustaining capital and $2 billion of growth, most of that growth is really directed towards Midstream and we fully expect that we can fund that coming out of the MLP.
Timothy Taylor: Yeah, Blake, I guess we look at it and we think about the inventories heading in. And it's a global issue as we think about where the supplies come on this year, and ultimately, the way to rebalance the product side of the market is that run cuts will come, so I think everyone's kind of looking at their own kit, configuration will make those calls, but I think that that is something that will happen to rebalance the whole supply-side. That said, the demand side's been good. So, that's been the strength of it. We've definitely responded as a global industry with a lot more supply.
Timothy Taylor: Yeah. Okay. So, on the NGL side, we had pretty strong response in the second quarter. Ethane started coming out of rejection, but we've actually seen NGL prices begin to fall. And I think that the real key on this is, A, export demand and the pet-chem demand in the industry. So, we're still seeing supply and we're still seeing ethane and rejection that's there to feed the new cracker start-up, so until there's cracker start-up on the ethane side, we think that will be the main driver. We're starting to pull more ethane out of the gas stream, which should strengthen the ethane price. On the propane side, we had strong exports and that's kept the propane market really connected to the international pricing in the international markets. We saw some short-term cancellations I think this summer as really the differentials between the U.S. and some other markets start to close. We're starting to see corrections. And our view is that long-term, you still have excess length in both ethane and propane and propane has to lead the market to rebalance and clear. And so, I think that what you see is, you just see the market start to readjust, and we're starting to see some of that now in the pricing this month in July. So, I think we're still, overall, still see a lot of value in that LPG value chain and the growing production as soon as crude oil production, gas production resumes out in the future.
Timothy Taylor: Yeah, Jeff, this is Tim. I think, fundamentally, simpler refineries that run on light sweet crudes are going to be the most impacted. Clearly, there's been a sustained differential on the heavy light side, the bias toward the heavy, medium crudes are pretty available. So, I think that as you think about the system, we would expect the heavier oriented refineries to be very competitive and the pinch point comes on the lighter refineries around the globe and then that depends a lot on their configuration as well. And clearly, as usual, if you think around the world the Atlantic Basin is going to be a pitch point and possibly some of the operations in Asia, as we think about that.
Timothy Taylor: Well, it begins basically with good demand, right? You've got good pull-through in terms of demand, the response that we've seen globally by the consumer certainly in the U.S. Our volumes were up across some of the same store sides roughly 2.5%, so we produce more, we actually move into the market. So, I think it reflects the strength on demand side and so we were able to capture a little better margin in terms of the value, if you will, of our distribution wholesale market. So, I think it speaks to strength there. The RINs are always interesting in terms of what's the impact in terms of the cost and the capture as it moves with the price, but I think that could bias into the price of the product as well. And I think we're able to capture some of that is certainly shows up as a cost in Refining, but it's a tailwind as well. You generate the RIN in marketing. But, fundamentally, the spread, the wholesale margin was improved and I think that really reflects in our mind, the strength of the consumer gasoline market. Distillate remains rather flattish from our perspective.
Timothy Taylor: Well, we were able to bring up exports about 50,000 barrels a day, good opportunity. And so, I think, we just look at the decision as a better inland placement or an export sale. Clearly, the Gulf Coast for us is a big piece of that. And we're very well positioned to supply the demand in Latin America as we've seen some reduction in the run rates down there, so it was a good market and then you had the RIN value on top of that, it provides some incentive as well. So, I think the export markets will likely stay strong for U.S. refiners on the Gulf Coast.
Timothy Taylor: Yeah. We actually continue to do engineering work, do site studies. Still like North America and we think about the long-term supply, we look around the world for that, but I don't see FID on that cracker until sometime 2018, 2019, just as we do development work and look at things. So to the second part of your question, so next year capital spending at CPChem will decline with the completion of the first cracker, so that may be in the order of $1 billion a year on that. And then in 2018, as you ramp up the production on the new cracker, you're likely to see at the CPChem level, this is both of those numbers, another $800 million to $1 billion with some upside depending on how the market is. So substantial cash flow swing at CPChem if you think about free cash flow. And so we're anticipating that we'll get strong distributions back from CPChem here beginning particularly in 2018.
Timothy Taylor: Yeah, and Ed, just to comment, we purchased additional small interest in Explorer pipeline as one of the opportunities we look at is inorganic, but that's a pipeline we've been – it's in PSXP today, but predecessor to PSXP, Phillips, we've been investors in that pipe for a long time. So, it fits strategically. But I think those are kinds of inorganic bolt-ons that we look at that say they can add value and they fit strategically with our overall footprint at PSX and PSXP.
Timothy Taylor: Yeah. Roger, it's Tim. So, if you look back in history and you think about our spend, we anticipate about $2 billion a year of funding or purchases, if you will, at PSXP. To the extent that those are PSX, it's a project, just what we do. But I think, that's kind of – to meet our target on distribution growth and our plan to hit the $1.1 billion of PSXP, you're kind of roughly in that $2 billion a year range of purchases. So, that will be a source that equity and debt financing that will finance that.
Timothy Taylor: Yeah. I mean, the majority of – we have a large backlog organic that we're developing that would fit logically in the MLP, so that's been the strong connection so far with smaller bolt-on outside inorganic; but, yeah, so the majority of that I think you can think about as PSX and – but we're always looking at opportunities to add to the value through outside opportunities as well.
Timothy Taylor: So, basically our major maintenance turnaround is still on schedule, we planned. These are relatively small unit turnarounds that just were able to defer. So, they just move around sometimes on a planning basis; but the fundamentals, the way that we go about the major turnaround planning is unchanged, so I think our guidance where we typically get to on turnaround expense is pretty consistent year-on-year. Flexes a little bit depending on which refinery, but we've really haven't changed our philosophy on turnaround expenditures and timing of those.
Timothy Taylor: Yeah. You're right. We've had a lot of build of inventory in pad one in New York Harbor, there's been an incentive on Europe to continue to run that reflects storage economics right now. But, there is a place that needs to rebalance, somewhere between the U.S. East Coast and some of the European refiners, we still look at that, say there needs to be some balancing on the inventory side or the production side to balance that out. And that typically tends to be a more marginal or higher cost area, another reason we think about that. So a lot of dynamics in play around that and we'll have to see how it shakes out, but no matter how you cut it, some plays, you've got to get the production and demand back in balance a bit more on the Refining side, so that's why we anticipate that run cuts come and that would seem to be one of the places that we look at that think that could occur.
Timothy Taylor: No, I think, again, we look at PSXP, we've talked about our $1.1 billion target, you've got to continue to progress to make the distribution coverage, so we have a strong backlog of MLP-able income available, and so we're going to continue to grow that, hit our target there in 2018. So, we're continuing to see good Midstream cash flows in our fee-based assets and that's a key component of what we want PSXP to do.
Timothy Taylor: Yeah. So, we're about 97% complete on the LPG Terminal. There's different pieces, so we're actually right at the front end of our commissioning and drying out process, getting it ready. So, we anticipate that will be operational toward the end of the year, but we are actually essentially completing construction and now working into the commissioning piece of that business, so that's about to become operational. On the market side, and you asked about the contracts. We continue to work the contracts, as Greg said, the commodity environment is challenged today. So, I think that the commercial arm or opportunity is narrower than what we had originally planned in the short term, but we still fundamentally see that strength. And as I said, it's got to clear the market here somewhere to really make everything balanced just based on the demand side. So, we feel pretty good about the longer-term fundamentals there with some stress short-term I think on the commercial side of that. But the load across that looks really solid to us. And we continue to work that.
Timothy Taylor: So, we've said that the EBITDA on that project $400 million to $500 million, 20% or so, would be commercial opportunities. And so, the ramp up schedule really relates more to the fee. And I think that what we're seeing is that opportunities for that are going to be a bit lower, but in the commercial arm is really where we're seeing most of the compression in terms of that run rate; but we're ready to ramp up when that thing becomes operational as these contracts start to kick in and we get the asset in play. But that takes a bit of time as you bring up the operation.
Timothy Taylor: So, Faisel, most of that capital, the capital investment in sites is in Europe. We have a great market position, good return; but it's going to be modest, just given the size of the market and the rate at which it's growing. So, it's really, I think a level that we see continuing to go forward. On the U.S. side, a little bit of capital on the Marketing side for that, but most of this is done through our dealers and our marketers, our customers. And so, it's part of our marketing structure, but making good progress in terms of revamping the sites, particularly on the 76 and the Phillips 66 brand, and we're seeing increased pull-through to the branded chain. So, we're strengthening that really through our marketing and commercial relationships versus a capital investment piece that we are driving.
Timothy Taylor: Yeah. Crude ran up quite a bit in the second quarter, and so as it comes off, the margin between say a coke and a crude, that that differential widens back out. That said, some of the other products are LPGs. And to the extent that NGL prices – I mean, propane price has come down significantly here recently. And so as you see that, it's a moving target; but generally, we do better with lower crude prices in terms of the secondary product loss, if you will. So that narrows and it's basically a boost or tailwind for our margins.
Timothy Taylor: No, I think it really is about the total. And, Paul, it's a PSXP asset today. Greg said we're down a little bit with the ethane. The ethane comes out of rejection that comes up naturally. It also starts to load more of the pipe in the caverns that are there. So, relatively small contribution, but it's up and it's running a lot better. We had great operational improvement this second quarter and so that's what we're focused on. And then we've got to get this LPG up and get the entire value chain going on that one.
Timothy Taylor: Yeah. We don't disclose individuals; but yeah, as I made the comment, we think about it and look at the light suites and say where would that incrementally be in addition to product configuration. So rather than – just go ahead and say that we always look at that and we'll look at that and make sure that incremental barrel has incremental profit. And to the extent that we don't we'll crude cut the crew.
Timothy Taylor: So, with the $1.1 billion is a target of both existing assets, when we began as well as our growth projects. As we think about the composition, so exactly what we drop when is something that we always look at, so it's going to be a combination of both of those; but as you look at the Midstream EBITDA, we put out in 2018, we drove from around $1 billion say in, Refining and Midstream income when we started in 2013, 2014 pushing that up over $2 billion, so that's really the growth that's there – some of that's commodity as well. So, there's some – depending on the commodity markets, could be some of that about 20%. And that's really how we think about it is, that look through EBITDA, you've got $1 billion plus of EBITDA growth over that period, but what you put in the PSXP is a mixed question that we really don't address specifically.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah, Ed, this is Kevin. So bear in mind that the almost $350 million of undistributed equity earnings, so that's reflected in the earnings number, but the distributions aren't coming back. The bulk of that is in CPChem, but you also see it at WRB JV, XL power lubes and then there's several other smaller JVs. Some of those, it's reflective of the investment that's taking place inside of those JVs, that's consuming that cash. Some of it, a portion is just a timing effect that distributions aren't necessarily ratable. So when you think about the $560 million of cash flow, excluding working capital, if you were to add back the undistributed equity earnings, to put it on a consistent basis, that's just over $900 million of operating cash flow, which then lines up with what you'd expect from the earnings generated given the environment.
Kevin Mitchell: No, Paul, we haven't disclosed our specific RIN costs in Refining or benefits in Marketing. But you highlight the situation, so we do have the RIN exposure in Refining. We have an offset in Marketing. Obviously as RIN prices increase, that's hurting Refining more, and you see that reflected in our capture rates, but there's offset in Marketing. But we don't provide the actual numbers.
Kevin Mitchell: So to the extent there is an inventory impact in our capture, it's reflected in that other bar. The actual effect in the quarter was...
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. So it's a combination of your RINs expense, product differentials, outbound freight costs, any inventory effect, they're all in there. And inventory is normal.
Kevin Mitchell: So, debt to cap, 27% fully consolidated at the end of the second quarter. On a net basis, 22%. When you exclude PSXP, I think, it's 25% total. 19% on a net cash basis. So, it's still a fair amount of headroom from a balance sheet standpoint, balance sheet capacity to weather the ups and downs in the market. Most of the capital programming, Greg talked about $3.9 billion capital budget coming to something $3.3 billion-ish for the year, but a lot of the capital is locked in and so that's where having the balance sheet capability to deal with that over that time period certainly helps us. The MLP model is a critical part of the overall funding. So, as we continue to grow the MLP dropdown assets, you will see cash coming back to the PSX level and it's going to be in the form of, you'll see equity raises like within the second quarter and you'll see debt going on the MLP as well.
