Mark Lashier: Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. During the first quarter, we delivered strong financial and operating results. We had adjusted earnings of $2 billion or $4.21 per share, a record first quarter. In Refining, we successfully executed major planned maintenance and ran above industry average rates. Currently, our refineries are running at high utilization to meet demand and capture market opportunities as we enter summer driving season. We returned $1.3 billion to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. In February, we raised our dividend 8% to $1.05 per share, demonstrating our ongoing commitment to a secure, competitive and growing dividend. Our integrated diversified portfolio provides us with the ability to generate strong cash flow, return substantial cash to shareholders and invest in the most attractive projects. We remain committed to operating excellence and disciplined capital allocation as we execute our strategy. Recently, our Midstream, Refining and Chemicals business were recognized for their exemplary safety performance in 2022. For the third consecutive year, Midstream was awarded the American Petroleum Institute's Distinguished Pipeline Safety Award for Large Operators. This is the highest recognition by API for the midstream industry. The American Fuel and Petrochemical Manufacturers recognized five of our refineries for outstanding safety performance. Sweeny Refinery received the Distinguished Safety Award for the second year in a row. Bayway, Borger, Santa Maria and Ponca City refineries also earned safety awards. In Chemicals, four CPChem facilities were recognized with AFPM Safety Awards. We're honored to receive these awards and would like to recognize our employees' commitment to operating excellence. Congratulations to all the people working at these facilities. Well done. We started the year off well and continue to advance strategic priorities from our Investor Day late last year. Slide 4 summarizes progress toward our targets to create value and increase shareholder distributions. Since July of 2022, we've returned $3.7 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. We're on track to meet our target to return $10 billion to $12 billion over the 10-quarter period between July 2022 through year-end 2024. We had strong refining operational performance in the first quarter and market capture increased to 93%. In Midstream, we're advancing our NGL wellhead to market strategy. We recently achieved an integration milestone with the transition of DCP Midstream employees to Phillips 66, enabling continued synergy capture. In anticipation of the DCP buy-in, we issued bonds and executed a delayed draw term loan. We expect to close on the transaction by the end of the second quarter. We're advancing our business transformation initiatives, and we're on track to deliver $1 billion of annual run rate savings by year-end. Next quarter, we'll provide a more detailed update on the cost savings achieved through the first half of the year. In Refining, we're converting our San Francisco refinery into one of the world's largest renewables fuels facilities. The conversion will substantially reduce emissions from the facility and produce lower carbon intensity transportation fuels. In February, we safely shut down the Santa Maria facility, as we continued to advance the project. We expect to begin commercial operations in the first quarter of 2024. Upon completion, Rodeo will have over 50,000 barrels per day of renewable fuels production capacity. In Chemicals, CPChem is pursuing a portfolio of high-return projects, enhancing its asset base and optimizing its existing operations. This includes construction of a second world-scale 1-hexene unit in Old Ocean, Texas and the expansion of propylene splitting capacity at its Cedar Bayou facility. Both projects are expected to start up in the second half of 2023. CPChem and Qatar Energy are jointly building world-scale petrochemical facilities on the US Gulf Coast and in Ras Laffan, Qatar, with start-up at each facility expected in 2026. We look forward to continuing to update you on our strategic priorities. Now I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financial results.
Mark Lashier: Yes, Neil, this is Mark. I'll just come over with a little bit relating that back to the Investor Day commitments, that we made those commitments based on the groundwork that had been underway for some time, the fairly small projects that we were going through, the blocking and tackling that we were taking on, and we're really starting to see those come to fruition now. And we're pleased with what we're seeing out there. And really, I think the biggest impact of business transformation has been the hearts and minds of our employees. They are all in. Wasn't that way a year ago when first started the initiative, but now they see the things that they're doing, the hard work that they're doing are starting to impact their results and turnarounds, starting to impact the operational effectiveness of the plants as well as they're seeing it in the cost. And that's just been a very virtuous cycle for our employees. There's a stronger competitive edge out there and they really want to own their future now.
Mark Lashier: Great question, Doug. I'll let Rich address the capture rate, and I'll come back in on the cost-cutting progress.
Mark Lashier: Yes. Thanks, Rich. Doug, we've really come a long way on the business transformation efforts. It was a heavy lift, a major focus really for the last 18 months or so, and we're seeing great progress. We beat our goal of $500 million by year-end of 2022, and we're accelerating right into 2023, hitting more than $600 million in the first quarter. And as I mentioned in our comments, we'll take you on a tour of those realized savings at the second quarter call. And we're excited the organization is excited. We've made major changes in the structure of the organization that eliminates a lot of inefficiencies. We've got feedback loops that we put in place to make sure that these savings are real and that they're sustainable. And we're seeing it and people have bought in. We're using some really state-of-the-art tools to make sure that we're capturing what we think we're capturing and delivering those results to the bottom line. So it's just an incredible change in the organization that we've witnessed over the last six or eight months as things start to be realized.
Mark Lashier: I'll touch a couple of those things, Ryan, at a high level, and then Kevin can drill into how the savings are distributed. But really Refining has performed very well. With respect to business transformation, we're seeing that. On the sustaining capital, I just want to make it clear that, that's really not an outright reduction in sustaining capital opportunities. It's becoming more efficient and more productive in how we're spending that, and we're going to continue to do that. You'll see really that impact in any of our capital projects that we look at going forward and we're not really capturing that. So, it's going to be a continuous process to look at how to get more and more efficient around sustaining capital. And we're not going to end this adventure when we get to the end of the defined program at the end of next year. We have outlined goals. We expect to continue to generate more savings on into 2024 and beyond. There are some things that we aren't even talking about today that require modest capital that will further enhance cost savings. So, we're instilling this as part of our culture, Ryan, and this is just going to be an ongoing march of continuous improvement, greater competitive edge. We've got 14,000 employees that want to win out there every day and they're highly motivated. Now, Kevin can give you a little insight to where you're going to see these numbers.
Mark Lashier: Yes. And the only thing I would add, Manav, is CPChem's operations have been very strong. And I think their ability to outproduce their competitors is based on their strong operations and their solid cost position and they're delivering -- in a tough environment, they're delivering and outperforming.
Mark Lashier: Yes. Manav, we're making good progress on the project out at Rodeo. You heard me mention we shut down the Santa Maria facility, which is basically a feed prep unit for the Rodeo facility. The project is moving along. And there are lots of weather challenges out there, but the team has fought through it and dealt with it, and we're looking forward to having that on in the first quarter of next year. And I'll remind you that we've had a unit there operating and producing renewable diesel, what we call Unit 250 since April 2021. And I'll tell you what, it's exceeded both our operating expectations and our commercial expectations. And frankly, we're ready for more. We've got a great strategy out there and we are implementing and executing. And I'll let Brian touch on more of those details.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. Paul, that's been taking up a lot of intellectual capacity for, I think, the entire industry since that was rushed through. Before that, California was a tough place to manage Refining business, and I think this just makes it even a little more difficult. We're like everyone else, working hard to understand both the intended and unintended consequences of SBX1-2. And it certainly, at a fundamental level, creates more uncertainty, and it's going to make it more difficult for people to step up and invest in the supply chain that the consumers need, because even though you've got a lot of things coming over the hill to reduce demand, today, demand is strong, and you can see what happens when there's disruptions and the supply chain can be pretty tight there. So it's really tough for us to see how this new law is going to benefit the consumers at the end of the day.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. I think that it's logical to assume that industry associations will defend and protect the interests of the industries, and even individual companies may take action. That's certainly going to be up to each company. But from an industry perspective, I think that, that's an angle that's obviously being looked at.
Mark Lashier: Thank you, Sierra. I just want to recap a few key things. We had a strong start to the year. We had solid first quarter results, and we raised the dividend and increased our share repurchases, which are on pace to deliver our targeted return of $10 billion to $12 billion from July of 2022 to year-end 2024. We've made great progress in Refining with strong turnaround execution, improved market capture, and lower costs. In Midstream, just as Tim mentioned, we advanced Midstream integration and we remain confident in capturing $300 million of synergies. We expect to close on the buy-in this quarter. We're progressing our business transformation initiatives, and we're on track to achieve $1 billion of annual run rate savings by year-end. We remain committed to financial strength, disciplined capital allocation, and returning distributions to our shareholders. We look forward to updating you on our progress. Thank you for all your interest in Phillips 66.
Rich Harbison: Yes. Thanks, Neil. This is Rich. Good question, and it's a number of things coming together here for us. Back in November, we outlined a number of opportunities to improve refining's performance. One of them was asset availability. Optimizing our turnaround durations, we've done a really good job executing those in a pretty heavy turnaround quarter for us, and that's a big component of allowing us to operate at that 90% crude unit utilization. It's really executing those turnarounds in a very high-performing status. On the Gulf Coast, our assets performed very well. They increased their crude flexibility that also allowed us to open up the utilization window and also allowed us to capture additional market as well, which you saw as well, the refining market capture rate of 93% was very good for the quarter as well. The key assets there are running the assets, focusing on what we can control in our business, Neil, and that is executing our turnarounds well. And we were able to do that coming in below guidance this year -- or this first quarter, continuing a trend that started last year with us coming in below guidance.
Rich Harbison: Yes, I think that plays into the Refining capture rate of 93% for the quarter for us. Last year, we actually implemented 12 projects focused on market capture. The result of the impact of those projects is a 1.2% improvement in market capture with mid-cycle pricing assumptions. We implemented $225 million worth of projects, and the net return on those or the EBITDA generation for that investment was $158 million at mid-cycle pricing. 2023, we actually have additional 18 projects identified that are in flight, and the estimate is a 1.4% improvement in market capture. So, I think what you're seeing here is the plan we laid out in November is starting to really come to the bottom line of the performance of the Refining.
Rich Harbison: Yeah. So capture rate has a lot of moving parts to it so it's very difficult to predict that, the configuration component of it, secondary products, feedstock costs, others. But back to focusing on what we can control in our business, Doug, is we're seeing continued maturity in our reliability programs, and these saves are coming on a regular basis where we're catching issues early and preventing larger events from occurring. And also under asset availability, as I mentioned earlier, the turnaround execution is going very well for us. We've significantly improved our predictability on this. That takes a lot of leg work over time to improve those processes. And most importantly, even though we're hitting our turnaround execution goals, we are continuing to complete all the necessary work to operate the equipment safely and reliably over time. So that program is continuing to mature. We'll continue to see that. And that will allow our utilization rates to be available to operate in the market if the market is there. And then as you mentioned, the cost side of it is a big component of this as well. We have a clear path that we've identified reducing our costs by $500 million by the end of this year on a run rate basis. Over half of the $400 million run rate cost savings that Kevin mentioned in his comments are coming out of Refining. And that's good news for us. And probably more importantly, as Mark has indicated, our entire organization is uncovering opportunities to lower cost. We're being much more efficient in how we work and accepting the challenge to improve the business, which all should directionally support improved market capture and utilization.
Rich Harbison: Yes, this is Rich. So Central Corridor, I think the first thing to remember, the quarter-over-quarter analysis, fourth quarter, we had some pretty heavy headwinds with the Keystone shutdown and the winter storm effects, so that kind of sets the baseline. In the first quarter, we did see improved feedstock advantage running the heavy crudes. And more importantly, we are able to actually increase our crude slate percentage of these crudes that we were able to run. That impacted our market capture there as well. Now some of that was offset by the unplanned downtime impacts that carried on -- initiated fourth quarter, carried on into the first quarter. That unplanned downtime, primarily at Wood River was -- is now repaired and that facility is back up and running. We did slide one turnaround from the first quarter to the first half of the second quarter. That turnaround is now ramping up this week here. So we do expect the utilization rates to get back to higher levels for the WRB assets. There -- also, there was other some slight turnaround impacts as well to that first quarter results and a little bit lower market cracks also that played into that result. But that's how we see the Central Corridor kind of moving forward. We expect our utilization rates to turn back upwards.
Rich Harbison: Well, we -- this is Rich again. We anticipated this flood of activity that would occur for -- to get these LCFS pathways approved. And we've been working diligently to get these approved even ahead of the start-up of the project. Any pathway that was approved for the Unit 250 operation is also applicable to the Rodeo Renewed project as well. So while we are concerned, I would say that there is a flood of applications to pathways. We think we're in a good position, and that should meter into our system, consistent with the start-up of the project.
Brian Mandell: Well, let me start, Neil. This is Brian. Talking about marketing and probably noticed we had very strong marketing earnings in Q1. Pretty happy about that. You know that we have a geographic diverse portfolio with assets both here in the US and Western Europe, which is great. But we also market through a number of channels, wholesale, branded, and retail. And what we've been doing is trying to focus our sales on the higher margin parts of our business, particularly in retail. And we purchased retail in the past few years. In fact, in mid-2019, we had 50 retail JV stores in the US. Now, we have 1,000 retail JV stores in the US, and we also spent some time reimaging all of our stores to get higher margins in business. And I would also say that in the lubes business, that it's also performing quite strongly in both base oils and finished products. So, as you mentioned, as spot prices come off, that generally benefits the marketing business because marketing margins, generally, or marketing prices generally fall slower.
Brian Mandell: Yes. Doug, this is Brian. Maybe I’ll talk about kind of what we’re seeing in the market. And that, it's kind of what we’re seeing in our business as well. Although, our volumes are somewhat off, because of California flooding and because of the sub-maintenance. But generally, for US gasoline, we’re seeing demand better than last year and we’re seeing global demand about 3% better than last year. And we’re now heading to gasoline driving season, as was mentioned, with kind of the lowest US gasoline inventories in almost 10 years. We’re also seeing a very strong octane spreads of about a-third larger than they were first quarter of last year, $0.27. We would expect demand to hold better than last year, particularly given that the -- we have lower retail prices versus last year as well. On the diesel side, the year did start off weaker early in the year with warmer winter but has become to firm with Mid-Continent planning season. Currently we’re seeing US diesel demand about 2.5% under last year. But that said, global distillate demand is a bit strong than last year and some countries are seeing particularly strong diesel demand. In Latin America, we’re seeing demand at 10% over last year and China, 4% over last year. And finally, I’d say that, in the US, it's been bouncing back and forth between max diesel and max gasoline pad 5s EBIT and max gasoline since mid-February pretty much. Pad 1 signaled max gasoline in mid-April. And so this bodes well for helping the firm up distillate throughout the summer.
Brian Mandell: Sure, Ryan, this is Brian. I think overall, as you as you pointed out, sours gained strength since the beginning of the year. And this strength was a number of factors you have now it's starting to weaken but you have new refinery capacity in China and in Kuwait. You have new US refinery additions on the Gulf Coast at Port Arthur and Galveston Bay. We had an unexpected OPEC cut, 1.1 million barrels. I don't know how much of that cut will actually happen. But that's a large cut. Chinese economy has been very strong. And you can see that economy coming back with more people driving, more people flying and then lack of sour barrels on the market. So combination of things that firm did initially and then the market started to weaken. I will point out that even though the market has come off since Q1 When you think about the sours, it's useful to remember that while they're weak, they're still weak, but relative to historical perspective, so if you look at Latin American sours like Castillo Amaya. They're still about $4 to $6 weaker than five-year averages. So those differentials are still weaker than historical although they firmed up some since Q1.
Brian Mandell: Yes. And I do think, Mark, exactly on that point though is that also their product slate is geared towards consumables. Durables are a little bit -- you're seeing it slow up a little bit on the durables front, and they don't have as much exposure to that.
Brian Mandell: Hi, Manav, just to follow up on Mark's point, the margins that we've seen at Unit 250, since we started the unit in Q1 of 2021, have been better than we premised every single quarter. And if you remember, we premised Unit 250 when running soybean oil feedstock only, but we've also run distillers corn oil, canola oil and pretreated used cooking oil, and we're actively blending feedstocks at the plant now. And in general -- just a general comment, we're seeing 3 times the volumes of low CI imports into the US now than last year. And we're also seeing more crushing capacity for vegetable oils. And then on the Marketing side of the business, we're selling almost all of our production through our branded and retail outlets directly to the end consumer. And we've also sold volumes to geographic locations that offer higher credit incentives than California for some of the feedstocks. And then finally, on the credit side, the LCFS programs are currently available in California, Oregon, Washington and Canada, as you know, but we're seeing other states proposing these programs, and in fact, Minnesota and Pennsylvania are two states that recently proposed an LCFS program. And then Mark, that's the kind of the commercial side. Mark mentioned the operating side, too. And on the operating side, we're seeing higher than premised yields of RD at greater than 95%. And we're also making 30% more renewable diesel production at the plant than we originally thought. So as Mark pointed out, we're looking forward to Rodeo Renewed and Rodeo Renewed will also have the flexibility of producing up to 10,000 barrels of renewable jet fuel with very little capital.
Brian Mandell: Hey, Jason, this is Brian. I'd say that, as you know, refineries in the US are advantaged relative to European and Asian refineries. And as margins in Asia and Europe have begun to fall, like you said, we're beginning to see runs trim, particularly in Korea, Taiwan and Europe. Also, China is heading this month into a turnaround season, which should, along with the low US inventories and the fact that we're stepping into summer driving season, begin to help strengthen, in our opinion, global margins.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. Neil, just on the working capital impact. As you've highlighted, with the declining prices, we will have a working capital hurt because we're in a net payables position. So you think about a system that's essentially 2 million barrels per day and a longer duration on the payables outstanding than on the receivables. So the approximate rule of thumb is somewhere in the order of $40 million to $50 million of working capital hurt per $1 of price reduction. And that assumes that the crude and the products move together, and the crack stays at the same level. But as you know, also, there's a lot of other moving parts in working capital, what's happening to inventories and so on. But as a rule of thumb, simple rule of thumb, you can use that $40 million to $50 million per $1 movement in price.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. Thanks, Mark. So as we said, over $600 million run rate at the end of the quarter when you adjust for the fact that some of that's capital from an EBITDA standpoint, it's a north of $400 million run rate. And as we look at the detail in the quarter, we are seeing the proportionate share of that show up. It's not necessarily obvious from the externally reported data just because of the other things happening like consolidation of DCP into our results and so on. But of that $400 million-plus run rate, half of that or even a little bit more is showing up in Refining, which is where you would expect it to be, given that, that's the largest spend area in the company anyway. We're doing this through a combination of organization work. We completed that last year and we're seeing that benefit flow through this quarter between the sort of centralization of some of our activities across the organization. We've done a lot of work around our processes where we've been looking for ways to standardize and simplify the way we do work and, in some cases, just eliminate work. And so we've optimized the sort of overall business support model around all of those activities. And then we continue to work on our external spend, the third-party sourcing activities and leveraging the technologies that we really put the foundation in place with Advantage 66 in terms of the digital progress we have made in those areas. So, a lot of different elements to that, and we'll give more specifics this time next quarter as we have the half year results available.
Kevin Mitchell: John, this is Kevin. I would just say, I mean, your points are valid. We'll see -- we'll benefit from lower maintenance turnaround costs. And the natural gas prices are settling in at a pretty low level, and so you would expect to see a drop 1Q to 2Q. We're not giving specific guidance on the number. Now the other side of that is utilization will be higher, so some of the variable costs, you'll see a small impact from. But that's a good thing. But net-net, I think you should see a small -- a modest sequential decline.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. John, I wouldn't be too concerned about buyback pace being driven by the funding the buyback because we are at a $7 billion cash balance at the end of the first quarter. We had drawn -- we had issued $1.25 billion of notes but we have the term loan facility, which has not been drawn yet. And so we will draw on that as we fund the buy-in. So even all other things unchanged, we'll still have a healthy cash balance at that point in time. We're still generating cash. And so I think that our buyback pace should still be at a very respectable level in the second quarter. The balance sheet is in a good position. The operating cash flow is still strong. We've seen some weakening in Refining margins. But relative to our mid-cycle assumptions, the business is still looking really good. So I'm not too concerned about the buyback pace being impacted by the DCP buy-in.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. Paul, the big driver of the change this quarter, especially comparing to last quarter is around the product, clean product realizations or clean product differentials. And that was a particular negative item in the fourth quarter because the way we do our market crack for Atlantic Basin, we use a New York Harbor-based crack and the distillate crack or the jet crack was particularly strong in New York Harbor. It was weaker in Europe. And our capacity is approximately 50-50 between New York, Northeast and Europe. And so our Europe distillate production is causing a negative relative to that market. And so that pulled down the overall capture, and that shows up in other -- we had a little bit of a similar phenomenon going on in the West Coast as well, where we used an LA marker for the entire West Coast, which includes Northern California and the Pacific Northwest. And so when those markets are out of sync with each other, that can drive differentials in our actual product realizations, and that will show up in that other. That's the biggest single driver in there, Paul.
