Greg Garland: Well, we always tell this wasn’t – always be a very volatile business and I think we plan for that as we think through mid cycles we should generate $4 billion to $5 billion of cash and $1 billion to $2 billion coming out of the MLP and we think that’s sufficient to fund $1.3 billion dividend going and to fund $3 billion ish capital program and $1 billion to $2 billion ish every purchase. I think we feel pretty comfortable within that context.
Greg Garland: No. I am happy to do that. I think couple of things, first of all I think that the work that DCP has done to reduce our cost structure, cash breakeven nearly dropped from kind of $0.60 per gallon NGL somewhere below $0.35 gallon NGL. So you see in that benefit show up. NGL prices quarter-on-quarter actually just a little bit lower but natural gas prices were up about $0.80 or so $0.89 I think. And so that was the benefit to DCP. So you had a combination effect of ore cost plus good through put volumes and then kind of neutral on NGL prices will better on gas prices.
Greg Garland: Yes. That's correct. Now we think about that a lot in the cost of capital at the MLP. I mean the IDR do at some point become a the cost of capital burden for the MLP.
Greg Garland: Yes. First of all, we are not talking on 2018 today in terms of guidance Paul. So I think we are committed to the 1.1 billion to 2018 that will represent 30% cagier in terms of that. I don't know Tim if you have got any other comments around it you want to make.
Greg Garland: Yes. Well, there is quite a bit of downstream activities still going on Paul. This kind of point that out. There is a lot of construction, lot of crackers under construction. So I think our polyethylene solely will come on kind of within expectations in terms of both the timing and the cost of facility, we have signaled that we think the crackers going to be in the second half of the year. So the cost of cracker probably will be 5% to 10% more than what we would have expected just due to delays we have seen in construction. I would tell you that Tim is working that really hard. And I don't know if you want to make a couple of comments what we are seeing on the ground today and some of the things we are doing to try to mitigate that.
Greg Garland: Yes. We look at our branded piece and we're still seeing at same side. We would say we're seeing that 2% to 3% year-on-year increase. So, and you look at the Kendall driven all the indicator some changes there but generally still a pretty good demand picture on the gasoline side. So, that’s another piece that help balance that long run. As you got to continue to have good demand growth to balance that. Maybe as in a side, we're actually seeing similar patterns in Europe. They were German retail operations in or Central Europe operation. So, it does, it has been a response on the price side to demand really across the world.
Greg Garland: Yes. So, I think we'll finish this year right around $3 billion in 2016. And we're going to be, we go to our board in December for approval of the capital budget. It's going to be somewhere between 25 and 29 at this point in time, Neil. We differed investment in for act 2 and so that's a piece of what we're seeing. And then we're just finishing up the big projects and so there's given the uncertainty in the markets and everything is going on, we're pivoting to a smaller projects. So, that's actually positive in my view because we need to make adjustments capital next year, we can. So, we're not, we don’t have these long run committed projects we have to follow through and invest down. So, I think we feel good about the 2017 capital program. We got some good projects in there that we want to execute. And obviously, our full attention right now is on commissioning and starting up this LPG export facility. But you will have cargoes next month, actually.
Greg Garland: No. I think that's accurate. It may slip a little bit. I think we're still optimistic I would say. They will get this resolved. There is the work is continuing except for about, I don’t know, a couple of miles actually. So, there is not that much left to be finished once we get the Eastmen to go underneath the Missouri River. So, I think that can be wrapped up in a relative short order. Obviously we need to go ahead to get started on that. And we just, we would expect that we'll get that.
Greg Garland: Well, I think that's buyback. We've always got it too, $1 billion to $2 billion I think. Certainly for this year we'll be towards a lower end of that range and we'll see what happens. But remember we get CapEx from 39 to three this year. We were kind of targeting a one and one five'ish, one sixes this year. And so, if we come in close to lower end of the range, well, we do share repurchases not as much but still a significant amount. But, I actually think that $1 billion to $2 billion is good guidance for 2017, is we look at our balances and what we think we are going to do.
Greg Garland: So, it's mostly push of expenditure into future periods both on turnaround, catalyst change expense, Paul. I will give an update on where we expect 2017 to becoming in the next call.
Greg Garland: Well, this we've always guided that we're going to stay between 20% and 30% at the cap. And so, we may drift over that just a little bit at one point in time. We're going to try to stay very disciplined within that van, Paul. And it's probably not a bad time to build some cash too as you think about that going forward.
Greg Garland: No. I think they will be able to do the drill and do what we need to do. Yes, essentially you're preparing, you doing a ditch work now and the weather I fine. So, either drills is not really that impacted from a weather standpoint.
Greg Garland: I will take this up and Taylor can correct me maybe, but as I think about it inventories are through the chain and certainly they are coming down in the US which is constructive, but I would say that in turnarounds we cannot turn statistically we tend to run better and so you have got that as an option. But I do think industry is looking at some run cuts in the fourth quarter and given the carry that's out there we are not going to be incented to run like we did in the fourth quarter of last year. So I don't think we are going to repeat that problem again. So I think you will see. I think like crude refineries are going to be challenge I think mid comps is going to be challenge. The crack stand that – they are not that great. So I think bulk of it to look at that.
Greg Garland: So on chemicals in terms of utilization, we have two major crackers in turnaround right now. One in Saudi Arabia, the [indiscernible] company and the second is the seizure cracker and so those continue through roughly half the quarter. So that's the guidance down as primarily the plan turnaround there. And so that was the – that's big change to the guidance in the mid 90s or mid 80s. On the LPG we will be getting loading you got to get through the qualification, the clean out, the start-up and so I think our view is it ramps through the first couple of quarters through next year but hopefully can accelerate that but I think the volume piece of that comes depends on how quickly the operation stabilize and we can get that on and running.
Greg Garland: I think it will be better next year. I am not sure we are going to get all way back to mid cycle I think it's going to be into the second half of 2017 before you see the kind of inventory corrected even though it's going the right direction today I think it's going to take a while to work through that. And so I think it will be the back half of the year before we see margin improvement in the refining business.
Greg Garland: No. Yes and no. I think two years ago we would have told you we thought that mid cycle was probably a $1 barrel better because of the crude dips. I think that's probably gone away. And so I am kind of back to more of normal mid cycle and my own thinking in terms of that. It's just kind of rule of thumb I kind of use between $2 and $2.5 of barrel net income is a good mid cycle number for us.
Greg Garland: This is third or the fourth partner change. I keep lose track of change so many times in 16 years. But look I think in this great company we know them. They are going to be a terrific partner. I think we are happy with the model as it is. This is a longstanding partnership. It's horizon lot of different name changes. We like the assets. We like the footprint that DCP has and the areas that they are offering in and they have had a great year just in terms of getting their order in terms of reducing their cost structure, pulling in the capital expenses and running much better. And they are actually running well this year from the reliability standpoint. They had just done all the right things, so it's a great assets. So we would be very happy to stay in a 50:50 JV.
Greg Garland: So I think historical answer is still a good answer for us. So we are not in a hunt for anyone that are for sale today. Yes having said that if we could find the right assets for the right value certainly we would look at it, but none of the ones that are on the market today we are not in a hunt for those.
Kevin Mitchell: If I could just add onto that so as we move into 2017 I think there is a couple of things one is, capital certainly has come down this year. We are guiding to something under $3 billion in 2017. At CPChem as we finished up the cracker in these big projects we get the benefit of that. You get the incremental earnings coming off from these projects. So we think crude cash flow actually starts to build into 2017.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes I think they are still fairly reasonable. I think that returns are going to be just a little lower but as we went back and we back half season with these projects we would still make these investments in refining.
Kevin Mitchell: Blake, this is Kevin. On the drop, so is a 1.3 billion drop, 200 million of that was take back units. So, no cash effect. The other 1.1 was funded with cash, so debt offering by PSXP, that's 10 years to pay for the bulk of the drop transaction.
Kevin Mitchell: No. We do look at them together, Paul. And I think you're right on there in terms of your initial leading comment that overtime certainly the LP that is going to increase, and of course we just done the 1.1 billion,. And while it won't have an immediately, immediate offset at the see COP. Over time, you can expect that the see COP should start to de-lever if you look at the see COP on a standalone basis.
Timothy Taylor: Yes Jeff, this is Tim. Yes, I would say that from a demand standpoint still strong when you look at the numbers on the export side because the length in the US for particularly propane coming out of the US to international markets, so propane hydro plants for instance require a propane pick stock in the Asia, the heating markets and but the challenges has been as energy prices have deeps and narrows really across around the world the arbs on those have come in substantially. From the short term I think we still see good demand. We feel good about that but we look at it and say commercial side, the arb between the US net-back price and the destination price in Europe and Asia is lower than what we would expect long term. So I think when we startup we would expect to see that. That said we are still good underlying demand for the cargoes and the terminal.
Timothy Taylor: Yes, I mean there is infrastructure, there is European interest, Latin American as well and the other thing that is out there of course, the flexibility of crackers to run more LPG in place of NAFTA on top of new petrochemical projects for instance that the propane dehydro that are very specific to propane and then there is continuing growth in the thermal market, the heating market for that as well.
Timothy Taylor: The other thing I would add maybe to that is that there has also been progress, continued progress converting some of the commodity based contracts to fee base and that's helped that a bit as well. So this is really about the three points that Greg talked about that helped drive that improvement.
Timothy Taylor: Doug, I would say I think our view continues to be by delivering steady fee base growth. We can maximize the value of the LP and frankly we think the GP is going to be recognized in that specifically the question to the GP we don't have any immediate plans to do anything with the GP. We are looking at it all the time and we certainly considering option to create value, I think that we know and kind of understand the lifecycle of MLPs and I think that tool on your toolkit being able to adjust the GP to get the optimal capital structure to continue to grow the MLP is very important and it shouldn't be overlooked in that decision process.
Timothy Taylor: I don't even have any immediate plans to IPO or GP if that's the question. It's 100 million, it's relatively small at this point in time.
Timothy Taylor: No. I think that we see value in continuing that. We continue to invest in the midstream so I think there is a growth dimension to that so our view is that we continue to develop the pipeline of projects, grow that business, get the good value from the MLP and whole midstream business, Paul. So it's really that commitment to getting that size and then just looking beyond that is to continue to grow.
Timothy Taylor: Yes Paul and I think about this really not been equipment and engineering particularly. It's really been on the construction side and productivity. So the labor input to get the work done has gone up as we have seen less skilled crafts. Each contractor has a different set of workforce. We have been, I think the contrast is that polyethylene use pretty much complete on time on budget as we talked about in the second quarter of next year. The cracker we struggled a bit more and really the challenge now that we risen to really as owners is to reorganize working with the contractor the work front for additional resources from the owners as well as CPChem on that to really improve that productivity and so we are starting to see better progress here as a result of that but that's really what’s left is to finish the construction.
Timothy Taylor: Yes, Neil this is Tim. I think fundamentally we just look at the market and I have seen recently we have seen both crude product inventories in the US start to come down that's encouraging but it's got a long way to go. It would be our view. So we think that fundamentally it's kind of weaker outlook when you think about the products and the crude spread and the crack margins on the business. And Neil the comment I would make is, if you look at the forward curves, it's different than last year. You are seeing less carry and so I think that we readjusted going in the fourth quarter probably not as much in -- as it was last year to continue to produce a higher rates in the northern hemisphere as a seasonally weak time. So I think growing constructively continue to get those inventories down required both on the crude and product side to structurally change that and then I think seasonally you should expect that as the US demand really you look out this looks pretty good right now in terms of the carry still not a strong crack. Gasoline weaker than it has been and I think that reflects what we see as the seasonally normal driving season and the real outlet piece of it this is you get turn around right now. Those come out and then you got to turn to export markets to absorb the excess or there will be some talk of utilization decreased the balance of the markets. But that's really what's required as more balancing.
Timothy Taylor: Yes. Ryan, this is Tim Taylor. The primary driver on the, we should get 10% to 20% off than what we had thought originally in the 2018 run rate. Most of that was the commodity and the primary variance would be the orb on the LPG exports that we were expecting at the time when, back when crude was $2 to $100. And so, that's come off by truly narrow that are being. So, that's a piece of that. So, your view on energy going forward, it's really important when you think about what's the LPG price in the US and what's the alternative values around the world. So, I think that if you're viewing energy, it strengthens in that should widen those our job. But that's essentially the biggest driver and then that was where most of the commodity exposure came. PREP 2. And then the other part of the reduction is we did differ PREP 2, the content safe pipe from the Eagle Ford and those were essentially fee based earnings but that was not commodity exposed the bulk of that reduction related to that commodity.
Timothy Taylor: I think we demonstrated we can access the capital markets in 2016. That’s kind of the pace we need to be at to achieve the 1:1 level by 2018, at least run rate EBITDA by 2018. So, I think we're confident that we can execute the plan. The markets will be there for us and so just be on that. We like the profile we have with the master limited partnership. We like the backlog of projects that we're constructing. We like the existing EBITDA is still left that's droppable. So, I just, I look at all that and say 1:1 is really doable.
Timothy Taylor: Paul, as I alluded to earlier, we're seeing pretty good demand when we look at Europe. The demand growth there and the crude divs has certainly improved their competitive positions. So, when we look at for instance a Humber, we see, that’s it’s much more competitive that it was say when a wide dis for in the US. So, I think it reflects opportunities to continue to export Europe, more competitive cost bases. And then we're seeing relatively good demand there. And in Asia we're seeing recent strengthening whether be in chemicals or even in the fuels business, so it feels like Asia seems to be on the upswing in the kinds of markets that on the transportation side for instance in consumer market, we're seeing that same kind of thing is helpful approve. And we had a fairly high turnaround season I think in China. And that's coming back. So, I think that that supply may impact that. But generally Asia feels better than it did probably, three four months ago.
Timothy Taylor: No. I -- we've looked. It really doesn't feel like that. I mean, I think you always going to think about the incremental values. But really as a system and the way we look to competitiveness, we still see that European North, and Eastern US is one of the most challenge market areas. But I think it fundamentally has not changed the way that we look at the business on that.
Timothy Taylor: Well, I think sulphur continues to tighten overtime. We're seeing sufficient markets that take some of the higher sulphur products but that's diminished and people continue to invest that Paul. But I think that's more gradual conversion. There still seems to be a plenty large enough market sync out there to absorb that. Even as I made the adjustments in the marine part of the business etcetera to manage that through blending or through other markets that can absorb that.
Timothy Taylor: I think, we kind of look like everyone. We look at everything that's out there. I think our assessment is, the values are still relatively high aspiration levels are high. We did three smaller transactions at PSXP level in the quarter or I guess one will close in this quarter but so I think that we will look at everything that's out there. There is nothing big that I see at this point on the horizon for us. We still have a great organic portfolio of opportunities to invest in and this still makes sense for us to invest at 6 or 7 build multiple and trade that up versus paying 15 or 20 times or something out there.
Timothy Taylor: No. I don't think our view is, we haven't seen the valuation come down and I think, I am kind of the view right now is that I think Permian is going to be more challenging in the future than it has been in the past and that existing assets strictly poised is probably going to be more valuable in the future than it is today.
Timothy Taylor: Yes probably so, you could try the right acquisition but same thing I think we still have the ability to grow our portfolio, to hit our targets that we have laid out there for folks and feel comfortable we have got that opportunity portfolio in front of us well on hand.
Timothy Taylor: Yes. I think it is the real push, the heavy shower, medium shower that's really if you have got that capacity that's the most competitive and then the mid comp it's very seasonal in the summer goes short, winter goes long. So I think that's a place we see a light suite and that the balance comes into play there and you are seeing the market kind of respond to data. It's a well supplied market so I think it's the usual things around the Atlantic basement and just that light suite complex that's out there with the crude side with narrow differentials.
Timothy Taylor: And there is always a seasonal impact. The fourth and the first quarter typically weaker with the stronger driving season. So if the inventories stay in balance it kind of sets up for that that. So there is the inherent seasonality cycle that comes on the rebounding side but I think generally our view would be that probably a bit low mid cycle but hopefully better with the stronger summer season as next year.
Timothy Taylor: Yes. So just to be clear the crackers at Cedar Bayou the derivative polyethylene units are down at Sweeny and so two existing operation. So the polyethylene plants will be starting up in advance several months in front of the cracker. Now if it gets to the cracker you will be starting up utility systems steam those kind of things energizing but you really need the furnaces and the whole cracker in operation before you get production. So it's really the issue derivatives first then the cracker, but within the cracker there are number of systems that start to come up in advance of the hydro carbon into for the feed system.
Timothy Taylor: Second quarter is what we looking at schedule and everything we are seeing. So that's still the good time for mechanical completion.
Timothy Taylor: Faisel, when you think about the size of MLP to-date and it would be – it's hard to carry a multi-year, multi-billion dollar project there even though it makes sense. So I think as the partnership get bigger we are going to shift more and more of the CapEx to the partnership and you have seen that this year with additional acquisitions, organic builds on the Bayou bridge pipe etcetera. So I think that's the progression overtime. But we can look at it as total midstream business and what’s the right way to drive the project that creates value for the company and then you can decide if you will the financing between the two. But I think longer term we would like to see the partnership doing more and more there.
Timothy Taylor: No, it's still in that range. I mean a lot of what we have done to-date in the partnership has been existing systems that are really related to our infrastructure and our refining and the existing midstream business. And as you go forward with as Phillips 66 built additional projects, some of the new things like the Bayou bridge pipe, if we already end up there fractionation is through third party. So that's where that shift begins to get where you start to drive it up, where you have a more balanced portfolio between internal PSX and third party income that's in the midstream and the MLP space.
Timothy Taylor: We are still impacted on the west coast with the pipeline outage. It's not – we have made progress through getting more crude incrementally in the Santa Maria via truck but not via rail. That's been a very difficult permitting process, so we continue to work that but it's all over the west coast any type of rail facility has really struggled from that permitting process. So ruling the pipe back in operation and we will continue to work that incrementally but it’s still an impact in terms of our west coast operations that reduction that we are seeing say roughly 10,000-15,000 barrels a day of incremental capacity that's still a burden so to speak because we can't fully utilize our Bayou Santa Maria system.
Timothy Taylor: Well, I think longer term we always have to look at that but right now we still think it will eventually get that supply back. It's just the question of when. So we want to run that as a system when we do that.
