Greg Garland: Okay, Jeff. Thank you. Hey, good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining the call today. In the fourth quarter, we had adjusted earnings of $1.3 billion or $2.94 per share. For the year, adjusted earnings were $2.5 billion or $5.70 per share. We delivered record results in Midstream, Chemicals, and Marketing and Specialties, demonstrating the strength of our diversified portfolio. For the third quarter in a row, we saw improved Refining performance. Looking ahead, we are optimistic about the outlook for our business. In 2021, our employees exemplified the company’s values of safety, honor and commitment. Our 2021 combined workforce total recordable rate of 0.12 was more than 25 times better than U.S. manufacturing average. Last year, our strong cash flow generation allowed us to invest $1.9 billion back into the business, returned $1.6 billion to shareholders and paid down $1.5 billion of debt. The 2022 capital program of $1.9 billion reflects our commitment to capital discipline. Approximately 45% of our growth capital this year will support lower carbon opportunities, including Rodeo Renewed. As cash flow improves further, we will prioritize shareholder returns and debt repayment. In October, we increased the quarterly dividend to $0.92 per share. We remain committed to a secure, competitive and growing dividend. We would like to resume share repurchases this year and on our path towards getting back to pre-COVID debt levels over the next couple of years. We are taking steps to position Phillips 66 for the long-term competitiveness. Across our businesses we are assessing opportunities for permanent cost reactions. Mark and Kevin are leading this initiative, and we will provide additional details on the first quarter call in April. We are committed to a lower carbon future, while continuing to deliver our vision of providing energy and improving lives around the globe. We announced targets to reduce greenhouse gas emissions intensity last year. By 2030, we plan to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by 30%, and Scope 3 emissions by 15% compared to 2019 levels. So, with that, I will turn the call over to Mark to provide some more details.
Greg Garland: I will be happy to do that. I mean, I don’t think we really changed from our view of $6 billion to $7 billion. Of course, it’s nice to see $6 billion of cash last year. It just happened to occur in different buckets that you might expect from a traditional cycle. So I think we have been signaling in the last couple of months. We are pretty constructive on the Refining business coming into 2022. And if you think about the rest of the businesses, they have actually performed at or better than mid-cycle all through the pandemic in 2020 and into 2021. We remain pretty constructive on those businesses coming into 2022 at all. So really, for us, a wildcard has really been Refining and when has Refining recovered back to something approaching a mid-cycle. But just to remember how it all builds up on an EBITDA basis kind of $4-ish billion in Refining, kind of $2 billion in Midstream, $2 billion in Chemicals and $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion in Marketing and Specialties, it pushes you to something like $9-ish billion of EBITDA, which translates to $6 billion to $7 billion of cash. And so I think we are pretty comfortable that we are kind of still in that range. Obviously, we have had some outperformance. I mean, last year, all driven by great operations, fundamentally good control of their costs and then super margins. Our Marketing and Specialties businesses, which we typically would say is, a $1.5 billion, $1.6 billion business was $2 billion. And of course, we have been investing in adding retail our joint ventures. But I think it’s really great execution on the operations side, particularly in the U.S., but also in our European operations, where we saw good volumes, good margins across that. And so I would say that we are probably on the upside of that. So given $6 billion to $7 billion of cash flow, our first dollar is always going to go to sustaining capital, that’s $1 billion, dividend is $1.6 billion and then that leaves room for us. We can signal that the capital budget is going to be $2 billion or less, so we are $1.9 billion for this year. That’s a deliberate signaling that for this year or next year, we are going to be very constrained on capital, that frees us up to pursue some debt repayment and get back to share repurchases, while doing a little bit of growth. And so I think we make that all balance as we think about that. Now Kevin or Jeff, if you want to add to that, please step in or more…
Greg Garland: Well, we have always said the gating factor is getting cash flows back to something approaching a mid-cycle and making a dent in the debt repayment. So I think coming into April, we are going to pay another $1.5 billion-ish of debt off in April as it comes due. So that’s $3 billion of the $4 billion. We have made a big dent in that. So I think that kind of post-April, that’s why I said that, I would be disappointed if by midyear, we are not back in a share repurchase mode at our company.
Greg Garland: So let me just take a high level and then I will let Bob come in and talk about it since it’s his business. But if you look 2012 through 2019, we kind of averaged about $5.25 billion in terms of total turnaround expense. And there’s -- we did push some of 2020 and 2021 into 2022. I think probably a lot of the people did that in the industry as we were trying to conserve cash and protecting the balance sheet. So it’s a big number, Phil, there’s no question. But I will let Bob speak to the specifics and what we are doing there.
Greg Garland: Yeah. Well, I think, we are kind of back to the question on Refining and when does Refining get to mid-cycle cracks? I mean, in 4Q, we are 11.60 realized cracks. So, I mean, that’s the highest quarterly crack that we have seen in Refining since the fourth quarter of 2018. So there are some things that are in that number, obviously. But as we look coming into 2022, where constructive supply and demand, there’s been a lot of supply that’s come off the market, we think there’s new supply coming on, but it’s going to be staged. It’s not all going to hit when people think it’s going to hit because it always takes longer to come on. So from that standpoint, we are constructive on the demand side. What we see with each successive wave of COVID, the impacts to demand are less and less, and so I am not sure when that moment in time as we transition from pandemic to endemic, but that could happen next year. But regardless, we see the demand impacts less and less from each successive wave of COVID. Prior to the current variant, we were seeing gasoline demand kind of back at 2019 levels. There’s disciplined demand above 2019 levels. Jet was recovering nicely. So as we move into 2022, we are constructive around the demand side. We talked about the turnaround activity and what impact that could have ultimately on utilizations and so we just see everything balancing out towards -- we get back towards more of a mid-cycle crack in Refining. And so, once we get Refining there, I think, we feel pretty comfortable that we are going to have sufficient cash flow, cover our sustaining capital, our dividend, pay down some debt, get back share repurchases and fund the growth program that we have this year, which is about $900 million in growth. Kevin, if you want to add anything to that.
Greg Garland: I think we paid $3 billion of the $4 billion that we borrowed during 2020 down. I think that demonstrates our commitment to paying down debt and returning the balance sheet over a couple of year period to something that resembles kind of pre-COVID levels, let’s say, $12 billion on a consolidated basis. So, I think, we are pretty comfortable in that construct, Roger.
Greg Garland: As Bob pointed out, if the Europeans are running more sweet crude, it kind of widens that sour sweet dip, which is beneficial to us. The utilization comes off on those refineries because they can’t afford to run. That’s good for the U.S. as well, because we will be able to export products to Europe. So it would be good for our businesses as well.
Greg Garland: Well, the profitability between Q3 and Q4 has strengthened. There’s a lot of things to think about when you are thinking about the renewable diesel margins, you have to think about feedstock, the renewable diesel price, the credits. You have to think about logistics. So there’s a lot of pieces to it. We will have a linear program for renewables as well. The key to renewable production is finding as many feedstocks, as many suppliers as you can and having the logistics to get it to the plant, which is what we have been working on. We have set up a global organization to do that and we are working hard. In renewable diesel, the key for us is getting the renewable diesel to the end-user. That’s the key to keep more of the margin that way. So in part, our purchase of our commercial fleet fueling business was enabled that to -- for us to get some of that product to end users. You will continue to see those type of things. We have taken all the stores in California that we have, and we have converted those renewable diesel as well. So we are going to have much renewable diesel as we can to the end-user and we are going to have as bigger feedstock slate as we can for the plant and we will optimize through our linear program.
Greg Garland: I guess, just another key learning is how you get through that process and navigate that process in California.
Greg Garland: Yeah. You are exactly right. There’s a lot of noise in 4Q and it is -- there are -- we still have all the people in the fourth quarter, because we worked through redeploying some and all that. So we had costs in the fourth quarter, and obviously, no volume to go in the first quarter. So we will see those costs trend off very quickly in the first quarter. On a dollar per basis -- barrel basis in the Gulf Coast, all our refineries are on base costs, ex-turnarounds are about the same cost per barrel. So you won’t see a big change in that metric. But the absolute cost, controllable costs in the Gulf Coast will go down.
Greg Garland: Okay. Paul, I think, you are up to five questions now, but I will try my best to -- at least I will answer one by one, how about that? So, first of all, we -- I mean, historically, we have used $1.5 billion to $2.5 billion is growth CapEx. So I think that for many reasons, the need to be structured around debt repayment and get back to share repurchases. We purposely signaled total CapEx budgets of $2 billion or less for this year and kind of next year. We will see what happens going forward. But I do think we want to get the balance sheet back to something over the next two years approaching pre-COVID, so call it, $12 billion. We are going to get back to share repurchases. I mean, we have been on share repurchases and it’s time to step back into those. And so, I think, for all the right reasons, we want to keep capital constrained across the portfolio over the next couple of years. And to your [Audio Gap] we just don’t think those investable opportunities that will hit our return hurdles are going to be there in the next two years in the Midstream business. And we will see where renewables goes and where renewables takes us. But right now, the biggest project in front of us is Rodeo Renewed circa $850 million project. So, I mean, that in itself is almost a megaproject by any standard. So I think there’s still big things going on around the portfolio in terms of growth and then you add on CPChem and the two megaprojects they are looking at. So there are certainly lots of growth still around the portfolio, allows us to be very structured about how we think about capital allocation. But to your point, the whole idea is to free up more cash for debt repayment and getting back into share repurchases. Kevin, if you want to take DCP, I will let you take it.
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone. In the fourth quarter, we had strong earnings from Midstream, Chemicals and Marketing and Specialties, and we saw continued recovery in Refining profitability. We made progress advancing our growth projects, as well as taking strategic actions to position Phillips 66 for the future. In Midstream, we began commercial operations of Phillips 66 Partners, C2G Pipeline at the Sweeny Hub construction of Frac 4 is 50% complete and we expect to begin operations in the fourth quarter of this year. CPChem is investing in a portfolio of high-return projects growing its asset base, as well as optimizing its existing operations. This includes growing its normal alpha olefins business with a second world-scale unit to produce 1-hexene, a critical component in high-performance polyethylene. CPChem is also expanding its propylene splitting capacity by 1 billion pounds per year with a new unit located at its Cedar Bayou facility, both projects are expected to start up in 2023. CPChem continues to develop two world-scale petrochemical facilities on the U.S. Gulf Coast and in Ras Laffan, Qatar. In addition, CPChem completed its first commercial sales of Marlex Anew Circular Polyethylene, which uses advanced recycling technology to convert difficult to recycle plastic waste into high quality raw materials. CPChem successfully processed pyrolysis oil in a certified commercial-scale trial and is targeting annual production of 1 billion pounds of circular polyethylene by 2030. During the year, we began renewable diesel production at the San Francisco Refinery and continued to progress Rodeo Renewed, which is expected to be completed in early 2024 subject to permitting and approvals. Upon completion, Rodeo will initially have over 50,000 barrels per day of renewable fuel production capacity. The conversion will reduce emissions from the facility and produce lower carbon transportation fuels. In Marketing, we acquired a commercial fleet fueling business in California providing further placement opportunities for Rodeo renewable diesel production to end-use customers. Additionally, our retail marketing joint venture in the Central region acquired 85 sites in December, bringing the total to approximately 200 sites acquired in 2021. These sites support long-term product placement and extend our participation in the retail value chain. Our Emerging Energy Group is advancing opportunities in renewable fuels, batteries, carbon capture and hydrogen. We recently signed a technical development agreement with NOVONIX to accelerate the development of next-generation materials for the U.S. battery supply chain. We own a 16% stake in the company, extending our presence in the battery value chain. In December, we entered into a multiyear agreement with British Airways to supply sustainable aviation fuel produced by our Humber Refining -- Refinery beginning this year. For 2022, we will execute our strategy with a focus on operating excellence and cost management. We will do our part to advance the lower carbon future, while maintaining discipline capital allocation and an emphasis on returns. Now, I will turn the call over to Kevin to review the financial results.
Mark Lashier: So I will take the shot at the first one. So the Humber Refinery entered into this deal to supply sustainable aviation fuel to British Airways. It’s a small volume. We don’t run a lot of renewable feedstock at Humber yet. We are working on a lot of things in Humber to reduce the carbon intensity of the fuels that come from that plant. So we entered into this with British Airways really to get the partnership going and to understand their needs and they can understand what we can do and we can grow this business over time and be a good supplier. We are supplier to British Airways anyway. So this just kind of extends our reach there. So it’s not large and material yet, but it really signals that in Europe with British Airways that we are going to expand that business as we expand our ability to run used cooking oils and other renewable feedstocks in Humber.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. I think the big difference is, there’s not the regulatory incentives there for SAS yet. We think they will come, but we also see airlines making commitments and so there’s a demand pull for SAS out there that we will work to supply. But to shift that optimization wholesale away from renewable diesel into SAS there has to be a financial incentive, but it is sort of a co-product at this point that we can make commitments on.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. And I think it’s just the nature of how the market is going to work. When you think about the airline business, I mean, their only option today to decarbonize the sustainable aviation fuel. We don’t think hydrogen is going to work in planes. Batteries aren’t going to work in long-haul planes. And so, I think, they are anxious to work with the industry in developing sustainable aviation fuels and I think what you are going to see is going to be contractual relationships developed so that they have access to the molecules that are going to be there.
Bob Herman: Yeah. I think, Greg, hit on it pretty good. The last couple of years were going to be lower turnaround years anyway with this 2022 always going to be a bit of a larger turnaround. We have got two refineries, both Ferndale and Billings, and when they take their turnaround their entire facility turnaround, they are coming, you see -- you kind of got to go back five years to find them in the cycle. So that causes a little bit of lumpiness in it. And then, to your second question, I really -- we would agree that a lot of people managed their turnarounds and maintenance work out of 2020 and 2021. Some of that’s running the lower utilizations. We made our catalyst in hydro traders and hydrocrackers that last longer, so were able to stretch those runs. We put a lot of work into making sure we could do it from a mechanical integrity standpoint. But now those things are coming due, right? You can’t do that forever, and for us this year, it’s a pretty heavy lift across the system. And I suspect we are not the only ones that are going to see that.
Bob Herman: Sure. So, as you may know, Needle Coke is used to make graphite electrodes, which internally is used production of steel, electric arc furnaces, which are actually a cleaner technology than blast furnaces and we use Needle Coke also to make anodes for lithium-ion batteries. The past two years, we have seen a weaker Needle Coke market with steel producers running off high inventories. But we do see some slow strengthening last this -- end of this year, last year and this year as well. If you listen to steel production, which is a leading indicator, they had a record year last year, even as Needle Coke markets lagged, because of the high inventories. The market seems to have mixed opinions about steel production this year. Some steel producers think it will continue to increase, some think it will come off. Either way, we have seen good demand from both steel producers and anode producers, and we expect that market to continue to gradually increase. We think with the refinery utilization coming back up and lower graphite electrodes that it will be a slightly strengthening market.
Bob Herman: Yeah. This is Bob. I think that’s absolutely right. We look at what goes on in our operations and we have got a very complex and strong refinery over there in the impact of high natural gas prices on us and then we translate that to some of the simpler refineries in Central Europe. It’s got to be really tough for them to be making money right now and I am sure we are going to see that. We know that clean product yield out of a bunch of those refineries is down, because they are not buying hydrogen or buying natural gas to make hydrogen to hydrotreat, because we see the high sulfur stuff showing up in the market, which is somewhat good for us. It’s putting pressure on the sour crudes, which will be good for us in the long-term. So I think high natural gas prices are going to continue for a while in Europe and it is really going to strain kind of that bottom quartile of refiners that are left.
Bob Herman: I might add to that that being able to operate 250 out there on renewable feedstocks instead of hydrocarbon-based feedstocks has really given us a good opportunity to -- for the operators and staff to learn, because it is very different and it runs different than there are different characteristics to handling it and getting it in the unit and dealing with it. So it’s been a great warm-up for us for the Rodeo Renewed project that’s yet to come and just, I think, raises our confidence level and our ability to be able to run really hard right out of the gate with that unit.
Bob Herman: Yeah. So we started up the unit after the last turnaround on basically clean soybean oil. And since, and Brian mentioned it earlier, we have been able to establish pathways. So in California, you run new feedstocks, you get provisional CI number for them and then you have to go through, I’d say, a pretty lengthy bureaucratic process to qualify your other feedstock. So since we have done that, we have been able to qualify not only the soybean oil, but the distillers corn oil, we are working on. We have gotten a pathway on canola oil. I think that’s yet -- that process will keep repeating itself as we find more and more feedstocks ahead of Rodeo Renewed coming up in 2024 or early 2024, that really allow us to take advantage of the lower CI material right away.
Bob Herman: Yeah. Doug, I think, we have seen a total of about 4.5 million barrels a day of Refining rationalization that’s been announced and much of that has already occurred. When you look at last year, it was the first year in at least 30 years where there was more capacity rationalized out of the global fleet than there was capacity added and so we are seeing that benefit. As we look forward, there’s still pressure with higher natural gas prices in Europe on that -- those unit’s profitability. So we see that continuing to occur. We have also seen COVID delays, challenges getting labor into execute new capacity additions, so they are getting spread out. We have seen a reduction of capital spending and concerns over energy transition. So it’s definitely impacting the supply side of the equation and we are seeing demand come back. As Greg mentioned, gasoline was above 2019 levels before this recent COVID hit, diesel comfortably above, jet’s been coming back aggressively and so we think jet demand by late this year could be back at 2019 levels as well. So the demand’s still in the system and the supply is more constrained than what we have seen historically.
Bob Herman: Yeah. And we are seeing. I -- all I can tell you is, we continue to work really well with our partner on our joint venture, WRB for Wood River and Border. As you pointed out, it’s been a very good partnership since 2007, stood the test of time. They seem to like us as an operator. They have been a great partner to work with and give us good insights on things and their world has changed. But for now, we continue to work together to run WRB and invest in those two facilities as needed both of them.
Bob Herman: Yeah. I think that maybe, and Mark, if you want to add on to this, but if you think about Humber, and even once we get Rodeo Renewed. There is a certain part of the yield that’s going to be sustainable aviation fuel and I think the challenge for us is how do we think about that yield, how we push that yield structure to make more sustainable aviation fuel in the future.
Bob Herman: And the only difference is in overseas in our Hamburg plant, the reason we were able to make that deal is because that scheme, the European scheme is different from the U.S. scheme, which treats renewable diesel, renewable gasoline and renewable jet fuel the same. So that was why that deal was done there and that’s why deals haven’t been done in the United States yet. But we expect that as part of the Build Back Better plan, that we will get some incentive and over time, we will either get more incentive or airlines we will make commitments to pay more for the SAF.
Bob Herman: Sure. I think on the build versus buy in Chemicals, I think, that we at CPChem level, they have always scanned the horizon, looking for opportunities to acquire assets, but it’s an environment that’s tough to acquire. Things are really highly valued and they have got a long history of organic growth through true partnerships and been very successful in doing that. And that’s what’s driving both the U.S. Gulf Coast II project and the ROPP project. And we are looking forward to an FID on U.S. Gulf Coast II mid-summer, late summer timeframe this year. We are taking a tough look at the economics to make sure that it meets the economic hurdles that we have in place, but we are optimistic that it well -- will, but we are working with EPC contractors now to develop that whole package to bring forward. And then the ROPP project is about a year later. It’s already cleared front-end engineering design and so it’s well on its way to an FID sometime next year. So we continue to see opportunities organic that are more attractive than any acquisition opportunities in the Chemical space.
Kevin Mitchell: No. I think that’s very complete. Just in terms of the debt pay down detail, we have a $450 million term loan maturity in April. We have $1 billion notes maturing in April and we intend to take care of both of those at maturity, and then what happens after that, we just have flexibility. We still have other callable debt available if we need to. But we will -- with that taken care of and if cash flows back at mid-cycle levels, we would have a lot of flexibility.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. Doug, I think, it’s really a -- it is a bit of a balancing, trying to meet multiple priorities. So we think about an optimum capital structure in terms of cost of capital, right? So too little debt is increasing cost of capital and so you have got that component to it. We have got other opportunities that we want to be able to fund. And bear in mind also that, as we are growing the business and we are seeing that in the non-Refining segments, as we are growing the business, we are actually, we are effectively strengthening our overall financial condition, because on a debt-to-EBITDA basis, we are continuing to improve from that standpoint. And obviously, we don’t like the fact that we weren’t buying shares at $40, but that was -- we were not in a position to do so and so we had to just accept that. And so it’s really around finding that optimum capital structure that will give us sufficient flexibility through the cycle, albeit you have always got more flexibility. The lower the debt balance, obviously, that provides added flexibility. But at what cost is that? And so it’s having the optimum structure to where we have got adequate flexibility. We can be -- stick with our sort of capital allocation framework, so 60% reinvestment in the business, 40% cash returns to shareholders between the dividend and buybacks over an extended time period, recognizing that year-over-year that will fluctuate. So it’s really just trying to balance through all of that. I am not sure going too much further down on debt than our sort of stated objectives, is going to bias a whole lot in that context. So I still feel pretty good with how we are laying out our objectives.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. It does, Theresa. So the $404 million includes the $230 million. It applies to the full year. And so if you think about my additional comment was, if you think about that in terms of the quarter, as you could say, three quarters of that $230 million would apply to the first three quarters of the year and if you are doing any kind of normalization around that.
Kevin Mitchell: Hi, Manav. It’s Kevin. Just on the D&A, we did as you suspected, associated with the alliance conversion, we impaired some assets that flows through the D&A line. So that is one-time in nature.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. Paul, on the deferred revenue, it’s basically the variance quarter-over-quarter equates to the deferred revenue essentially. So that is the way to think about it. But I would say, with deferred revenue, that is no, I don’t think of that as a sort of one-time item, because the nature of those contracts on the pipelines, we are either going to get the volumes and the revenues recognized as you get the volumes or if there’s a shortfall in volumes, we still collect the cash and then we have makeup rights, or ultimately, recognize the deferred revenue. So that’s a phenomena that you see going period-to-period. So it’s not a -- I don’t think it as a true inventory impacts both in the midst -- we have inventory impacts every period. And that’s not something we typically quantify unless it was excessively large in terms of the impact. So we typically don’t quantify those.
Kevin Mitchell: Thanks. So, Paul, I mean, you are right that with DCP, we are looking at, you take out all the hedging noise, you are probably a $50 million, $60 million per quarter of earnings generation and a pretty consistent distribution that comes along with that. While you could say, we are structurally challenged. It’s been a JV we have had in place for over 20 years. It’s been a very successful JV. The ownership has changed with -- as the owners -- with the M&A type activity over that time period. But nonetheless, it has continued to be successful for us. It does give us some nice integration through our own Midstream business. So DCP volumes, we jointly own the Santel SunHills pipelines with DCP and NGL volumes through that system come into Sweeny and into our fracs and so we have the benefit of that integration. So while a different structure might be a more efficient way of looking at that business, it’s not something that we have to get done. There’s nothing compelling that tells us we must have a different solution. And the reality is when you get into these kind of arrangements that have been placed for a long period of time, it can be pretty hard to exit for any party when you look at the tax considerations and all of that. So it’s a little bit like the Synovus question earlier. We actually feel that the JV has been very successful. It does what we want it to do and we will take it from there. We are always open to alternatives as we are with most of our portfolio, but it’s continued to work well for us.
