Greg Garland: Yeah, Evan, I look at it from our commercial standpoint it creates some opportunities around that. So it’s one of the things that have opened up opportunities with that. I think longer term it just speaks to still a lot of expected recovery and with the inventory building it seems like that’s going to be something that kind of keeps the market in a bit of a [indiscernible], with this much contango I think we still look for a fairly, I’d say fluent and soft market for crude going forward.
Greg Garland: Sure. Well so first of all we like DCP, we think it’s a great asset. We continue to think that the NGL value chain is going to be a very attractive chain to us. This venture is going on 15 years. We value with the partnership, with spectrum that we have here. And by the way, this isn’t the first we’ve seen commodity prices go down in this business. So, we aware of these crisis before if you want to call it that. I think that if you start with just self help, first of all the DCP team is doing a great job. They’re focusing on running the asset safely and reliably and that builds value by doing that. I think [indiscernible] and his team are doing a great job in terms of pulling in levers they can pull. Aggressive cost reduction, aggressive reductions in capital. In 2014, DCP level were circling around $1.6 billion, we probably had $800 million out of that in 2015. So, significant reductions in capital spending. The owners have agreed to forego distributions coming out of DCP in this low commodity price environment. That said, if NGL stay at $0.55, that probably doesn’t fix DCP for 2015. And the owners are, I would say we’ve had on going and we’re still talking about restructuring options for DCP, but clearly important asset is one that we’ll get fixed and it will weather the storm.
Greg Garland: I think given the forward curve, our view though is storage continues to fill out to it full. And I guess the other complicating issue that’s always hard to get your arms around is - how much refinery maintenance is really going to happen but it looks like we’re heading into a fairly heavy spring refinery turnaround season, which is going to put its own pressures on prices and debts.
Greg Garland: Yeah, Jeff, when you look at the fourth quarter clearly feedstock prices continue to fall faster than product price. So you got to look both the demand side as well as the feedstock cost. I think product prices are likely to respond a bit more as we go forward, but still fairly good operating rates and pretty good demand in the chemical business particularly in the U.S. So pretty strong market here, but we would expect that as you go forward that the feedstock got derivative price with narrow somewhat, but still expect the pretty good year in chemicals from a historical perspective. In terms of the cost curve, it’s actually simplistically, yes, the gap between ethane is narrowed, but fundamentally because of the total chain margin ethane is still very preferred for us in the U.S. as we maximize the value of the cracking slates. So I think that has a longer term impact which helps to bring those margins in. But again we look at the demand side and still see a lot of upside with that in the U.S. And then if you look at the - what could happen in the U.S. - the world economy with lower crude price as we think that’s a good boost for demand on the chemical side as well. So I think there is a lot of demand side support with that so again we are still expecting pretty good year on chemicals.
Greg Garland: Well on the secondary products, I mean, clearly as the crude price falls, the losses on the secondary products that those product prices don’t move. So we got quite a bit more value uplift, so to speak, on the secondary products and that was a big factor in the capture rate improvement. So that’s kind of that dynamic that worked, so just lower feedstock prices helped that typically. On the contango, I look at it really as it’s going to be part of our normal course of business, we’re not changing where we go in terms of our commercial activity, it does create more opportunity for that and I look at it more in that line, but we’re not fundamentally shifting our business model to work off that contango.
Greg Garland: Yeah, the distillate gasoline crack and then - that really drove that and it’s widening based on our opportunities that we had in the fourth quarter.
Greg Garland: Okay. So the - let’s say the wholesale margin between the wholesale to rack differential is really captured in the marketing segment not captured there.
Greg Garland: I would start with 14% net debt to capital. We got $5.2 billion on the cash on the balance sheet. I mean, we thought about this, we plan for this moment, Ed, and so we positioned the company to successfully execute its plans in 2015 and 2016. So I don’t think that we are concerned about it. Our view is that chemicals business is going to be pretty good in 2015 and that will continue to be self funding in 2015. DCP is going to be under some stress and we are talking about what potential solutions we can do for DCP with the partners. So I am just - I am not really concerned about 2015 in cash. We’ve already said we are going to operate 2020 to 30% debt to cap ratio. We are certainly in line with that. We will protect and defend our investment grade rating at PSX that’s important to us as we’ve said many times in the past.
Greg Garland: Well, first of all, let me talk about - let me backed up and kind of finished your first question. One important piece I missed was around distributions to shareholders and so we have been out there consistently saying and expect double digit increases in dividend, that's so good. 40 - 60 capital allocation, we talk a lot about. We remain committed to that. You moved the chemical business, I think people were discounting the impact of $50 crude globally, in terms of economic activity, demand for petrochemical products. In fact we are seeing increased demand for even refined products. And so I think the demands are the equations priorly a little better than what people were thinking in terms of 2015. And so we are seeing fairly robust demand in the U.S for petchems. European kind of moving sideways, Asia had weakened in the fourth quarter, but looks like maybe coming back to us. And so I think that fundamentally demand it’s going to be good for petrochemical products, and there is not a lot of new capacity coming on at 2015. So we’re seeing globally marginally higher operating rates, which directionally should be positive for margins.
Greg Garland: And we do expect some narrowing on that. It’s just really hard to call, because you’ve got this offsetting effect on demand side. So I think that is why we still say, we look at a exceptional year on the margin side with ethylene based cracking in the U.S and it’s probably just going to soften off of that somewhat. So really hard to call how much, but it’s unlikely would fall in unison with the change in the naphtha price.
Greg Garland: No, I think we have a great currency with PSXP and I think with the right opportunity we might be interested in that. Our focus today remains on executing into organic projects and so we will just, I think we will see how the market unfolds here in 2015, but I don’t disagree with the idea that there could be some distressed assets out there in 2015.
Greg Garland: Yeah, I think we’ve looked at it and we’ve really - if you think about our configuration globally we are about 65% light, 35% heavy. We typically optimize a heavy around heavy so it’s a lot harder to make that optimization, takes a lot of dip so we still focus on the light piece in terms of where we’ve been getting capability and I think we would believe that that light opportunity is going to be reemerge a little bit more strongly as the year develops as we see, we would expect this on U.S crudes to come back out reflect more dip. So there's a not just a tremendous amount of flexibility, you can always do some adjustments, but it’s really kind of fixed around that and then we just optimize around that kit.
Greg Garland: Certainly, Paul we look at that from a different - where our functional currencies are in everything and the dollar strengthening as far as looking at it from a global perspective or our international has a slight impact, but not - I wouldn’t say it was an overall significant impact on us.
Greg Garland: So we were up slightly from the third quarter to around the 400,000 barrels a day. We were down from last year. And frankly, just reflected the fact that we had better options for placements in the U.S. it was not really a lack of access or opportunity, it was more, our optimization around where is the best product placement for those products.
Greg Garland: So, [indiscernible] I think about the Gulf Coast from an export platform is our primary vehicle, some of the West Coast as well, but really it’s the Gulf Coast and we just had better so to say inland placement opportunities in the U.S. when we had for exports. So we just always try to add the best value and we just optimized around the highest netback.
Greg Garland: I think we have capacity at CPChem has a pristine balance sheet. And I think, may be - we can certainly go to that.
Greg Garland: The other thing I would say I mean Sweeny team [ph] is heavily levered to LPG fees and we imply would not make the investments to modify facilities to crack more liquids mostly in line with our view the LPG is going to be advantaged over the long-term.
Greg Garland: I think on the distillate in U.S. just keeps going if industrial activity, so with - I think that’s been consistent. I think the surprise upside will be the gasoline piece and what is the consumer response to lower prices are driving, we are seeing early signs that demand has picked up. And so we anticipate with lower prices that you should see some favorable demand impact particularly with the gasoline. I would look at distillate to be a bit more of stable in terms of where it has been versus the gasoline. I think that’s where the real variable would be for us.
Greg Garland: So the crude dist, again we think the crude dist on the U.S. crude should widen, the brent-WTI should widen back out to something reflecting more of the differential. Cushing inventories are building inventories are building really in the U.S. That’s going to put pressure on that and when people look at the import option. So I don’t think that the inter-crude competition so to speak has yet played out. So we expect that to widen which also could have a favorable impact on the business.
Greg Garland: I think you got the governments documents, it takes unanimous consent of the partners taking action around the structure, financial structure of the company.
Greg Garland: There is a [indiscernible] in terms of an exit by one of the parties, but there is no quit call in the agreement.
Greg Garland: They are, when compared to the third quarter was less of a loss, so it’s about $6 in the third quarter and this is about $4 yeah.
Greg Garland: Yeah, I mean I think you’ve got feedstock fast falling faster than the market prices and the finished products and base oil product margins are really set off to a supply demand on that. So, it’s a very similar story to a lot of our business. So, we benefited from really that fall off versus a unison fall in the product price.
Greg Garland: Yeah, I will say that first of all we worked on the denominator, so we have less capital employ and by selling it our EBITDA actually improves in the West Coast.
Greg Garland: If we normalized out and just basically strip all the impact to Melaka our West Coast performance would have been just slightly less than a $300 million loss in the fourth quarter, sorry.
Greg Garland: Yeah, I think directionally it is helpful to us. Some projects are getting pushed or cancelled and that should free up availability. I would say at this point we are more than half way through on track one and we haven’t seen the inflationary pressures that we thought we might see on those projects, particularly quickly around the Freeport/Sweeney area, where there is a lot of work going on. To begin to have some work going on, we have work others in that area have work going on Dell, Freeport et cetera. So I would say that we are executing well in that environment and directionally it should be helpful in terms of: a) schedule; and b) cost.
Tim Taylor: Jeff, it’s Tim. I think fundamentally we’re looking at the options now on the East Coast to what’s the right value, so we’re still bringing in inland crudes by rail but it clearly the advantage is narrowed. So I look the East Coast will think that’s a logical place that you start to see perhaps some adjustment with the values that sit there. And as far as the Gulf Coast probably not quite as much incentive there with all of the inland crude showing up there, but I think fundamentally this increased supply in terms of import options will put pressure on the inland U.S. crudes and that’s why we would expected this on the U.S. piece to come back out from where they’ve been. So I think that’s more of the fundamental, but you are right that they had oversupply but yet it still work its way through the system. On the storage piece with the forward markets, there's a lot of incentive on that and so that’s occurring but at some point that becomes something it’s got to be corrected, so that’s why the inventory overhangs still portends some weakness I think on the flat price.
Tim Taylor: Yeah, so the DAPL, ETCOP line from the Bakken to the Gulf Coast, that piece is going forward. The terms aren’t disclosed successful on projects moving forward. So in terms of construction, engineering, and still looking at the end of 2016 and we are currently in a kind of an extensionalized system from Beaumont terminal east into Louisiana, and so that process is ongoing. And so it’s really too early to comment, but we think that projects still got some good potential as well.
Tim Taylor: Yeah. Sure, Paul. I think that on the contract question the supply side and the frac were in good shape. We got the uptick in the terminal. We have not disclosed the percentages. But we made the comment that the implied capital that these are large independent contract, so we feel very good about the success of that track one in the LPG terminal. So that’s kind of in line with Greg’s comment on the fee-based, the commercial piece is coming together on that pretty nicely.
Tim Taylor: Yeah. So we always hesitate to get too far out in front, but I mean as long as we are trading below in terms of value, we're going to buy shares and share price is low where we are going to buy more, we’ve been pretty consistent about that.
Tim Taylor: On the chemical side, they look at that almost daily and then - things that changes but you got to consider not only the feedstock cost which I think about the marginal contribution in the products that you get. So for CPChem for instance lot of ethylene consumption internally and so that factors into the total contribution. So it’s really an optimization around which feedstock, and then which products and what the pricing and right now there are still - it’s still favors ethylene because of agile to ethylene versus say a propane but that’s something that’s being watched and when that begins to change you can see that switch in the petrochemical industry. So a lot of flexibility there, but it is still hanging pretty tight in the industry basis to ethane right now - that’s an U.S. perspective.
Tim Taylor: Yeah, when I look at the wholesale it’s a business that’s typically very solid, so we are - that’s something we’ve not putting into our thinking perceive we have all the other projects on that. But it is something we could consider so MLP four of that would be an option and so it’s something we’ll continue look at, but it is not really the focus point at this point. But I think as that gets clear and when we see how the opportunity and the market accepts that kind of move then that could be a option for us.
Greg Maxwell: No, I don’t think you put constraints on to all. I think that we did delever coming out of the gate by $2 billion and we did that with great capacity, we saw an opportunity to the lock in some long term debt is what we think is very attractive prices and so we took it. We also have some nodes coming due in 2015 and I think about $800 million. So we are look at that when that comes but we are committed to our 40, 60 distribution capital allocation policy that we laid out a year ago or two years ago. We’ve got a big capital program in front of us in 2015 mostly imply project that we are going I think it’s going to have a lot of value to our midstream business. So we are going to execute that. At the same time continue with the pretty aggressive distribution program to shareholders.
Greg Maxwell: I think as we step back we look at the crude oil pipe in the Bakken, we look at the LPG terminal, we look at track one, those are in quiet, we’ve got some smaller things, under payment good contract. So that is over a $1 billion right there in terms of incremental EBITDA. And so I would say that it probably pushes out perhaps some of that infrastructure, we still like that target, in terms of the EBITDA. But we have - that is a tremendous cooler stuff in play that we have plus, what is left at PSX. So I guess, we looked at 2.3 and say the 2017 or is it pushed out a bit and I think moving parts currently with the change in the U.S. liquids growth, I think we just want the market clarity around those projects. And so I think we are going to close some of that, but a big chunk of that still step that we committed to and underpinned with good contracts and frankly good fundamentals.
Greg Maxwell: Paul, probably the one business where we would see that would be kind of exports on petrochemicals and the competition for export markets, a lower dollar would increase to contingency of Asian manufacturer. So there can be some effect from the dollar just in terms of exports more in those materials markets, but not so much I don’t believe in the fuels.
Greg Maxwell: Well, this thing is up really built that way. This is Greg. We hold the other commodity prices constants when we apply those sensitivity. So you really can’t add those up and come up with an overall sensitivity to a movement in net price or brent-WTI.
Greg Maxwell: We have not. Yeah. So it may overstate the impact of the commodity price movement has on our net income, if you just took the approach of adding all those things up.
Greg Maxwell: Certainly been tight. I think it’s been harder than we had expect, but I think if you look at that, we’ve always said something around $6 to $10 in WTI-brent, that’s probably too large I think.
Greg Maxwell: Yeah, for $15 with where flat prices are. So there is still something that’s got several dollars a barrel advantage $4 to $5 on [indiscernible] it seems makes sense with some discount we would think around LLS as well.
Greg Maxwell: So, I think taken the secondary products first. As the crude price falls, the other products prices can move, they don’t move in unison with crude, so the crude price falls, so if they sell less than crude price then your gap between what you realize in net back and the cost so to speak of the feedstock is down. So it’s not, if the prices here, like LPG prices fell, but not by the same absolute amounts that you actually get an uplift say on that “some of the same things.” So it’s kind of more of the reflection of the feedstock cost moving faster than the product price move and so you have less of a loss on the secondary products. Then, the second product question.
