Tim Taylor: Thanks, Greg. We continued to execute our strategy of enhancing returns, delivering growth, and increasing shareholder distributions. In Refining and Marketing, we are improving margins, enhancing returns by increasing runs, advantaged feedstocks and increasing refined product export capability. In order to supply higher quality, lower cost crude to our refineries, we are improving our logistics infrastructure and developing new sources of crude supply. For example, we are delivering 30,000 to 40,000 barrels per day of advantaged crude to our Bayway refinery by rail. We are also ramping up deliveries of locally produced Mississippian line crude into our Ponca City refinery via pipeline and truck. We expect to receive up to an additional 50,000 barrels per day of this high-quality crude in the Ponca City by the end of 2013. We have also reached agreement with Kinder Morgan to deliver up to 30,000 barrels per day of Eagle Ford crude via a new pipeline connection to our Sweeny refinery in early 2014. All-in-all, by mid 2014, these actions along with others that we are taking are expected to increase our access to advantaged crudes by about 165,000 barrels per day across our domestic refining system. This represents about 9% of our U.S. refining capacity. We also continued to increase clean product export capability through low-cost capital investments in order to meet growing international demand. As part of our ongoing portfolio optimization efforts, we have been evaluating the potential disposition of the 1.2-gigawatt Immingham Combined Heat and Power Plant in North Lincolnshire, England which is adjacent to our Humber refinery. The marketing period could last several months and we'll continue to operate the asset as usual during this period. We remain committed to expanding the Midstream business as part of our strategy to deliver long-term profitable and valuable growth. We have reached agreement in principle to acquire a one-third ownership interest in DCP's Sand Hills and Southern Hills NGL pipelines representing a total estimated investment of approximately $700 million to $800 million. This investment will enable DCP to maintain its growth plan throughout the or through the 2015 time period and these pipelines strategically complement our Midstream and Chemicals businesses. The Sand Hills Pipeline is expected to commence deliveries of NGL from the Eagle Ford shale into Mont Belvieu by year end. DCP recently started the South Texas segment of its Sand Hills NGL pipeline, initially delivering 10,000 barrels per day of liquids from the Eagle Ford to the DCP Partners' Wilbreeze pipeline. The second phase was service from the Permian basin is targeted to be in operation by the second quarter of 2013. The Southern Hills Pipeline project which will extend from the mid-continent region to Mont Belvieu, Texas remains on schedule for completion in mid 2013. In Chemicals, CPChem announced in October that the Saudi Polymers Company world-scale petrochemicals facility in Saudi Arabia began commercial production. CPChem's projects in the U.S. Gulf Coast are progressing as planned, including the proposed ethane cracker and related polyethylene facilities as well as their 1-hexene plant. Finally, we'd like to remind you that we will be hosting our first Philips 66 Analyst Meeting in New York on December 13. We look forward to seeing you there or having you listen to our webcast. This completes our prepared remarks. We'll now open the line for questions.
Tim Taylor: I think when you – this is Tim Taylor, Ed. I think when you look at the Midstream and the fee-based kinds of projects we see returns in the low-double digits to mid-teens. As you think about the Chemicals space, we would plan in the 15 or higher kinds of returns for that and similar kinds of thoughts around the NGL expansions.
Tim Taylor: I think when you look at the chemicals business it’s a global business and the investment thesis really for CPChem has been the focus on advantaged feedstocks. And so it’s gone for Middle East in the early 2000s to really now strong positioning in North America. And so they continued to look at where they can have a competitive advantage in terms of project development on a global basis. So, I think initially still the Middle East, North America arrives to the top, but there is always an interest in Asia as well because of the growth in the market.
Tim Taylor: So, I think really the focus has been on the polyolefins and olefins and ethylene derivatives chain. And there are other options as you began look at other kinds of materials, we have strong presence in the aromatics businesses as well. But right now the biggest opportunities had been really in the olefins part of the chain.
Tim Taylor: Okay. Let me take those a little bit in terms of the market opportunity in the West Coast. They clearly – when we look at the West Coast it’s been one of the more challenged markets from a recovery standpoint post recession. In California, specifically it’s a tough regulatory environment as well, so costs are higher and there is a lot of potential additional cost as new regulations come into effect. That said it’s still a very significant market and we think it’s really important to look at how can we get some of these crudes out of the middle part of the country into the West Coast, particularly California.  So, we’re working hard on that to try and change that Doug.
Tim Taylor: The comment I’d make on Washington is that that’s got a natural access to the Bakken and North Dakota and Canadian crudes.
Tim Taylor: And so I – we kind of separate I think the Washington piece from the California piece that way. But I think everyone is working hard to look at some crude solutions for the West Coast to improve its competitive position.
Tim Taylor: So, when we look at that it’s a significant advantage this quarter. So, we kind of touched on the East Coast which is the Bayway with the ability to bring shale crude into Bayway it’s got a great appetite for it. And the other plays that we are really seeing the change is in the Gulf Coast, where we are seeing the HLS, LLS, and the Brent relationships change and bringing in more domestic light-sweet crudes into that region as well. So, access and supply of domestic light into that region has improved its competitive position.
Tim Taylor: So, that’s Eagle Ford crude moving in from Texas is doing that as well. There is also going to be increasing amounts of WTI moving into that area as well.
Tim Taylor: Via rail today. And then obviously the pipeline logistics infrastructure is changing now with the Cushing to seaway reversal and Cushing connection.
Tim Taylor: Yeah. So, we are actually doing a number of projects at our refineries that are located with access to water. And it makes particularly focused in Gulf Coast and West Coast and so these are typically kinds of pipeline connections, tankage those kind of things that can increase the rates for the availability to load export cargos. From an opportunity standpoint when we look at that it’s really when you look at the Atlantic Basin specifically Latin America and West Africa that today have been the primary opportunities that have developed from standpoint and based on supply-demand balances going forward, we would expect that to continue.
Tim Taylor: Our target would be to go up to 220,000-230,000 barrels a day of export capability and we’re looking to get that done by the end of next year. So, that’s when we talk about low-cost short-term those are – these are relatively minor projects that we can execute quickly.
Tim Taylor: Faisel, we did talk about the connection to the Kinder Morgan crude condensate line that runs close to the Sweeny refinery. So, that’s actually a project or a connector of pipeline that’s relatively short that will be built by Kinder Morgan and so that’s a throughput pipeline connection agreement we have specifically for that. Beyond that, we have talked in the last couple of months about our purchase of railcars to have a very flexible method of delivering these crudes in the developing plays into our refining system. So, there it’s not only the investment in railcars, but it’s also an investment in – around the infrastructure to unload railcars and to load those. And really when we look at our system it’s the ability to unload the railcars when we think about infrastructure logistics that we’re looking at, for instance at Bayway and other refineries as a way to increase the amount of rail that we can take into those various refineries. And so that’s the capital side. And then you we’ve got the commitments in terms from time to time with other third party kinds of logistics providers to make that happen as well.
Tim Taylor: No. Yeah, there is a lot of pipeline expansion and opportunities there and we’re just making sure that we’re looking at all those opportunities.
Tim Taylor: So, Wood River and Borger are both in turnarounds today. We expect those back in operation here in November. And those are major turnarounds. Borger is a very significant one. We do have some operations continuing at Wood River today. So, those are plant turnarounds that we've had and we got smaller turnarounds going on at LA that have some minor impacts in terms of its throughput.
Tim Taylor: I think you’re going to appreciate that prices move around, but on average we would use $2 to $3 a barrel.
Tim Taylor: Yeah, Doug, this is a continuing story and we’ve seen the imports of offshore light sweet diminished particularly in the Gulf Coast. And so I think all of us in that area are looking at that, we’ve very active in this area. So, the increasing supply of these light crudes out of the U.S. ultimately we believe that will displace that waterborne barrel into particularly the Gulf Coast. So, I think our view is that when that happens, that puts additional pressure on the LLS price to be competitive. So, I think that we would continue to expect that there could perhaps be some additional widening on the Brent LLS spread.
Tim Taylor: Sure. I think it's clearly in the ramp-up phase of their operations today, but I think in longer term, I might say steady state basis. We'd kind of look at that to be 10% or so of the CPChem contribution.
Tim Taylor: They have increased, Paul, I can't remember the exact increase, but we are increasing that. And as you can guess, we are continuing to so to speak test the limits and we can go substantially higher. So, I think the challenge for us is to continue to work logistics and get more and more of that into the Bayway refinery.
Tim Taylor: In the past California has been a really good in the marketed times, but right now it is our lower performing. So, I think that if our assessment would become that it’s going to be challenged for some period of time, we’d either go to find the way to improve that operation or function of the way to deal with that.
Tim Taylor: Primarily, Alliance. So, the LLS, HLS, or Alliance it's the predominant part of our crude runs at that facility.
Tim Taylor: Well, I think we certainly see the value that can be created from an MLP. As Greg talked about earlier with fee-based kinds of assets or our transportation logistics assets, we look at that and we say okay we see the value creation. It's got some other challenges so to speak when you did the MLP structure in terms of dilutive to ROCE, dilutive to earnings. And so that's kind of the contribution. It can be depending on how you view it relatively expensive from a financial structure. So, that's part of our deliberation and really where we are focused is on that transportation logistics piece with PSX. The variable MLP is pretty early. We'll wait and see. It's great time right now to have those with distributions, but clearly, they are variable. And I think it will be interesting to see how that works out with the test of time, and I can say that in the petrochemicals side, we really don't have any plans to look at that from a cracking standpoint.
Tim Taylor: Okay. So, we kind of break that, when we look around the world, I would say a great place to be today is in the United States. The demand has been relatively stable. It’s still not what I would call robust, but clearly with the operating rates you are seeing, a great place to be at. I think it speaks to the advantaged feedstock that we have here as well as probably a decent demand from the industrial and manufacturing sector. Europe is weak when we look across the globe. Asia has backed off substantially from what you would have thought a year ago, and frankly part of that stems from the weakness in Europe, because they are still heavily dependent upon trade for their manufacturing. So, I don’t think there is anything surprising there, except that perhaps we look at the base U.S. and say it’s a pretty good market. Latin America is still relatively small, but does okay as well. And then when we think about the export piece that does provide some underpinning if you will for the petrochemical business in the U.S. And so I think as an industry, I still think about it in the 20%, 25% range of petrochemicals being able to be exported or you can do that. So, a lot of optionality there that develops when you got that kind of cost position. The other thing I’d say on CPChem is it’s important to realize that, if you think about their production base in Middle East and their production base in the United States positioned well in the lower – two lowest cost areas in the world in petrochemicals and I think that shows up in the strength of their earnings.
Greg Maxwell: Yeah, Blake, good morning. This is Greg Maxwell. With regard to the nature of the contracts, still in process, but they are pushing more DCP Midstream pushing more towards fee-based contracts. The intent for DCP, their stated intent is to drop their one-third interest into a DPM and having fee-based contracts obviously is a very positive thing for an MLP. With regard to your, I may have spoken too fast with regard to the guidance, the guidance for capital expenditures for the year is in the $1.2 billion to $1.4 billion range, excluding the investment that we would make in Sand Hills and Southern Hills are one-third share. And we estimate that to be in the $700 million to $800 million range. With regard to the structure, we are still working on the structure. We currently anticipate that, that would – we would be acquiring a one-third interest in which it would be a JV-related structure, and so us, Spectra as well as DCP, at this time, would own a one-third interest in the JV structure.
Greg Maxwell: It's two – sort of twofold really Blake. We purchased what turns out to be a little bit more ratably over the third quarter. So, from a weighted average perspective, you won't see the full impact of those purchased shares until we get into really the fourth quarter. On the flip side, the share issuance side, you saw that we lost little ground on a weighted average basis, but a lot of that was tied to the exercise of options from non – primarily from non-PSX or Phillips 66 employees as well as some additional issuances on our long-term stock savings plan. So, that should be more of a one-time event with regard to that. So, a very astute question, we think from an actual end of the quarter perspective, we basically on a basic share perspective stayed roughly even.
Greg Maxwell: Faisel, there are probably some other things that we are working on right now that we just – it will be premature for us to disclose because those contracts haven’t been finalized or the agreements with our counterparties haven’t been flanged up, so there is a lot of work that’s going on in this area. You should expect hearing more as time goes forward. And Tim I don’t know if you want to…
Greg Maxwell: As far as the split, most of that was in the Gulf region and into the East Atlantic basin area as I recall.
Greg Maxwell: Yeah, you’re probably talking with – specifically with the Bayway incident and the terminal I guess Paul…
Greg Maxwell: From a perspective of that, that falls under name windstorm coverage. And as a result, other than a smaller piece in our participation in (Ohio), we do not have any commercial insurance associated with named windstorm coverage. So, as a result, we are basically self-funded.
Greg Maxwell: Yes. We do carry BI insurance, but as you are probably aware, you have to actually take out named windstorm coverage in order to get that associated with any hurricane activity. So, as a result, given the pricing as well as our view of the overall total impact that a hurricane or a named windstorm could have on our operations, we elected not to take out that coverage.
Greg Maxwell: Gulf Coast crude run changes. I had to see if I can get back, it did increase, Alliance was down, so the percentages as a percent of total it impacted that somewhat so…
Greg Maxwell: I think it really, it's still driven off the LLS, the HLS, (Alliance) and so it's probably in the same order of magnitude right now in that area as well.
Greg Maxwell: Paul I’ll address the market question on California. As I said a little bit earlier I think we look at the market and say demand continues to struggle out there as well post-recession and then I think you look more fundamentally at the operating environment and the costs associated with the particularly the environmental regulations and we think that’s going to continue to keep pressure on operations in operating costs out there. So, yeah I’d say that from a California perspective that it is one of the more challenged parts of our portfolio in terms of the basic value equation. So, that’s why we’re still looking at the crude side of it and continuing to stay abreast and then top of what’s going to take to comply the things like AB32 to really maintain your operations out there.
Greg Maxwell: Sure, on the dividend question Paul it’s something that we always look at. And I think that’s evidenced by our 25% increase. Our objective is to go to have a dividend that is competitive. We wanted to be also affordable and we also wanted to grow over time I thank Greg Garland our Chairman his view is he wants to look 10 years down the road in the rearview mirror and say every single year he has a history of 66 increasing our dividend. Having said that we also recognized that we’re in a highly cyclical business and as such one of the one of the ways we’d try complementing returning value back to the shareholders is through our share repurchase program. That gives us some opportunity to basically create a swing – a variable swing in the event that we hit the low point of cycle then we’re able to maybe pull back a bit on that if our cash requirements required it. So, I think from a guidance perspective the intent is for us to look at and get in a pattern of an annual view of our dividend increases and probably take an assessment and raise the dividends if appropriate on an annual basis.
Greg Maxwell: So, I think that we are seeing in the mid-continent, in the Central Corridor. When I look at that, that we have actually seen sustained runs now creeping up a bit, and I think it does speak to consistency to crude slate in some of the mid-continent operations and continuing improvements in our joint venture refinery at Wood River. So, we have seen that there. Bayway has run very well with processed inputs. So, it's not only just crude runs, but additional input as well on in terms of rolling out the units. So, probably I look at the Central Corridor and say we pretty much ran it about as much as we could. We like to get more, because it's got a great margin today. The California refineries, West Coast were again close to their capacity as well. I would say, that's pretty much it for them. And in the Gulf Cost with Alliance is probably our biggest opportunity after the hurricane and the impacts of that to come on back up to full rates. So, we look around our system, the Atlantic Basin and Europe we are right there, the Central Corridor, so that's the only place, where we didn't run pretty close to capacity would be the Gulf Coast. And then I think that's just a matter of getting Alliance line back out.
