Greg C. Garland: Thanks, Clayton. Good morning, everyone. And thanks for joining us this morning. Today, we report out our initial quarterly results since the formation of Phillips 66. We're off to a solid start. The spend transaction was executed flawlessly. We think it's a real tribute to the dedication and the capability of our Phillips 66 employees. We are delivering on the financial and operating results we expected when the company was put together. And I'm really proud of what our employees have accomplished so far and have absolute confidence they will deliver industry-leading value creation. We have a clear strategy for growth, margin expansion and returns enhancement. And we think with the right balance between disciplined reinvestment and shareholder distributions, we expect our return on capital employed to improve over time. Our approach to capital allocation and balances are objectives for earnings growth while returning capital to shareholders. And we're demonstrating our commitment to shareholder distributions with the announcement in June regarding our first dividend, and this morning's announcement of a $1 billion share repurchase program. We feel strongly that our strategy around returns, growth and distributions is the right one for our company, and we have advantaged assets, organizational capability and the opportunity set and commitment to drive differential value creation. As Greg Maxwell reviews our second quarter results, you're going to hear that we operated with excellence, we ran well at high utilization rates and turned in a solid financial performance for the quarter, in what we've described as a positive margin environment. So I'll now turn the call over to Greg, who will take you through our second quarter results.
Greg C. Garland: Yes. So, kind of year-to-date, we've increased our exposure to the TI-linked crudes obviously. 120,000 barrels a day of shale crudes. We've also increased Canadian heavy by about 33%. We're running about 205,000 barrels a day of Canadian heavy today. About 60,000 barrels a day of Canadian medium light. And then -- about 225,000 barrels a day of other WTI or TS-related crudes. So that's 600,000 barrels a day where I'd say TI-linked crudes. On the heavy, we are running -- the heavy asset, Latin American heavy, about 471,000 barrels a day. So actually, about 50,000 barrels a day reduced in this area. And we've also reduced our exposure to Brent-related crudes by about 165,000 barrels a day all in. So, as we think about where can we move crudes, we want to move the shale crude from 120,000 to ultimately 450,000, 460,000 barrels a day. And we're trying to get those crudes to every refinery we can. But clearly, to Ferndale on the West Coast, Bayway on the East Coast. We think Ferndale can probably run 50,000 barrels a day of Bakken crude. Wood River, we can run up to 90,000 to 120,000 barrels a day of shale-type crudes there. Ponca about 60,000 barrels a day. Bayway, 100,000 barrels a day of shale-type crudes that we can advantage, that we can move into Bayway. Smaller, Rodeo, we can get in 30,000 barrels a day. And Sweeny about 40,000 barrels a day. And then Alliance, we're running today, Eagle Ford crude and some Bakken crude in Alliance. But ultimately, 50,000 to 90,000 barrels a day. So we have a plan to get advantaged crude into most of our refineries, Ed.
Greg C. Garland: No. Absolutely. So what I mean, we're down to 2,000 cars, that gets us about 120,000 barrels a day of capability. And that can go east or west out of Bakken. There's other areas and other shale plays that we're looking at rail to get to the front end of refineries. We're looking at making investments around P66 infrastructure. For instance, in gathering systems and/or trucking in the Mississippi Line to get advantaged crude into Ponca, we're looking at connecting to other pieces of pipe that are coming north, south, to get more Canadian heavy into some of our assets. And then around the Eagle Ford, we're looking at pipe solutions around Eagle Ford. So I would say that we're hooking at pipe, rail, truck, barge, just about any way we can get advantaged crude to the front end of the refineries.
Greg C. Garland: Well, I'm not sure that anyone would start a new coker today in today's market environment. There's more coking capacity then there is heavy capacity to get into the cokers today. And I think we view that through at least 2017. But on the other hand, I would say that we're pleased with our investment that we made in the CORE project. It's delivering the results that we anticipated. We're up to 200,000 barrels a day of Canadian or heavy crude into Wood River. We're seeing the clean product yield improvement that we envisioned. We are net 65,000 barrels a day of clean products to us. So 120,000 across the refinery. So as we step back and look at that project, $3.8 billion investment, solid returns in our view. This is a 15%, 20% type return project for us.
Greg C. Garland: I'm not sure that we've really given the specifics. I guess it would depend upon the size of the coker, where the facility is, what other investment options you have. But I think -- I don't think we can give you a specific number on that one.
Greg C. Garland: Okay, Paul. Great. I'll take them one by one. In terms of the project cues, we kind of said we expect that the P66 capital will be between $1 billion to $1.5 million. We certainly have some infrastructure investments that we'd like to make around getting the advantaged crudes to the front end of the refineries, to export infrastructure products out into attractive export markets. We've booked at what's out there on the market right now in acquisitions, and there's nothing really interesting to us at this time. So we've got our plate full in terms of executing the plan around improving our base R&M business. Improving margins, returns. As you know, we have a significant organic growth going on in our Midstream business at DCP and in our Chemicals business at CPChem. I mean, we're very comfortable with that profile of spend in both of those businesses. In terms of low NGL prices, in some ways, we balance across DCP and CPChem, and we tend to pick up margin across that value chain. But just in terms of the Midstream business itself, about $0.01 per gallon change in NGL price is about $4 million in net income for us.
Greg C. Garland: Yes. Controllable costs, we've put a number out there, $200 million. We think it's a good number.  I frankly think we'll do better than that. We tend to always exceed. We've got a program we call the Optimize 66 that we're working across this budgeting process which we're in the middle of it now. And people are looking at all avenues to improve efficiency and reduce cost. And frankly, the boys have come up with some great ideas from their early work that I've seen. So I think that the $200 million is a good number for a target.
Greg C. Garland: Well, thanks for being the first person to ask the MLP question. So, what we said publicly and we'll continue to say is that, in the Analyst Meeting in December, we're going to shed more light on where we're going with the MLP. As you know, we have an MLP embedded within DCP. I think we understand the potential for value creation that MLP will bring and certainly, I think DCP is using MLP very effectively to raise equity to fund their growth program. So similarly, as we're thinking about a Phillips 66 MLP, we'd look to say can we add value through raising infrastructure. So we'll tell you more about that in December, but we're working that hard, we're thoughtfully considering how do we use an MLP to the best advantage of Phillips 66.
Greg C. Garland: No, we're not resistant at all. I think we have an MLP embedded within DCP. We like it. We think it's been a very efficient way of raising equity and will continue to be a good vehicle for DCP. And we're just thinking about what's the best way for Phillips 66 to work in this space.
Greg C. Garland: It's an open-ended program and we're not going to disclose an end point target. But you know, as we typically don't sit on our hands, I think you should expect to see us in the market every day, but not necessarily the same amount every day.
Greg C. Garland: And Paul, we'll report the amount of shares that we buy or the number of shares that we buy and the amount that we've used on a quarterly basis.
Greg C. Garland: So Paul, I read your report. I thought it was thoughtful and well done. And I think we appreciate your advice and counsel in that subject. I think that what I would like to say about dividends are, I think they're the centerpiece, they're just fundamental to our philosophy around shareholder returns and distributions. We want to pay a competitive dividend. We want to increase that dividend over time. We recognize this is a volatile business. There's going to be some years where you feel flushed with cash and some years when you don't feel as good about cash flow in the business. You'll see us protect and the defend that dividend at pretty much all cost. It's so important to us. We do want to increase it. And you'll see us use share repurchases and specials also, as we think about returning cash to shareholders. So we'll look at that total toolbox that we have in terms of dividends, increasing the dividend, share repurchases and specials in terms of returning cash to shareholders.
Greg C. Garland: I would say it's actually a combination of both. We had a lot of people go through the data room. We had a handful of offers and another one, we really regarded, as approaching our hold value for the asset. We made the decision to put the asset on the market, it really has integrated ConocoPhillips. We kind of had 1 view of where LLS was or where it was going. I think in the interim year that's passed since we made that first decision, that our view has changed in terms of Gulf Coast crudes, particularly LLS, becoming an advantage. So you think Alliance really has more future value than -- and certainly, value today than what people are willing to pay.
Greg C. Garland: So we are exporting out of Alliance and looking to increase the export out of Alliance. It's a nice refinery. Single train refinery built in '77. It's a good, solid refinery. It's just a light sweet refinery on the Gulf Coast of the U.S. And so I think that as our thinking has evolved around LLS and around exporting, we see more value in Alliance.
Greg C. Garland: Yes. So the credits we need have been acquired. Permits have been applied for. And I mean, just part of our process, we won't take FID without having the permits. And so, I think that's probably the factor that gets us there. We're in the process of -- we have a 2-step process where we do about 20% to 30% of the engineering up front. So we're just starting that, really, that first phase of engineering. But we fully expect that we'll be ready for FID in 2013.
Greg C. Garland: Well, I think you'll see us continue to work the portfolio. I think we're like any company, we have a range of assets within our portfolio in terms of the returns and the future expected values of the assets. So you'll see us continue to work that. If you think about the assets around the periphery that could be non-core to us in the markets. But certainly, if you think around the Central Corridor assets, we really like those assets, we think they're long-term value-creating assets. Our Gulf Coast assets, same. And so we're not going to name specific assets today on the call. But I would say that we do have fixed our asset plans around some of our assets that are -- and you can see the numbers that we released today. Particularly, for example, the West Coast-challenged environment today, go back 2005, great earnings, great returns. But clearly, with the California crude decline, with the demand decline in California and the high operating costs that we see in California, really a challenged environment. And so we're working to put advantaged crudes to the front of those refineries and look at our cost structure and how to improve our cost structure to improve those assets.
Greg C. Garland: I'm not sure I've got that one. That's something that I can get, Jeff. But we run a little bit of sweet at Sweeny. So I think we've got a crude in there of 50 a day or so that West Africa or North Sea. I don't know if they're running Eagle Ford now. I think we have moved some Eagle Ford into Sweeny and moved -- but I think we're still importing at Sweeny. I think Alliance was primarily HLS and LLS. So, I don't think we were importing a whole lot into Alliance. Lake Charles, I think that was a heavy -- that's a heavy medium-sour refinery, but I can get those numbers for you. I don't think it's a big number. I don't know what our in parts are. We'll have to look at the waterborne barrels.
Greg C. Garland: We can talk about 2Q. We are kind of hesitant to give a forecast, I think. If we think about CPChem, their volumes were relatively flat to slightly up, margins improved second quarter over first quarter. But there's a lot of turnaround activity during the kind of first half of the year, so we expect there's going to be some pressure on ethylene margins going into the back half of the year. So we think globally, we're concerned about Europe, we're concerned about China slowing down. And so I think that could have an impact on the global petrochemical business.
Greg C. Garland: Well I think we could run a lot more light-sweet if we're willing to take rate reductions. And we're running those models every day, and so, we're going to chase value versus volume. And if the models tell us that we can make more money running less crude, we will do that.
Greg C. Garland: We've looked at that. It seems like the numbers are -- it's like a 25% reduction in throughput to go all the way -- as far as we can, yes.
Greg C. Garland: I think that's all in the WTI. So what we've got in that 29% or 28% is we got about 100,000 of shale, we've got about 205,000 of Canadian heavy, 60,000 of Canadian medium light and then 225,000 of TI TS.
Greg C. Garland: Well, things are -- I don't think we would say we would not be interested in a Midstream acquisition, but I think with the valuations that we're looking at the Midstream assets right now, prices are...
Greg C. Garland: So I wouldn't expect any significant M&A type deal in the near term from us. And we've said that increasing refining capacity for us is probably not in the cards. So, an acquisition of a refinery wouldn't be consistent with what we've said in the past.
Greg C. Garland: So we ran about 90 a day in the second quarter, which is -- it was actually down from the first quarter. But they have some turnaround activity that really impacted that. And so, our plan is to ramp exports up somewhere around 220. But we're going to chase value. So if [indiscernible] is there, we're going to take it, if not, we'll start where we can get the highest value.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, we're doing some currently today. Yes, but we have 10,000 railcars today already, but there's probably just a couple of hundred, I would guess, in crude service right now for advantaged crudes. And that's the reason we went ahead and made the order for another 2,000 cars. So, we are negotiating with other third parties to improve access for loading and unloading. We're looking at doing some of our own infrastructure for loading and unloading, so it's kind of an all above. And yes, we're running in Bayway today, a couple -- I don't know, 10,000 or 20,000 barrels a day, I think, in Bayway today. So, the answer is yes, we like that we're trying to get as much in as we can. We're looking at all the infrastructure. Preferably, if we can get a third-party deal with someone else, that's great, if not, we'll build it ourselves.
Greg C. Garland: I mean, those are both fee-based, for the most part, projects. We think they're good solid return projects. We're not going to slow down on those. To me, the governor is going to be on the E&P side and the development, is crude going to be $60 or is it going to be $100. And I think that will ultimately will set the pace for all this $80 billion worth of industry investment in infrastructure. But as we kind of look out, we're kind of $90 to $100 guys, so I think, in terms of our view of where crude prices go longer-term, and so, we think that there's going to be value in pursuing these infrastructure projects.
Greg C. Garland: So, I would say in the integrated ConocoPhillips, that, that asset was a strategic asset. I think if you think about Phillips 66, it's a not strategic asset for us.
Greg C. Garland: I know, at least as part of the company that we were spun out of, we were very specific on the size of our asset disposition program and pretty public on how much we were going to sell when. I don't think we're going to take that same approach in terms of how we manage the portfolio, in terms of being as transparent on how much we're going to sell in any given year. But we have $50 billion of assets. And so, we need to be looking at our portfolio all the time and looking at the bottom 5% or 10% saying to ourselves, okay, is this worth more to somebody else or does it belong as part of our portfolio? So, you should expect us to continue to work that portfolio even if we're not saying something publicly.
Greg C. Garland: We like the numbers around the Canadian heavy right now or almost any Canadian crude, as you think about it. So, yes. We're running Canadian heavy today.
Greg C. Garland: I think it helped marketing, right? I think as crude prices or product prices fall sharply, it creates short-term margin expansion. But I don't think, in terms of inventory or trading gains, we saw a significant impact from the decline in crude price.
Greg C. Garland: I would think that a big part of it was the market. Part of it was improved around running more heavy at Wood River. We just talked about in clean product yield around that. We did get some more advantaged -- other advantaged crudes into the Mid-Con refineries. But if I had to guess, it's probably 80%, 85% market and 15% other improvements.
Greg C. Garland: During this second quarter, we really didn't have much turnaround activity in the central. The second quarter turnarounds were really on the coastal refineries. I guess we had 1 refinery that was down. But turnaround activity was relatively light as well. That may have helped.
Greg G. Maxwell: Doug, this is Greg Maxwell. I think in response to your question, it's a good question. As a mentioned, we don't have any debt maturities coming due in 2012. In the near term, we've got the 3-year term loan that starts coming due in 2013 on out about $570 million due in the first quarter of next year. The balancing aspect of it is, as you know, debt is cheap right now, and so we have to balance that with the other pieces of our capital programs as far as distributions, dividends, as well as capital expenditures. And currently, we have, as we mentioned, no intention or a stated intention to pay off any debt in 2012 and we -- the current plan is to meet the obligation that we have in March of the first piece of the 3-year term loan.
Greg G. Maxwell: I don't think so. I think the investment that we're looking in the Central Corridor in the Gulf Coast is really right in infrastructure around the refineries, rather than expanding the refineries.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes. There maybe things on the back end of turnarounds, just normal de-bottlenecking that would occur in refineries. Maybe around Wood River, as we get more experience in the CORE project. But I'm not aware of any capacity additions that are coming in the Central Corridor or Gulf Coast.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes, we've got a $5.5 billion of inventory on the books. I will get that additional number for you as we go through the answers. It's in the back of our Q and I'll get that for you. But I think it's in the neighborhood of $5 billion. The second question ...
Greg G. Maxwell: Short term debt. What you'll see, Paul, on our short-term debt is really only the maturity of what we have coming due, as I mentioned earlier on the first tranche of the term loan. $590 million.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes, we have a pretty good chunk of goodwill on our books. We have about $3.3 billion of goodwill associated with the previous acquisitions. And then intangibles of just about $700 million.
Greg G. Maxwell: The working capital in total, if you look at our current assets, we have $18.5  billion -- this is all the end of second quarter, $18.5 billion of current assets of which $3.1 billion is cash. So looking at that, we have $15.4 billion of current assets and about $14.4 billion of current liabilities. That gives us a net overall working capital of about $1 billion.
Greg G. Maxwell: Paul, this is Greg Maxwell. I was a little light on the number for the excess of current replacement cost over LIFO. At the end of the second quarter, it was 6.9. Sorry about that.
Greg G. Maxwell: But they're really configured. As you know, you get constraint at the light ends handling on the facilities and so that's what the issue is.
Greg G. Maxwell: I think that's right. Obviously, there's a blending that you can do as well as. I think that's the approach we're taking right now.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes. There's just nothing out there that interests us right now. In terms of acquisition in the R&M space.
Greg G. Maxwell: It's really around creating optionality for us at us at those facilities. So when the markets are better, we can participate in them.
Greg G. Maxwell: And Whitegate, of course, is challenged. From the standpoint, it's a light-sweet crude refinery that's fairly simple and European refining is under pressure, so. I guess we look at things from a couple of different angles. One is from the returns. So what are the returns at the facility compared to the rest of the portfolio and compared to what our targets are? Can it generate mid-teens returns? And then secondly, would be free cash flow generation. So what does that refinery do in terms of a discounted free cash after CapEx? And is it a source of capital or can we monetize it and redeploy that capital in another part of the portfolio. But those are, I would say, will be the 2 key criteria that we would use on whether or not the assets would remain in our portfolio.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes, I don't -- are you looking at like LLS to Maya being compressed or because actually the [indiscernible].
Greg G. Maxwell: Absolutely, of course. I mean to the extent that we'll back out other TI type barrels to run a cheaper Bakken barrel, we would do that. But quite [ph] I think we're pleased with the performance of the CORE project to date . It came up. It's run well. It's been profitable. It's done the advertised improvement in clean product yields, in capacity expansion. It's hitting on all of its metrics and so, we're pleased with that.
Greg G. Maxwell: Roger, this is Greg Maxwell. Initially, the share repurchase program at $1 billion is about 4% over the time and since we're not starting out with really any treasury shares, the view, current view, is that we would hold those initially as treasury shares, and then we'll look at our options going forward. But as you hit on it, as you go forward, you could have some use for those. And so, that's just an opportunity for us to continue to hold those at least in the interim period.
