Greg C. Garland: Thanks Clayton, good morning everyone. Thank you for joining us today. It’s hard to believe that just a year ago that we launched Phillips 66 as an independent company. We are pleased with our performance today. We are a new company, but we are built on a 130 years of experience. We have a portfolio of business that is as uniquely positioned to benefit from the significant growth in American oil, gas, natural gas liquids production. First quarter 2013, we operated safely. And our financial results reflect the fact that we captured positive market conditions in our refining and chemicals businesses. Operating excellence continues to be our top priority. We aspire to be a company where employees work their entire careers without getting hurt. In the first quarter, we continued our improvement in our safety and environmental performance. We continue to pursue growth in high value businesses while maintaining our capital discipline. Our plans for a new natural gas liquids fractionator in the Gulf Coast region demonstrate investment opportunities we have in the American energy landscape as well as highlight our unique position across the downstream value chain. The plans DCP has announced are additional important sources of growth within our midstream segment. The Sand Hills and Southern Hills pipelines will deliver NGL to the growing Gulf Coast markets and are expected to be fully in service by mid-2013. CPChem continues to advance its Gulf Coast ethane cracker and polyethylene facilities, once complete these facilities are estimated to create about 400 long-term direct jobs and about 10,000 temporary engineering, construction jobs. Growth in our chemical segment also comes from an NGL frac expansion at Sweeny, our 1-hexene project, and our Saudi Polymers project. Ultimately the growth in capacity allows for growth of dividends and share repurchases. Shareholder distributions remain a priority for our company. During the quarter, we paid an increased dividend and we repurchased $382 million of stock, as part of our $2 billion share repurchase program. Since the company’s inception a year ago, we’ve returned $1.2 billion of capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We have a diverse portfolio that provides us earnings durability as well as a balance sheet that give us financial flexibility. These are two very important traits that are needed in our industry to be well positioned to weather the cyclicity that’s inherent in our business and continue to grow shareholder distributions and value through the cycles. With that said, I’ll hand the call over to Greg Maxwell to take you through the quarter results.
Greg C. Garland: So, a lot of the volumes or 70% of the volumes are DCP controlled volumes and the balance is third-party volumes on Sand Hills. We don’t see that displacing any of the internal volumes that we have. As we go to market with those volumes, as you know DCP is a large supplier to CPChem and we like that relationship and we see that relationship continuing going forward. But we look at those projects kind of on a standalone basis. We think we got good value capture. We think we get the assets loaded over some period of time, but relatively quickly and those are going to be good solid assets for us.
Greg C. Garland: So, I think we talked on the last call that we’re working through operational problems. It’s running much better this past quarter. So it continues to progress. So our view is that, yes, in the second half of this year you really start to see the impact from the Saudi Polymers plant startup.
Greg C. Garland: Yeah, looks like in this last year, 96% and I would, our view is ethylene unit rates up 95% to 100%. That’s pretty much on a sustained basis running flat out. So, I think on the U.S. side that really we would expect that to run at capacity in that 95% to 100% range.
Greg C. Garland: So they are general purpose cars. This is order we placed shortly after we formed as the new company and we expect to kind of get the 2,000 cars ratably over the balance of this year. I think the plan really hasn’t changed for us. It really was primarily envisioned to be Bakken East and West and I think our view is that we’ll continue to do that.
Greg C. Garland: So, on the crack spread, I think you’ve got both that work. You’ve had some market fundamentals on the product side that have continued. First quarter is typically not the strongest and second quarter should see some seasonal uplift on the product side. But so really I think what’s moving around are the crude dips and you’ve looked at the first quarter. They’ve come in and you looked recently you started to see some widen and back out. So I think our fundamental view is that that the fundamentals haven’t changed, that we still see the discounts with Inland crudes, we still see the Canadian discounts. We do believe though that it will remain volatile and that we wouldn’t be surprised to see those come back out a bit from where they’ve been in the last month, may not be as high as what we saw or as much volatility as last year, but we still believe that those dis on the Canadian and the Inland crudes are very sustainable, and I think we’re in a period of readjustment here in the Gulf Coast as those crudes make their way into Texas and then ultimately find their way into the rest of the refining system on the Gulf Coast.
Greg C. Garland: So you probably need to add those back in if you want to get a more reasonable number, but you’ve got what $170 million in the second quarter and $160 million, I guess. So what is that $300 million, $330 million of earnings you probably need to add back. I don’t know. If Greg, if you
Greg C. Garland: Yeah, we’re looking at that. We’ve done preliminary engineering around condensate splitter, standalone and also within the refineries. I think we’re moving towards utilizing underutilized equipment in our refineries today to cheaply find a way to process more lights and we do have some projects identified, but these are small projects that I would say $50 million and less that are really kind of quick-hit projects that we can get implemented and get paid out fast. We don’t envision, at this point, doing a standalone condensate splitter at some point.
Greg C. Garland: Yeah, certainly there is a point, which, again we’ve said in the past that we look at Bakken to the East Coast, the West Coast maybe in that kind of all in from the well [that had] 12 to 16. So if you start getting that to come in too far obviously we’d want to do that, but fundamentally that crude needs to go that direction. That’s the right place I think for that crude to go. So I would see that as short-term dislocation versus really a fundamental, we still believe Bakken will price to be competitive and it’s got to taking account where needs to go the price itself into the market.
Greg C. Garland: Yeah, so LLS is our marker crude that we talked about in the Gulf Coast region and we’ve been successful really having additional penetration particularly with Eagle Ford crudes as well as some supplements from some of the other mid-con crudes into that region. And I think the way, I would be explain that is that I think you look back at our Marine option that we’ve taken on the MR tankers put in service. And that’s drilling as access Texas crude over to Alliance and Lake Charles. And so I think really what you’re still seeing is probably some reduction in LLS over the past quarter. And then you got the transportation bottleneck from Texas to Louisiana that ultimately get solved. But I think as a result of that you’re relatively indifferent right now on LLS versus some of the imported grades. But we still think fundamentally as that crude shows up into the Gulf Coast that you’ll begin to see that discount.
Greg C. Garland: That’s a multi year look the big piece of that is the new ethylene cracker and associated derivative plans on the petrochemical space but it also includes smaller interim closuring projects with the fractionator expansion at Sweeny, the 1-hexene plant, and some other kinds of more smaller project, but the big driver is that project in the petrochemical complex here in the Gulf Coast.
Greg C. Garland: So, yeah I think we said previously that we’re looking at a multi product export facility on the Gulf Coast, it could include condensate LPG, even refined products, and so I would say we are in the feasibility stage on that project and looking to move that forward.
Greg C. Garland: First, now I’ll turn to Greg, I recall that we’ve committed to paying $1 billion of our short-term debt eliminating the short-term debt by the end of the year. So, that’s $1 billion of expected cash usage, and then I’ll let Greg respond to the distribution aspect.
Greg C. Garland: I think you let me factor for us, Paul, is really the heated, the coal cars and that’s true probably for the industry.
Greg C. Garland: And because those benefits go across several regions rather than attributing it to the mid-con or Gulf Coast, we spread it over the entire segment.
Greg C. Garland: At CPChem we’re moving. Remember last year we paid off the debt at CPChem and so distributions were significantly reduced last year from CPChem. And this year given what we think the chemicals business is, the margin of the chemicals business, we think there is going to be good cash generation in that business. We’ve got $1.2 billion at the CPChem level, capital spend. And so, I think you would continue to see distribution in excess there from what we’ve seen previously last year.
Greg C. Garland: So, I think we’ve said in the past we’re kind of look at balances, we’re pretty balanced. There is obviously an increased demand, but it doesn’t specifically tie to that Chem project, but it certainly on the macro level is a nice matchup when we do that.
Greg C. Garland: So looking just at Phillips 66 operations, you would want to take the NGL Ops and the transportation number, that’s very specific to the P66.
Greg C. Garland: We had Sweeny down 49 days in the first quarter, for a turnaround and then the power outage that hit us there brought the whole complex down.
Greg C. Garland: So, we lost all three feeds into this whole complex. So it impacted the refinery, it impacted the CPChem facilities and the frac, and to some degree actually impacted DCP also as we were trying to bring volumes down the easy line, which terminates at Sweeny, the frac, so…
Greg C. Garland: Yeah, so you saw Atlanta in the supply chain. Clearly cost can move with time too as we do out the solution. So I think you’ve got to see those discounts on the heavy, for instance, enough to offset that transportation, provide the quality differential and the incentive to run. So I still think it’s in that range. You’ve seen the WCS discount move out here recently, but I think that for Canadian crude it’s probably still one of the further destination. So I think that just still continues to play in, but you’ve got to see a significant discount to make that move that way, the transportation.
Greg C. Garland: So once it gets to Ferndale, certainly can support that operation, but then we have the opportunity to do barge as well or some of the vessel movement down the Coast if that made sense.
Timothy G. Taylor: Thank you, Greg. I'd like to take a couple of minutes to review our expectations for the remainder of 2013. We continue to focus on growth and returns enhancements centered on opportunities created by the rise of oil and gas production in North America. In our midstream business, we are pursuing developments at 100,000 barrels per day NGLs fractionator to be located in the Gulf Coast region. And this project would enable us to take advantage of existing midstream transportation and storage infrastructure. We see excellent market facing opportunities to grow the NGL business and the chance to supply 30 NGLs and liquefied petroleum gas to the petrochemical industry as well heating markets. If approved, we would expect construction to start in the first half of 2014 with the operations commencing in the second half of 2015. Our 2013 budgeted capital expenditures and investments are currently expected to be about $1.9 billion of which $1 billion is dedicated for maintenance capital. As we’ve said before, we see this level set right around our DD&A amount going forward. Included in our maintenance capital are our capital requirements for Tier 3 implementation. During the quarter, we funded nearly $400 million of our capital program and nearly $800 million if you include a portion of our major joint venture expenditures. This capital was spend mainly on the growth plans that we have outlined before where we are expanding our higher value businesses. As Greg said in his opening remarks, we are in a cyclical business and we are well positioned to capture opportunities caused by both short-term price dislocations, as well as medium and long-term fundamentals. The Brent WTI differential will be dynamic as infrastructure progresses and trade flows adjust over the coming months and we expect LLS to move back to a discount versus Brent. Although we may see some narrowing of crude differentials as takeaway capacities build, we still have an advantage position. With seven coastal refineries, three each in the Gulf and the West Coast and one on the East Coast, we are well-positioned to grow product exports, and this past quarter we exported an average of 150,000 barrels a day of refined products which is a significant increase over last year. With that, we’ll now open the line for questions.
Timothy G. Taylor: Yeah, this is Tim and I’ll start with that. I think that, when I think about RINs to me it’s obviously a cause to the impacts the way we go to market in our sales channel. And so, I think fundamentally we manage that through our commercial business, we have a lot of options. We’ve taken lot of actions to increase blending on bio-diesel at our terminals et cetera to mitigate that that said when you look out what the blend wall going forward you realize that that’s still an issue yet to be addressed, it has be addressed really from a macro standpoint, but to this point we find that manageable it does effect our planning, but I think that the real issue really starts to surface in 2014 with the additional requirements and a need for advanced cellulosics that’s just are not there.
Timothy G. Taylor: Arjun, it’s Tim. There are some adjustments that have been made. Some of those were obviously at market. Some were more focused on the cost side. So this does reflect that movement now to, really across that system we’re going to be going to the market-based adjustment rate.
Timothy G. Taylor: Well, we like to really, WTI traditional mid-con production, I think we like to separate the shale, very focused thinking about Bakken, Eagle Ford and some of those that are really probably better described as light tide oil. And so, I think that’s a distinction that we use to kind of help draw the distinction and really bring in new plays. Cleary WTI may have some expansion as well with the EMP activity, but that really helps, I think, highlight where the new source comes from.
Timothy G. Taylor: Sure, it’s really a multifaceted approach on in looking at bidding different crude slate to the West Coast. So today we are doing some large movements down the coast into California on heavy Canadian. And you can look in the Northwest to do that, so that’s an option that we’re going to continue to use, and that we’re looking at expanding an opportunity with some of the logistic things we’re putting in place, and we’re also continuing to move crude by rail in smaller amounts into California and looking at projects really to increase that as well.
Timothy G. Taylor: I haven’t done it specifically for that. But we are, that I could recall, but we are looking at that. Clearly you give (inaudible) on the way down. You can send it back up for the pipeline movement and so you get a better look. But we really haven’t looked specifically at that as something that we’re really pushing on hard at this point. The pipeline solution still longer-term is the right solution of our marine movement on the Canadian.
Timothy G. Taylor: This is Tim. So basically, I think that that results from our positions on our Canadian takeaway. And so we’re the largest importer of Canadian crudes and so when we have an excess we’re able to capture that value and that’s really was a very significant factor in the first quarter for us.
Timothy G. Taylor: Primarily a spread benefit, that group also contains some of our commercial activities beyond that as well. So it’s a combination of things in that matter.
Timothy G. Taylor: Yeah, so the permitting process has been well underway for sometime and we made good progress for kind of reaching the end, because we’re looking to take final investment decisions that in the third quarter. So, I think I’d give you some indication of where we are on that and to this point, that’s not been an issue.
Timothy G. Taylor: Sure, LLS clearly on the Gulf Coast and so very specifically, we haven't disclosed it by refinery, but I think if you think about our refining system you could see where that is. So that's really down the Gulf Coast and the Brent base for us would be [A&S]. It would be the other non-Bakken kind of crudes that we some times bring into Bayway, plus the LLS so it's kind of a mixture of things that really, rather California crudes are A&S based which ultimately is Brent-based as well. So I think you kind of look at regionally, you say, California, Bayway and then a portion of the Gulf Coast is where we see the Brent-based exposure in the U.S.
Timothy G. Taylor: Yeah, so I think that we look at it and ultimately as we talk, we believe LLS with the movement of Mid-con to the Gulf Coast probably, just to be competitive will have to, will change. And then A&S, I think as now as the Bakken continues to move to northwest, as Canadian access to the West Coast improves you will see that as well. So that is certainly, as we talked about 100% target, there is a premise either to substitution or competition that we begin to get the advantage in those other crudes as well.
Timothy G. Taylor: I keep pressing it, yes it will take us a couple of years to probably get there I think all the way for us.
Timothy G. Taylor: No, that’s really I think that little bit of shift that you see in the first quarter is probably more to do with Sweeny down.
Timothy G. Taylor: That’s correct first quarter versus running more light sweet crudes, where you would expect higher gasoline yields. That directionally, we don’t want to give up this 41%, 42% distilling yields that we’re generating in the refinery. So…
Timothy G. Taylor: We had a scheduled turnaround for February and that turnaround went well. And then as we were coming backup, we lost power and we were down for another week. So I think the number actually 47 days, when it was down, had a negative impact.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yeah, I think Ed, you’re correct. When we look at that, we think that’s about with the combined results about the right amount of EBITDA for that segment.
Greg G. Maxwell: This is Greg. I would say first of all, as we look out, we think it’s just an unworkable program. And we have seen this coming since 2007 and we have been trying to position ourselves for this. I think the industry is working hard on solutions in Washington. But that said, we are trading RINs and like any other commercial activity, we really don’t want to expose our positions because we think it puts our traders at a disadvantage. But I will say, our view is that the industry and particularly us we believe, we are capturing most of the cost of the RINs in the market today.
Greg G. Maxwell: From an asset perspective, Arjun, I think it was the other question. Some of the, what you would consider storage tanks and pipes that are inside the refinery gates, are still aligned with the refining segment. We’re continuing to look at that, but you can imagine it’s a little bit more integrated from an asset basis in that refinery aspect. So we’re looking at that, but a lot of the storage and pipes inside the refinery gates are still being reported in the Refining segment.
Greg G. Maxwell: It’s really focused on Bayway. It makes a lot of sense that I think ultimately you can have some flexibility, but we’ve certainly seen the advantage and that where we would intend to use that.
Greg G. Maxwell: We had at the end of the first quarter $16.4 billion of current assets and right at $15 billion of current liabilities.
Greg G. Maxwell: That excludes the long term debt, long-term debt sat at, right at $7 billion. We did reclassify some of that I think, now we left at $7 billion.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yeah, Paul so I mean we had given guidance I think in our December meeting that the capital expenditure program for CPChem is going to be the neighborhood of $1.2 billion if you look at their EBITDA, last year it was about $3 billion, so we think there is going to be nice distributions back from the chemical company to both of the owners this year.
Greg G. Maxwell: That we are honing in on that Paul, we look at leading cash in somewhat in the neighborhood of $3 million to $4 billion. We’re comfortable with our current liquidity uncommitted credit facilities that are $5.2 billion, $4 billion on revolving credit facility and $1.2 billion associated with our account receivables securitization facility, and you’re are aware that we use some of that liquidity to as a basis for back stopping our letters of credit. I think at the end of the first quarter, we had about $200 million associated with LCs.
Greg G. Maxwell: So, dividends are highly important to us, Paul and I know you’re a big supporter of dividends, and I think you should what expect us to increase the dividend this year, we do want to get on annual cycle of dividend increases. We’ve always said, we want to pay a competitive dividend when never we want a back up from it, when we look back in 10 years and say we’ve increased the dividend every year very important to us. We’ve confirmed our previous guidance on capital expenditures at the P66 level this year. So I think, then when you think about the capital discipline around what were going from capital investment standpoint, to the extend that we’re going to generate excess cash, then it will go against our existing $2 billion share repurchase program that we’ve talked about.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yeah,, I think it’s a fair raid at least as we look out through 2013, sometimes as you are aware, some adjustments come in and introduce some release, but I think 32% is a fair number.
Greg G. Maxwell: There is, but we’re not there yet, Paul. So our targets are 100% advantage crude and then you start taking advantage crudes and replacing it with more advantage crudes, i.e., in the Mississippi line or doing around Ponca City or displacing a WTI barrel with a better barrel, more consistent quality, better pricing. There is a theoretical limit on the clean product yields and so we’re approaching that limit, but and then yeah, we’re already high on distilled yields, industry leading distilled yield. So but there is still lot of room left in the fairway for us in terms of the advantage crude and the value capture for advantage crude.
Paul Cheng: And well maybe this is for Greg, Greg can you give me some balance sheet data, what is your working capital, the inventory, market value in excess of the both and also the long term, I’d presume that is long-term.
Paul Cheng: Okay, so long-term debt is $7 billion. Greg, and given that expected pretty heavy capital only from CPC so we assume that any dividend payment from CPC to the parent corporation will be quite minimum until that order at least that Gulf Coast cracker is complete.
Paul Cheng: Okay, two final question. Greg can you remind me what is the liquidity need for you to run your business? What is the level that you feel comfortable.
Paul Cheng: So, with your cash position at 4.7 though I think that is clearly that you’re in excess of what you need to run your position and even though margin have come down, you’re still generating tons of free cash, wondering that is there any plan of accelerating the cash return to the shareholder.
Faisel H. Khan: Okay. So was that mostly a spread benefit or was it the fact that you ran less Western Canadian crude in the quarter in your system.
Faisel H. Khan: Okay, got it. And as going back to the midstream questions from earlier in the call, there were kind of a lot of numbers that were throwing out. But I just want to make sure, I understand the numbers. So excluding DCP Midstream, if I am looking at the midstream income before taxes, I see NGL operations are $50 million, transportation income of $73 million, and D&A of roughly $19 million. So it seems like it’s roughly $100 million of EBITDA kind of associated with the NGL operations and transportation excluding DCP Midstream is that the right number. As I heard a $200 million number and $300 million number earlier on the call, I just want to make sure looking at that correctly.
Faisel H. Khan: Okay, got it and then last question from me, just on tax, just what’s your guidance for the tax rate for the rest of this year.
Paul B. Sankey: Right, and then, so the overall levels that would be $1 billion and then the overall level of CapEx, could you talk a little bit, are you still going to turnkey that within the sort of $2 billion range or…
Paul B. Sankey: So, I guess the point is that the previous levels of CapEx are about the same as what you’re anticipating spending going forward. That was kind of my point.
Paul B. Sankey: Yeah, that’s helpful. Thanks. And then you’re saying, it’s going to get to 100% advantage but would A&S be in that advantage target or...
Paul B. Sankey: Yeah, that makes sense. I mean, and just and my point was that you think you can deal with this without any great expansion and capital, I mean, I think what you said is more or like $50 million type projects of changing access as opposed to any major surge in CapEx is required.
Paul B. Sankey: And basically I guess it will be a little bit, I mean you can see here there is a bit more gasoline than it was in 2011, but it’s of the nature of like 0.5% more. Obviously that would…
