Jeff Dietert: Good morning and welcome to Phillips 66’s first quarter earnings conference call. Participants on today’s call will include Greg Garland, Chairman and CEO; Kevin Mitchell, Executive Vice President and CFO; Bob Herman, Executive Vice President, Refining; Brian Mandell, Executive Vice President, Marketing and Commercial; and Tim Roberts, Executive Vice President, Midstream. Today’s presentation material can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our Q&A session. Actual results may differ materially from today’s comments. Factors that could cause results to differ are included here, as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Greg Garland, for opening remarks.
Jeff Dietert: Yeah. I think as we think about demand, it’s really the combination of domestic demand and exports into the international market. So it’s a combination of both. And as you know, China kind of had the COVID first and it’s recovering. We’re seeing that 80%, 90% back up so strong recovery in China. Europe and then the U.S. kind of got hit next, and those are starting – markets are starting to improve. Latin America, Central America, we’re the last ones to get hit with the COVID impact. And so we’re seeing a little bit of weakness there. But it’s really a holistic approach to demand overall that we’re using as a guide to run our refineries at the rate that matches that recovery.
Jeff Dietert: Yeah. I think as we look at inventories as a percent of shale capacity, crude inventories running at a higher percentage than products. And especially at Cushing, there’s about 92 million barrels a day of shale capacity there. If you look historically, Cushing inventories have kind of maxed out about 75% of shale, so that would be about 70 million barrels at Cushing, and we’re currently at 63 million barrels. So that’s an area where crude inventories are high relative to the capacity that’s available. Gasoline distillate, some of the products, lower utilization of shale capacity at this point. But obviously, regional and local dynamics are extremely important. And we’re factoring that into how we run the refineries to meet demand and the infrastructure that’s available there.
Jeff Dietert: Phil, one thing I would say is we’re starting to see delays in the construction of new capacity, both domestically and in Asia, so pushing out the start-up of planned capacity. Secondly, I’d just say the polyethylene chain margin that we reported in our supplement was $0.178 per pound in 1Q. The April index is about $0.14 a pound. So that’s kind of where we are today.
Jeff Dietert: Yeah. I think that’s right. Typically, even in a profitable market with open financial markets, those projects – new projects tend to get delayed and start-up periods tend to be longer than anticipated. But that’s especially the case with COVID activities impacting labor forces and construction, and the financial markets not quite as generous as what they have been. So we would definitely expect to see refining projects get pushed out. This year, we’re expecting something comfortably under 1 million barrels a day of capacity adds and probably trending lower at this point. So yeah, I think you’ve got a good point that both on the Refining side and the Chemicals side, new capacity additions are getting pushed out.
Jeff Dietert: Brad, I might just add, contango is typically a benefit for refiners on crude purchases. But we do have a number of different domestic crude contracts that impact or reflect the impact of contango and backwardation. But there is a number of other variables that impact pricing and margins. The timing of crude purchases versus product sales, location and transportation differentials, quality differentials and product placement options all influence market capture relative to the 3:2:1 benchmark cracks that you guys follow. So there are number of complexities to consider.
Jeff Dietert: Yeah. So I think it will be a factor of demand recovery and how rapidly demand recovers. In a number of previous cycles, there’s been an oil price spike in front of the recessionary period that’s really had a big and long-lasting impact on demand, whereas this has been much more around the COVID impact. And so, I think as businesses get back to work and consumers drive to and from work, that we’ll see demand recover. And that will really drive the margin environment. We’re likely to be in a supply long environment for a period of time, which is supportive of positive demand elasticity as well as low cost of goods sold for refiners. So I think there are some reasons for optimism in this cycle relative to previous cycles.
Jeff Dietert: All right. Thank you very much for your interest in Phillips 66. We appreciate your time and interest. If you have further questions, please contact Brent or me. Thank you.
Brian Mandell: Hi, Neil, thanks for the question. We have line of sight in Western Europe where we have stores and also in the U.S. So we’ll start with Western Europe. At the worst of the demand destruction, we were down about 70%. We’ve seen things come back to about 50% now. In Germany and Austria, they’re starting to open up those communities a little bit, bigger stores can now open. If you come over to the U.S. we were seeing 50% demand destruction depending on rural or urban areas. Now, that’s up to about 35%. So things are getting better. In terms of refinery utilization, we are matching our utilization with demand. So as demand moves up, we are moving up our utilization as well. We got down to about 65% utilization when demand was at its worst.
Brian Mandell: So I would say too, Doug, if to take a look at refinery yields between January and April in the U.S., you could see a gasoline was down from 50% to 44%, jet was down from 11% to 5%, half as much jet made, and distillate was up 9%, 29% to 38%. So, lot of the jet into the distillate. Refiners move from a gasoline economy to a distillate economy. And as a refiner, we continue to watch the cracks. As an example, now gasoline is over distillate in the West Coast. So we think about that and when we think about opportunities to move our refineries to make the products that people want. And I think you’ll also see some gasoline come out of storage now and you’ll see some distillate go into storage as demand starts to continue to increase distillate. If you take a look at the distillate contango and the crude contango, it’s about the same, from prompt to December. So there’s an incentive to store distillate as well. And I think you’ll see some storage as well.
Brian Mandell: We have the addition of a flywheel for gasoline, because PADD 1 is an import market, Roger. And if you take a look at just the last DOEs, 160,000 barrels of gasoline came into PADD 1. That’s about 25% at this time of year that less – or 75% less, 25% of what typically comes in, in PADD 1. So that’s kind of the flywheel as we think about gasoline demand in the U.S. But I think the bottom line is refiners will produce just what demand is. We won’t overproduce and that will keep us from filling up. We’re far from filling up now globally or U.S.-wide. So we don’t have any concerns on clean products.
Brian Mandell: Well, I’ll say that one of the great things we did and we talked about it at Investor Day, as part of Vantage 66, we had a group called the Value Chain Strategy and Optimization group, 36 employees, best and the brightest from around our different segments. And they were able to, really during this period of time, it was very fortuitous that we had them in place, think about how to optimize the entire system. So I’ll give you an example. When prices for crude really fell, we were able to push barrels around into the refinery, use storage in the refinery that we might not have used new storage, third-party storage, and take advantage of really strong contango in the market. So contango is good for refiners. There are other things that are in play when you’re analyzing value for refiners. But we were able to take advantage of a lot of the opportunities. We also have midstream assets where we can store product when there is a large contango. So it was good for us.
Brian Mandell: So the margins in Western Europe are still very, very strong. We expect them to remain relatively strong. In the U.S., the margins are starting to stabilize some, but we still see them as being relatively good. Now, remember, in the U.S., a lot of our volume is wholesale volume and wholesale margins are smaller than the retail margins overseas. But we would expect demand to continue to increase and the margins to come off in the U.S., and that’s it.
Greg Garland: So, Neil, as you think about gasoline demand, consumer-driven, roughly 35% of gasoline demand is driving to and from work. And recent statistics show over 90% of the U.S. population under some form of lockdown. And the pace of recovery is going to be driven by the impact of COVID-19 and the relief from these policies. About 16 states have scheduled to lift stay-at-home policies and public opinion starting to rally towards restarting the economy. As people come back to work and start driving, they’ll be greeted with lower gasoline prices, down about 40% year-on-year at retail and support from $6 trillion stimulus package, which should support recovery as well.
Greg Garland: Thanks, Neil. Certainly marketing speaks to the benefit of diversity in our portfolio. And as you might know, in Europe, where we had very, very strong margins, we have – about 80% of our stores in Western Europe are retail-owned, company-owned stores. So we get the benefit of the retail margin in that segment. And the retail margin was very, very strong. I’ll say for the first quarter, until about mid-March, when COVID hit, we were running above volumes, budget volumes. And when COVID hit, we came off. But for the quarter, probably about 90% of volumes, but margins 2 to 3 times what we had budgeted for margins, so very, very strong margins. Typical of falling flat price, so really did a good job there. And in the U.S. where most of our stores are jobber-owned or wholesale-owned stores, still decent volumes in the U.S. and margin not as good as overseas, but we had good margins in the U.S. too with falling prices.
Greg Garland: Sure. Thanks, Doug. Well, this is 40 years for me in the business. This is my first global pandemic. I’ve been through several economic crisis, so. And what I always tell people is that, single point in time forecasts in the middle of a crisis are always dangerous and often wrong. And that was true if crude was $100 and crude is $20. And we always view our business through the lens of mid-cycle, Doug. We think that’s appropriate way to do it. We’ve had this 60/40 allocation framework, 60% kind of reinvested back in our business and 40% return to shareholders. We still think that’s a good framework. Obviously, there’s times when you’re going to be on the other side of that, like in the current crisis liquidity is king. You’ve seen us take the steps to thin liquidity. But real purpose of that is protect the investment-grade credit rating and protect the dividend as we go through that. But we’re going to come out of this on the other side of this, as I – so as I think about $6 billion to $7 billion of cash flow at mid-cycle, and I acknowledge we’re certainly not mid-cycle today. So we always start with the sustaining capital. That’s the first dollar. That’s a billion dollars a year and our dividend is second, at $1.6 billion. And then, we’ve kind of guided to $2 billion to $2.5 billion of share repurchase, $1 billion to $2.5 billion of growth capital. But as I look at all the CapEx cuts that I’m seeing in the upstream business, 30%, in that range or higher for some, I think that the midstream investable opportunities are going to be challenged in 2021. And so, well, we’re a long way to December, when we would normally set our capital budget. Today, I would tell you, we would probably guide to the low-end of that, and just in terms of the organic investable opportunities, that meet our hurdle rates. And then, as you think about that, if we’re – we think as we get into 2021, we’re back towards more mid-cycle conditions for the most part in terms of refining margins, chemical margins, et cetera. So, cash, certainly generation will improve. So we’ll probably pay down some debt, have the opportunity to restart the share repurchase program. As I think about the dividend today at [$1.06] [ph], it’s very affordable for us. In our normal cycle, we would look at probably increasing the dividend in kind of midyear. And this is certainly the prerogative of the Board. But as you think about it, we’re 3 times the 10-year average dividend yield, of S&P 100. I don’t think there’s a necessity for us to do something immediately. Because we get in the back half the year, we’ll have a lot opportunities to think about what we do with the dividend in terms of increasing it in the back-half. To your question around M&A or acquisitions, so first point is never try to catch a falling knife, obviously. And as I think about TSX and how we’re positioned, great diverse portfolio, strong balance sheet. We’re well positioned to do what we need to do. The best thing is we don’t have to do anything on the M&A front. We have great opportunities to create value for our shareholders, so we can be highly selective. There’s a lot of examples out there today of folks that have done the M&A side of it. And it’s really hard to create value doing that. And so, while I do think that there will be consolidation that comes both in upstream and midstream, through the balance of this year into 2021, just given the stress levels that people have, so there could be opportunities to pick up the assets of not even whole companies. And so, I think you’ll see us look at everything. So we’ll be very, very careful and very selective about what we might do, Doug.
Greg Garland: Yeah, let me just make some overarching comments, and then Brian or Jeff can come in. I actually think that – you think about the energy space and energy sector, Doug, I actually think refining may well leave that space out of this. And I suspect in the U.S. it’s is going to be around gasoline. People been cooped up. They want to drive. I think they’re going to be reluctant to go get in the middle seat on an airplane at first. And I think that will come. We saw that certainly after 9/11, and people took a while to get back in the space. I think being in quarantine and being cooped up and just going crazy in the house, people are going to want to get out. And that should actually bring gasoline demand back pretty good. And indeed, we’ve seen gasoline prices move up and not quite on parity with distillate. But then as the company starts to pick up, my view is that distillate demand is also going to pick up as we get the economy moving again. And so, I mean the real answer to the dilemma that we’re facing today in energy impact for many companies, is we’ve got to get demand going again. So Brian or Jeff, do you want to comment on top of that, please do.
Greg Garland: Yeah. I think you kind of just start with a geographically diverse sales mix for CPChem and the fact that the high-density products that they make go into more consumer type markets. A lot of the chemical peers have a lot more exposure in automotive and automotive has been hit really hard. But if you think about detergent bottles and bleach bottles and hand sanitizer bottles, those things are flying off the shelf, and those are the kinds of things that CPChem makes. And then you’re seeing a resurgence of disposable packaging as communities ban reusable bags and go back to the disposable bags. And so – I mean, that’s been – and I think that one of the things we’ve seen is really strong demand across all segments of all geographies. So good demand in Asia, good demand in Europe and good demand in the U.S. So it’s really product portfolio driven.
Greg Garland: It could go single digits. So we’ve seen it there before. And so I think we’ll just have to watch as we go through the year. The fortunate thing is that demand has really held up well across that chain and that should be good.
Greg Garland: Yeah, we’re all looking at each other. Who wants to answer that question? So I guess I’ll lead off. I’m glad we sold it when we did. It’s really hard, and Bob may want to comment, but it’s really hard to move that configuration a lot, to produce jet fuel. I’m not sure that the refinery is running that much different in terms of its output today or yield structure than – at least at the margins.
Greg Garland: Well, obviously, if we see a lot of shut-in, we’re seeing probably 30% shut-in right now. There’ll be less exports. We think there will be less exports, probably in the 2.5 million barrels a day range going forward. But our crude’s still needed. And as Jeff mentioned, Asia’s starting to come back, and particularly China, South Korea, Japan and Thailand. So I think you’ll see barrels continue to be exported. We export some of our light crudes, Bakken crudes and others overseas. I think you’ll see that continue.
Robert Herman: Yeah. So as we’ve ramped our refineries down, we actually found ways to get down to lower utilization than we would have ever imagined, I think, going into this, Doug. And we’ve been pretty careful about how we park the units that we’ve shutdown completely, and we do have some FCCs down and reformers to unmake gasoline in the list, but we’ve kept our subject matter experts busy, making sure that we’re ready to run when the signals are there. I think we’re going to be pretty careful, though, about not bringing capacity back on too quickly because the last thing we or anybody else wants to do is starting it up and then shut it down a week later, or a couple of weeks later. So I think we’re going to look for a pretty strong and a pretty stable demand signal from the market, before we start ramping up units that might be idled right now.
Robert Herman: No, I think you’ve got it, Greg. I think this is – we’re at a moment, but I think it’s just a moment. Crude has to – I think it’s going to work its way back up. And you’ll get that typical normal delta will come back from an advantaged feedstock.
Robert Herman: Yeah. I think if you just look at it over time, they’ve prioritized making jet fuel, even when maybe the margins didn’t drive them to do that, because of their ownership structures. But there’s only so many kerosene molecules in a barrel of oil, and it’s hard to get anything else than that done and they trade away the rest of the products for jet fuel, and that’s kind of their business model. So we don’t have any insight to what they’re doing today when nobody – when they don’t want the jet fuel, their parent company doesn’t want the jet fuel, and nobody wants to trade them for jet fuel.
Robert Herman: Maybe one thing I’d add on that too, just if you think about refining margins, it’s in a $30 crude environment, a $15 margin is a lot more advantageous to refiners than it was maybe in past times when we came out and we had $80 crude or $100 crude, just because of the co-product impacts. So I think you could see refining margins rebound quickly.
