Jeff Dietert: Good morning, and welcome to the Phillips 66 third quarter earnings conference call. Participants on today's call will include Greg Garland, Chairman and CEO; and Kevin Mitchell, Executive Vice President and CFO. The presentation material we will be using during the call can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 Web site, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our Q&A session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well as in our SEC filings. Before I turn the call over to Greg, I'd like to point out a change in our question-and-answer session. Based on investor feedback on how to improve our call, and to allow everyone the opportunity to ask a question, we are asking that you limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. If you have additional questions we ask you rejoin the queue. With that, I'll turn the call over to Greg Garland for opening remarks.
Jeff Dietert: Yes, so PSX is the largest importer of Canadian crudes and we benefit from these wider discounts. Production growth is continuing to exceed; infrastructure development, production up roughly 300,000 barrels a day both in 2017, and 2018 with further growth coming in 2019 as well. The pipelines are full. Enbridge Line 3 is the next one lined up for year end next year. It's only 370,000 barrels a day incrementally. And then Keystone and Trans Mountain are kind of 2022 plus. For the time being the rails are full as well. When you look at the DOE stats for Canadian imports, we've imported right at 200,000 barrels a day for the last four months. That looks to be about what we can do at this point as an industry. There are some long-term contracts that have been signed and we expect the rail capacity to increase later this year and really more so next year. Canadian storage is at record high levels and it typically rises during the fourth quarter. So things continue to be tight with Canadian differentials.
Jeff Dietert: Yes, so there is seasonal strength there. The third quarter has got July and August, two summer months with the Fourth of July and Labor Day weekend in there as well, versus only one summer month in the second quarter. And so there is a big seasonal component there. When you look at wholesale gasoline prices, they were relatively flat in the third quarter versus more volatility in the second quarter and it's easier to push through the margins in a more stable price environment. We had strong margins in Europe as well and so really strong performance overall for the marketing segment.
Jeff Dietert: The refining -- the cook businesses is within the Humber Refinery and the Lake Charles refinery, so it shows up in our refining portfolio our refining segment. In that segment, we highlight the most important capital projects every year. And you've seen us with Wood River and Bayway FCCs with now the Sweeney FCC. We highlight all the large capital projects. And so, the fact that we haven't highlighted a large capital project; it's probably a reasonable assumption that there's not one.
Jeff Dietert: Well, we do have industry leading technology associated with needle coke production, it is a different process. And so we are very unique in that regard.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you for your interest in -- all right, thank you for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have additional questions, please call Rosie or me. Thank you.
Greg Garland: Yes, we'll I'd start from the guidance we've given that long-term we want to reinvest 60% of cash from all sources back into the business, and 40% goes back to our shareholders, so a strong dividend and share repurchase. And see us deviating from that, Doug, over the longer-term. Any given year we could bounce around a little bit. This year is going to be hard to hit. We'll hit 60-40, but it's going to be the other way, given we're already at $5.1 billion of share repurchases for the year. But there's no question I think that we're working the capital budget for 2019 now, we go to our Board, in December, for approval. So I don't want to get too far out ahead of that. So we got Grey Oak, and the fracs. And of course Grey Oak, even though it's a PSXP, it gets consolidated up into PSX. So at the consolidated level we're probably looking at something between $2 billion and $2.5 billion in '19. We'll tell you what the number is when the get to the Board in December. 
Greg Garland: Okay. That was five questions packed into one Neil, but we'll try to deal with it. So let me just start the high level and then I'll have Jeff step in and kind of give our views. So I think, first of all, no question large differentials on WCS, but also WTS differentials were strong in the quarter. We're able to capture that at Borger and to some degree into Ponca. And we ran really well, so 108% capacity utilization. So where we needed to run really well, we ran well and we were able to capture that opportunity. And I'll let Jeff comment on our future views in terms of WCS spreads.
Greg Garland: So Roger, I think the easiest way to look at this is just on a quarter on quarter change in the Canadian heavy discount 2Q versus 3Q in this case and as we go into 4Q just compare the difference in the discount at Hardesty and factor that in. We do see about a 30-day lag. And so I think it makes sense to lag that a little bit as well. But the easiest way to look at that is just sequential changes.
Greg Garland: The other thing I'd add is Roger, we have invested in infrastructure that allows us to capture that. So we have things at Hardesty, we've got commitments on pipes coming south. And so I think we're really well-positioned to capture that ARPU when it's there.
Greg Garland: Yes, well, I think, during the quarter, I think I had a wild ride, you know, in the high 30s more than doubled and went back down into the high 30s and it's below that today. And I think the industry just had a hard time keeping up with that. So it did cause some margin compression. And frankly, we always thought with the new unit that have come on, three so far, that there would be some compression in margins as these materials started hitting the market. I think that thing that we all missed was how quickly the frac capacity build up. And it was really you know, that frac capacity going up that drove the ethane prices so quickly and rapidly. I think that KIMS did a great job of adjusting their feedstock slates and obviously by cracking more propane and then putting pressure on ethane and you saw the result on the ethane prices. But I think we're going to be at this tension point until we can get some more frac capacity on and we'll see some coming on in '19. There's two or three fracs coming on in '19 and then a couple of more fracs including our frac 2, frac 3, another 300,000 a day in '20. So I think as we move into '19 and '20, we'd start to resolve that issue around feedstock.
Greg Garland: Bill, I think it's important to note that we have multiple grades of needle coke for many different applications and depending on the grade, the quality, the makeup of the needle coke. They trade at different prices. In addition for commercial reasons we don't disclose the duration of our sales contracts which can influence the prices that we capture.
Greg Garland: Well, specifically to that third quarter, we had to turnaround at quarter author on the ethylene side but we're selling out of inventory. Ethylene inventories are still relatively high and that's also leading at some of the margin compression we're seen in ethylene. I don't when see becomes a case, but actually built inventory to cover the derivatives start up from last fall to the new cracker came on and the new cracker came on better, quicker and ran higher rates than we expected and so we've been adjusting inventories and so became to bring that when inventories down. So then you come back and you think about okay, what's happening going into next year. The sales lines are still strong polyethylene sales volumes are up quarter-over-quarter we're seeing strong demand growth it really across all regions also. I would say we're constructive on the outlook for margins going into 2019.
Greg Garland: I think they certainly the Middle East assets are running at capacity we had a global OMP rate of 91% but that was influenced by the put author turn around then we had a power outage at our Cedar Bayou facility which ticked down the new cracker and the old crackers Cedar Bayou, so that really impact operates but I would, we've given guidance kind of mid 90s for the fourth quarter and I think we feel pretty comfortable with that guidance.
Greg Garland: Yes, I think as you look at New York Harbor gasoline train at $8 a barrel crack that's the weakest in two years in New York Harbor distillate strain $29 a barrel that's a seven year high, so we're definitely seeing that split seasonality is a big factor what they are VP change the change coming into the blending pool, gasoline inventories are high even relative to seasonal norms, what we're seeing is more pressure in the Atlantic basin especially on the European side of the Atlantic simple refining margins in Europe are negative and we are starting to see economic run cuts in Europe. We are in the U.S. starting to see gasoline imports slow earlier this year they were running about 800,000 barrels a day and they fall into 500,000 barrels a day and recently only 300,000 barrels a day. In addition gasoline exports to South America are improving, you look at October 27 with 700,000 barrels a day were up over a 1 million barrels a day this year, so the other side of that equation with strong distillate is encouraging runs on the distillate side but really the U.S. is well-positioned relative to the international markets, when you think about attractive crude discounts, strong diesel demand in cracks. Low fuel and operating cost and competitive taxes that we enjoy here and as you look into 2019, 2020 we expect high complexity refining capacity to benefit from the IMO environment and higher runs for high complexity, lower runs for low complexity refining.
Greg Garland: It was a Scottish definition of got me, okay. Look, I think we've consistently kind of guided to $1 billion to $2 billion of share repurchase years of past couple of years. Obviously this year we had an opportunity in February to take a big swing with Berkshire, we did, but I think the guidance is still pretty good guidance going forward, what we look at this stock price every quarter. We have a grid, we reset that grid every quarter Doug, so in the past two weeks we've been buying a lot more stock and we would normally buy, the share price fell and I think you'd want us to do that but we look at that every quarter and as I think out into 2019 kind of that $1 billion to $2 billion consistent range of share purchases will be the guidance that will give for 2019 also.
Greg Garland: Well, as a joint decision with our partner, I think that timing we've kind of guided to kind of a late '19, early '20 type FID, we are progressing work around the site location, the permits required initial designed around that facility. But I still think that it's late 19 or early 2020 in terms of FID for that facility.
Greg Garland: Yes, it's going to be interesting to see how we move forward, we'll probably see rejection maintained at high levels of the gas plants as people attempt to you to ship and fractionate the heavier barrels. So I think that rejection will stay relatively high. I think this will encourage additional NGL pipeline capacity and additional fractionator capacity because supply is likely to continue to grow as we as we go forward, drilling activities continuing in the Permian. We are drilling 600 wells a month and only completing 400 wells a month. So the duck inventory is growing by 200 every month, once the infrastructure comes online, then those completions will accelerate in and fill the infrastructure. So I think we're going to add infrastructure, add supply then add infrastructure then add more supply. We are kind of in that cycle.
Greg Garland: The answer is yes, I think we probably have room to de-bottleneck the new cracker. But we across the platform, I would say we have opportunities and some of the older assets through to do some additional de-bottlenecking. So we are not going to give a number today in terms of the volumes on that. But I think that CPChem has a great portfolio of opportunities kind of internal to the existing asset portfolio where they can get some more value out of those assets. As you know, the bottlenecks are the easiest ones to do highest returning projects typically in the portfolio, so we will prosecute those.
Greg Garland: Yes, we benefit from blocking differentials as an owner and shipper on the Bakken pipeline. We do rail volumes to both the East Coast and the West Coast. We haven't disclosed those specifically, we really don't talk about specific refinery feedstock procurement but we are seeing an acceleration and growth in the Bakken oil productions up over 200,000 barrels a day year-on-year, but it's actually accelerating it's up 75,000 barrels a day quarter-on-quarter. The pipelines are largely full, the rail logistics are tight, I think you are right with the new compliant railcars being a bottleneck there. We have had some heavy refining maintenance in the mid-continent this quarter which will lead up as we get into later in November and December but we do expect Bakken differentials to remain wide.
Greg Garland: Yes, yes so we are the global leader in coking capacity and we really achieve this through a number of previous investments and we are well positioned with our portfolio, higher diesel yields relative to our peers and significant hydro treating capacity, so our portfolio is really well positioned without significant future capital investment requirements for the IMO environment.
Greg Garland: So PSX benefits from discounts on Permian barrels and mortar refinery as well as transporting volume into the mid-continent and the U.S. Gulf Coast refineries as well. We also been benefited PSXP from the ownership and the 900,000 barrels a day grey pipeline and the South Texas gateway facility. So those were the primary beneficiaries of the wide Permian dish during the quarter.
Greg Garland: So, I think we're doing everything we can around the portfolio to create value out of these opportunities.
Greg Garland: Well, first of all, you are right, we probably have 700 to 900 million EBIT at the PSX level, that's MOP qualifying EBITDA although 300 or so that resides in our array finding business today. We just don't see the need to do that, we have such a strong portfolio of organic opportunities investable at PSXP and it has a balancing and the capability to execute those projects that I suspect that it will be a longtime before we get to the need to do any drops, it gives us comfort that we have in there we need them, but I would just say we are comfortable with the structure, we think about PSXP is a vehicle to help grow our midstream business, I think we said many times, we will be very comfortable of all the investments we are making a mid-stream, could be executed to PSXP level. And indeed, we've grown from almost zero capital budget to $750 million this year. And this afternoon, we are going to tell you a budget over a billion dollars for PSXP over 2019. So you can see that the strategy is evolving. And so, it's doing what we needed to do in terms of helping us to grow our midstream business and we are comfortable with it.
Greg Garland: Well, so I would say that, our export terminal which was 150,000 barrels a day design we've demonstrated kind of 200,000 barrels a day we are running about 180,000 barrels a day. Our view, we're constructive on the export market growth for LPG's and indeed, when we look at all the NGLs coming at us, out of the Permian, Eagle Ford and the other basins, we are going to need to export LPG to clear the U.S. markets because the U.S. man just not going to grow fast enough to absorb that. So I think we are comfortable with the growth profile we see out there. I think a lot of people have questions around tariffs and what tariffs they are doing, what we are seeing as of the markets pivoting around the tariffs today. So we have the Chinese buyers that aren't necessarily shipping to China today. And then maybe trade now for Gulf cargo but the markets working in our view at this point in time and I just think longer term we will certainly solve the tariff issue, so I don't think we are concerned about that on a medium to a long-term basis. So we like the profile, we see I think that the issue is that the asset from our view is still underperforming our expectations even at kind of these 180,000 to 200,000 barrels a day given where dock fees are, we think doc utilizations in the U.S. are still around 83%, 84%. Let's say, as we move into '19, we see those utilizations improving. We think the opportunity to earn fees will improve. But in this market today, I don't think we would be interested in taking a long-term contract at $0.06
Greg Garland: Yes, as utilization of the existing LPG export capability moves from the 80s to the over 90%, we expect that those margins will start to widen out across the dock. And there will eventually be a need for additional capacity which will push those margins up and offer some opportunity for contracting.
Greg Garland: I think from an industry perspective, the excess inventory is really in ethylene part, not the derivative part of the chain.
Greg Garland: So it's really people making adjustments on the ethylene production side to bring the ethylene inventories back into line. And I mean, when you look at, we look at the full chain margin. And so what you've seen is the margins really shifted into the derivatives over the last couple of quarters. And I mean, that's the value of being totally integrated from that perspective. But I suspect that as ethylene inventories kind of comeback to more normal, some of that margin shifts back into the ethylene side. But, from a CPChem perspective, they're kind of agnostic, because they, they capture that full value through the chain. And so, managing inventory is just part of good blocking and tackling and capital discipline around working capital. So I think that, what we fundamentally look at, we look at the Middle East, so the asset is running, this inventory is stacking up at the docks, it's not, it's kind of continues to be a strong buyer and inventory seem to be clearing through that system. And, of course, demand in the U.S. appears very good to us fundamentally. So I just -- we are constructive in our outlook in 1920 and '21. And from a fundamental supply demand balance issue, we see increasing operating rates, which I think is constructive towards margin as we move forward in that business. And so, I think that the comments around inventory are really specific around kind of the third and fourth quarter. I think, as you get into '19, those start to clear out in terms of the ethylene slide side.
Greg Garland: Yes, so I would say there're multiple parties involved and they uplift to 900,000 barrels a day. So the line we are building a 30-inch line regardless. And so, but it was nice to be able to farm up those commitments and it certainly Enbridge has an option to come in that option expires in November, I think. And so, I think by the fourth quarter you'll have visibility and where they decide to exercise that option or not. I hope they do. They are great partner, if they don't we are willing to keep their share. I say it's a great project. So you'll have some more insight into that. In fact, all the other people that have options to come in to Gray Oak have to do so by November. If I was going to bet your money on it, I think our ownership is going to be 42.25% because I think the people will exercise their options to come into the line, I know, I would.
Kevin Mitchell: But Neil -- this is Kevin -- as you look into 4Q you would normally expect to see the demand will come off seasonally as it typically does. And so you would expect weaker results from that segment as you go into the fourth quarter from the third.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, that's right. I'd point out we're at a different spot than some of the ones that have rolled up. It's a billion dollar plus EBITDA, we've grown at a 30% compound annual growth rate, the distributions. On our call later this afternoon for PSXP, we're going to lay out a great organic portfolio of projects that's investable. We kind of made the pivot from a drop down story to organic growth story. PSXP on its own has substantial capacity to invest. And so, we just look at it as a vehicle to help us grow our midstream business. And so we like that component. We think PSXP is a strong entity and a valuable part of our portfolio. Now, IDRs this is certainly a topical question and I don't think we'd go a meeting that we don't get asked about IDRs and what are we going to do with IDRs. I would say that we don't think that there's a constraint on growth created by the IDRs today. Although, we do acknowledge that there's a lifecycle to MLPs. We certainly understand that. I would say that the path to how you deal with IDRs is a well-worn path and well-understood by most people. And the only guide rails that we would put is we're certainly willing to deal with the IDRs at the appropriate time, but it's going to have to be in a manner that is fair to LP unit holders but also to the PSX shareholders. So we'll get the IDRs at some point.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. So it's a combination. It's not that you've got then NGL impact, the strong NGL prices, and you had improved pricing across all grades of coke, so petroleum coke, and coke, needle coke and so strong pricing across the board and so that all contributes to that, that's a secondary product impact.
Kevin Mitchell: Well, that depends on where the markets go. I mean that category as if you look back over time. That moves around it can move around quite a bit in terms of the overall impact on capture, so it will move as market conditions do so.
Kevin Mitchell: They were also down during that period of time and so that they're probably impacted that the amount of the positive direction on secondary products but I think the coke market globally has improved, there's no question around that. We have two refineries certainly like troughs in Humber they're probably most of impacted implements particularly by the specially grade cokes. The last two, three years we've been working to develop new markets for specially great cokes one of those is the anodes and lithium ion batteries and we've made good progress there and developing a new high valued market for us. Lot of the other specialty coke goes into our furnace production and that's tied with the global economy and so you have to answer the questions as sustainable or not have become common and he continues to do well. I think this business will between you do well for us but if it's a relatively small component in the overall mix for gold 66 it was completely overshadowed by the margin improvement we saw on the central quarter around, you think about billings, you think about Wood River and [indiscernible] $25 spread there.
Kevin Mitchell: Well, I think the gasoline market's going to be challenged through the winter months. I think as we shift into next year there's going to be a focused on emphasizing distillate yields in an effort to improve distillate yields with confidence that, that's a longer term event with IMO coming as opposed to the U.S. that really tries to maximize gasoline yield in the summer months. It's certainly possible that we could have maximizing diesel yields year around for the next number of years and so we're looking at those yields shifting as IMO approaches feedstock in FCC feedstock is a good Marine blending component which could have the impact of reducing FCC runs as well and shifting more product yield into distillate and added gasoline. I think that's how we get out of this, but gasoline's probably going to be soft through the winter months.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, this is Kevin. I mean fundamentally the way that what drives the distributions from the equity affiliates or the operating cash flows within the equity affiliate, less in the case of CPChem, WRB less the capital spending that they're undertaking at the, at that level at the JB level. In the midstream, it's a little bit different because most of those affiliates are distributing, most of their operating cash flow is not all and then the growth capital expansion capital is being funded by contributions back in to those entities. So you've seen a robust distribution so far this year so just over $900 million in the third quarter, the year-to-date through the third quarter is just over $2 billion of distributions coming out and so you think about WRB which both refineries have benefited very well from the overall crude differential environment that we're sitting in and WRB will essentially distribute most of its cash. There's no incentive, neither owner is incentivized to have the partnership sit on more cash than it needs to fund it's ongoing operations, so that's part of it as WRB does well and so the cash distributions coming back will do so with CPChem, some of this has been a function of the capital spend has come off significantly with a big project complete that's all behind us now and so the capital spending program this year is quite a bit lower than it had been. And so they're in a position to continue with pretty healthy distributions. We had guided to perceive became $600 million to $800 million of distributions for the year we've done $725 million through the third quarter and it's certainly possible that could be another distribution coming in the fourth quarter, so pretty healthy outlook from that standpoint.
Kevin Mitchell: No, I think that's a reasonable assumption. It's always hard to get forecast working capital with too much precision given the amount of moving parts there are within that but high level we would expect that to reverse and so the full year working capital is something reasonably close to breakeven.
Kevin Mitchell: Maybe also ran our first. We also ran our first train out of the Permian this year around to or this quarter around to.
Kevin Mitchell: From a domain perspective, we see continuing growth in the residential and commercial side for LPGs internationally, especially in Asia, as well as for chemical feedstocks.
Paul Sankey: Thank you, good morning. Hi guys. Could we take a little bit more about chemicals, I thought what they would actually be that weaker then the results that you achieved, could you just give us an outlook for both volumes and margins your best guess that would be great. Thanks.
Paul Sankey: Great. And then the follow up is just on gasoline, again the market exceeded our expectations which is little bit conference here to discuss generally in a rising price environment and that was anything to add on that if additionally you could talk little bit about what looks like a very weak gasoline markets at the moment whether that's transitory effect to already what's going on there. Thanks.
Paul Sankey: Correct, Jeff, that was extremely helpful her year maybe you should think about yourself that made? Thanks guys.
Doug Leggate: Thanks. Actually going to do my questions and Paul just tossed out one so I'm going to hold up Jeff if I may and it's probably for you. There was as gasoline situations been an action waiting to happen given the strength of runs in the U.S. but my question is when you think about export of light sweet crude it was Gray Oak and capacity expanding on the Gulf Coast, along with the IMO in pipe for European refiners, in other words higher runs, combination seems to us to be another threat to gasoline in 2019 the higher runs, lighter yields. I'm just curious if you can offer your thoughts on how do you see the gasoline market improving in an IMO world next year or going into 2020 I guess.
Doug Leggate: I appreciate it. I am only going to take the rest of the one offline, but my follow up is for Greg and Greg, you're going to hear this because I ask it every couple quarters I guess and it's clearly the split between the dividend and the buyback and I want be very specific and we agree with you that your stock is undervalued but you never tell us what your number is, we unfortunately have to publish our number, so we're kind of there now exposed sort to speak but the point is that you're not immune to the seasonality the weakness, the market weakness and all the rest of it. So my question is are your buybacks, are you committed to ratable buybacks, are you a bit more to selling and when you execute your buyback program and in this environment why wouldn't you swing the benefit of your diversified portfolio back towards more of a dividend cut than a buyback cut in terms of the cash, and I'll leave it there. Thanks.
Doug Leggate: No, no, no, what I mean is the split. When I say, "Cut," I mean like that which way cuts in favor of dividends versus in favor of buybacks -- choice of phrase, sorry.
