Mark Lashier: Thanks, Jeff. Our third quarter results reflect the continued favorable market environment and our strong operating performance. We ran at high rates during the summer driving season to meet peak demand for critical transportation fuels. Our Refining business delivered improved market capture this quarter, supported by strong distillate cracks and wider discounts for heavy sour crudes. In the third quarter, we had adjusted earnings of $3.1 billion or $6.46 per share. We generated $3.1 billion in operating cash flow. We're committed to strong shareholder distributions. During the quarter, we ramped up share repurchases in a meaningful way, purchasing almost $700 million of common stock. Including dividends, we returned $1.2 billion to shareholders. During the quarter, we continued to focus on operating excellence and advancing our strategic priorities. Our enterprise-wide business transformation is underway. The team is implementing key initiatives to deliver results. We look forward to providing more details at our Investor Day next week. In Midstream, we realigned our economic and governance interest in DCP Midstream, LP and Gray Oak Pipeline, LLC. Our economic interest in DCP Midstream increased to 43%, and our economic interest in Gray Oak Pipeline decreased to 6.5%. At the same time, we made an offer to acquire all publicly-held common units of DCP Midstream, LP. Our increased interest in DCP Midstream allows for further integration and optimization across our NGL business. The wellhead to market value chain structure will allow us to capture new commercial opportunities and optimize costs. Additionally, we started up Frac 4 at the Sweeny Hub on time and under budget. In October, Frac 4 achieved full run rates, bringing our total Sweeny Hub fractionation capacity to 550,000 barrels per day. CPChem is pursuing a portfolio of high-return projects, enhancing its asset base as well as optimizing its existing operations. This includes growing its normal alpha olefins business with a second world-scale unit to produce 1-hexene, a critical component in high-performance polyethylene. The unit is being constructed at CPChem's Old Ocean, Texas facility and will produce 586 million pounds per year. CPChem is also building a new propylene splitter at its Cedar Bayou facility, which will expand its capacity by 1 billion pounds per year. Both the 1-hexene and propylene splitter projects are expected to start up in the second half of 2023. CPChem continues to develop two world-scale petrochemical facilities on the U.S. Gulf Coast and in Ras Laffan, Qatar. A final investment decision for the U.S. Gulf Coast project is expected before the end of this year. In Refining, we're converting our San Francisco refinery into one of the world's largest renewable fuels facilities. The Rodeo Renewed project is expected to cost approximately $850 million and begin commercial operations in the first quarter of 2024. Upon completion, Rodeo will have over 50,000 barrels per day of renewable fuels production capacity.  Now I'll turn the call over to Kevin to review the financial results.
Mark Lashier: Yes, Doug, we are going to cover that a bit next week. I think that there's two things to take into consideration there. What -- as the market mid-cycle moves, it has our ability to generate EBITDA move. And certainly, the piece that we control, we know we'll be moving and we'll provide details next week. And as far as the market, we're still watching that to see how that evolves. But we'll be more focused on what we're doing to drive our mid-cycle going forward.
Mark Lashier: Yes, Neil, we're very pleased with the Central Corridor performance. There are a number of factors that differentiated the second quarter to the third quarter and a number of things that happened in the third quarter. I'll let Rich dive into the details around that.
Mark Lashier: Thanks, Roger. That's a great question. I think that CPChem has a long history of focusing on the long-term fundamentals. And they never tried to time any particular cyclic movements to drive their growth plans. They've always focused on capturing advantaged feedstocks and maintain their global market presence. And that's what they're doing here as well. Frankly, if you look back in history, the projects that have just happened to be countercyclical, where the investments made when there was a downturn, they tend to come online when things are turning back up and that's beneficial to the economics, then we -- it looks like that may be the case here. You can never predict when things will turn around, but it will take about four years to execute each of those projects. And so yes, it will be what does the crystal ball say in that time frame. But we focus on those long-term fundamentals and what we see as kind of a mid-cycle margin for those opportunities.
Mark Lashier: Yes. This is Mark. I'll come in at a high level, then I'll let Rich and Brian follow up. But I think generally, those are constructive for us. It's -- I think it could strengthen our position, particularly around distillates and it's going from strength to strength. But I will let Brian and Rich comment on the details.
Mark Lashier: At a high level, John, we are committed to buybacks. We had to hold back in the second quarter due to a blackout period. And so that kind of held us back for a bit. But what you saw last quarter is just a signal that we are serious about buybacks. And I'll let Kevin talk about the balance between what it will require to execute the roll-up of DCP versus share repurchases. But we have got a solid plan. And like a broken record, I'll say you'll hear more about it at Investor Day.
Mark Lashier: Yes. Thanks, Matt. That's a great question. We've talked to the folks at CPChem about that. I think part of it is that lack of European capacity though. Though we do, the Middle East assets do supply a lot of volume into Europe but they continue to perform well. The interesting thing is others have had to cut back production in North America, CPChem continued strong production. They had some unplanned outage but no intentional cutbacks. And I think that reflects their cost position. They didn't have to cut back to contain inventory. They didn't have to cut back due to economics. They had -- they ran strong and were profitable. And part of that is they're heavy into high-density polyethylene and the dynamics there are a little different than linear low-density polyethylene. And those that were cutting back were more exposed to that segment of the market. So I think they're -- while no one's having any fun in that environment right now, they are positioned a little -- to be a little more productive during this difficult time. And then as far as the fourth quarter, fourth quarter is typically soft and we continue to see this new capacity that's coming online being digested. Margins have gone down. Marker margins have gone down to just about the breakpoint. So I think as you see people that have cut back, as you see them signaling to the market that they need prices to go up and polyethylene to continue to provide what is needed in the marketplace, it's sounding feeling like it's kind of hit bottom. We'll probably see it hit bottom in the fourth quarter and then slowly recover. It will take a couple more quarters to really -- to see a lot of movement upward, but I think you're seeing those signs of bottoming out.
Mark Lashier: Yes. Thanks, Paul. This is Mark. Your first question, we've been, along with the rest of our peers in the industry, engaged with the Biden administration around the challenges that they see in the marketplace. And it's earnings season, a lot of integrated oils are coming out with very, very solid results. And I think that's the target of the President's latest comments. Our view is when we get off of the public rhetoric and engage with them to address the issues of inventories and supply and cost and price. It's been constructive. And they know that they have to proceed with caution because things that they try to do could disrupt the markets even more. And they are listening and they are taking into account the advice that we've been giving them along with our peers. You have to remember that there's an election next week, and I think that there's going to be a lot of rhetoric right up to that point in time.
Mark Lashier: Oh, I'm sorry, Paul. I was so focused on that first question, I forgot to answer your second question, Paul. Renewable diesel strategy. Yes. Obviously, the first step is the successful execution and commissioning of the Rodeo Renewed project. We've -- we put our toe in the water there with a small unit at the San Francisco refinery. We call it Unit 250. That's been quite successful in the marketplace. We are involved in aggregating feedstocks, both in preparation for Rodeo as well as our Humber facility. We're producing renewable fuels there, including sustainable aviation fuel. Rodeo will provide some sustainable aviation fuel as well. And so we kind of look at that business as renewable fuels, not just renewable diesel. And we're taking a hard look at options around sustainable aviation fuel. Certainly, the IRA Act was supportive of SAF. And we've got some thoughts there that we're looking at. Bottom line is we're going to -- whatever we do, we're going to be incredibly disciplined, and we've got to ensure that we've got a competitive advantage when we go off in these directions, that we've got line of sight on feedstocks and that we've got the right capital cost when we execute these projects. So that's the primary focus, not just getting bigger but being better in every one of those things that we do.
Mark Lashier: Yes. On the -- Jason, on the headcount issue, yes, we've been focused on our business transformation for well over a year now, and this is a facet of that work, and we've been executing that portion of the work. It's material. We will provide more details next week at Investor Day. I think though, it's a clear signal of our commitment to lower our cost, to eliminate unnecessary work, to have an optimal organization to go forward in what is an ever-changing volatile environment that we did execution reduction in force during the best two quarters in our history.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Doug, thanks. It's a good question. So we feel pretty good that even with consolidation of DCP, that debt-to-capital ratio, net of cash, is sub-30%. So we feel good about the metric from that standpoint. And also, if you just look at debt-to-EBITDA metrics, they're still very strong. But the reality is it's $17.8 billion, circa $18 billion of debt on a fully consolidated basis. And so I think given the overall financial position we're in, the cash generation that we have, you'll see us continue to do some debt reduction. Bear in mind, we haven't yet funded the buy-in of the public, so that puts more pressure on the balance sheet regardless of how we actually execute on that funding between debt and cash. And so we'll continue to want to make some debt reductions. But the difference now between where we were over the last couple of years, where we're trying to get rid of the pandemic debt that we had added is, we don't need to make debt reduction the #1 priority for discretionary cash. Cash generation, cash balances are sufficient that we'll be able to do some -- gradually chip away at the debt balance and, at the same time, continue to return a healthy amount of cash to shareholders.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, John. So in terms of the DCP roll-up, our expectation is that will be a combination of debt issuance and cash on hand we'll use to fund that. And to my earlier comments, I feel pretty confident that with where the balance sheet sits with the cash position we have, with the cash generation we have, we'll be able to manage that in terms of -- yes, we will want to subsequently reduce debt. But with the overall cash position, we should be in a position to continue to return significant amounts of cash to shareholders. So I'm not too concerned that the DCP transaction is going to negatively impact our ability to buy back shares.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Jason. In terms of operating cash flow, that detail will be available next week at the time -- early next week when we file the 10-Q. But what I would say, I know there's a lot of interest in working capital and we're still finalizing that level of detail. But what I would say is, based on everything we've seen to date, we don't think that working capital was a very significant component of operating cash flow. So there'll be a working capital impact, but it will be pretty minor relative to some of the other numbers that you have seen out there. And I'll just leave it at that.
Brian Mandell: Neil, this is Brian. I'll start by saying that WCS started weakening with unplanned maintenance. WCS was forced into the Gulf Coast and then forced to compete with SPR barrels. We've released about 180 million barrels of SPR crude. Most of that has been sour so we competed with WCS. High sulfur fuel oil has also been weak and it competes as well, given weaker bunker demand and the end of summer utility burn. And also, generally, WCS is purchased by Asia and India, and they were out buying euros, Russian crude, so they weren't buying as much.  And finally, WCS has a high naphtha cut, and that naphtha has been very, very weak because of the Chemicals business. So that also caused some pressure. So currently, WCS is at about $30 differential. Q4, if you look at the forward curve is at $26 off and next year is about $23 off. So we assume that it will continue to be weak and the market players also feel the same way.
Brian Mandell: Sure, Roger. Brian again. Maybe I'll start by saying that our diverse geographic portfolio with business both here in the U.S. and in Western Europe and our diverse channels of trade. We have unbranded, branded and retail help us when we think about our Marketing business. But Q3, a number of things that we saw that helped the business. In Germany, it was a tax holiday starting in January 1 and ending at the end of August. Also overseas, the low Rhine and the one Austrian refinery down actually helped us and generally helps us. We have alternative supply at MiRO Refinery there in the South of Germany, which helps us particularly in the south of Germany. And our exchange agreement terms also give us a competitive advantage. We had the general falling of spot prices, which helped us. Shortage of Russian distillate in the market as well helped us internationally. And then I would say, conversely, in the U.S., we actually saw margins come off in Q3 from Q2. But overall, we had a very good quarter.
Brian Mandell: Maybe I'll start with the macro and Rich can talk more about our assets. But clearly, the market around the world is tight, particularly on distillates. In the U.S., we're under 2015 to 2019 ranges by 22% inventories. That's -- that was a very, very weak inventories, given that we're starting to go into the winter season. Refineries around the world are making diesel over gasoline currently. So there are a lot of things that may take some of the edge off and alleviate some of the stress on the market. First around the world, we're coming back from turnarounds here in the U.S. and elsewhere. The Chinese have increased their quotas so you'll see more gasoline and diesel on the market in Asia. The French refinery strikes are coming to an end, so those refineries will be back up. And then we're seeing kind of moderate weather forecast for both the U.S. and Europe. So why we'd expect the margins to remain strong, and I think the ultimate moderator for those margins will be demand.
Brian Mandell: Yes. Generally, when you have weak naphtha, Matt, you have high or large octane spreads, and naphtha's been very, very weak so gasoline blenders need the octane to blend into the gasoline to make finished grade. And I would say that like most marketers, we're about 11% or 12% on our premium in our Marketing business.
