Jeff Dietert: Good morning, and welcome to Phillips 66 second quarter earnings conference call. Participants on today's call will include Mark Lashier, President and CEO; Kevin Mitchell, EVP and CFO; Brian Mandell, EVP, Marketing and Commercial; Tim Roberts, EVP, Midstream; and Rich Harbison, SVP, Refining. Today's presentation materials can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our safe harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during today's call. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings. Before we begin our discussion, I would like to highlight that we will be hosting an Investor Day in New York on November 9. With that, I'll turn it over to Mark.
Jeff Dietert: Yes. Doug, we have between 1.3 million and 1.5 million barrels a day of capacity growth per year in the '22, '23, '24 time frame. Now that will be offset by about half as much capacity that's announced rationalizations that will be coming out of the market, including our Rodeo Renewed that we're converting to a renewable diesel facility. So there will be some capacity growth, but the market is tight, as you know, from the cracks in the marketplace and the inventories today currently.
Jeff Dietert: I think one of the things we identified in the first quarter was just some timing issues associated with the rapid increase in crude price. Crude price continued to increase in 2Q, so the direction of crude price could have some influence on market capture, depending on which direction it moves.
Jeff Dietert: And I think, as you know, Matthew, the work done at Rodeo and converting it to a renewable diesel facility and the conversion of Alliance to a terminal are examples of our searching for better opportunities for some of the existing assets.
Jeff Dietert: And we like the economics of Rodeo Renewed. We've talked earlier in the call about the strength in the distillate market and the diesel market. And so those economics look strong.
Jeff Dietert: Thanks. We greatly appreciate your time and interest in Phillips 66. If you have any questions following today's call, please contact Shannon or me. Thank you.
Mark Lashier: Thank you, Neil. And it's a great question and I appreciate that. There's a number of dimensions that we're looking at that. You mentioned our business transformation. At a high level, we've mentioned that we're targeting over $700 million in expense reduction, and we're quite confident in that number. There's probably a little upside there, but we're transitioning from analyzing what we can do identifying what we can do to executing. So we're launching into execution as we speak. When you think about Refining, cost is a big piece of what we're doing in Refining and it's a big piece of that whole $700 million. We're looking at things like standardizing across our Refining fleet, how we do things. We're looking at centralizing many of the support functions for our refineries all the way out to looking at how we do maintenance, how we operate and optimize using digital, things that we've implemented to do better maintenance at a lower cost to optimize more aggressively, to identify opportunities quicker. And when you think about the margin capture, it really boils down to utilization, yield, reliability, things like that. And we've got things in flight to address reliability, things to enhance the yields of what we produce and certainly maximize our ability to utilize those assets. All of that -- some of that was in flight before business transformation hit, but all of that will come through in business transformation. And beyond the cost element, we're really pushing the organization from the bottom up to identify opportunities. The folks out on the frontline have a big role in identifying the things that they think are inefficient in what we do and how we can capture those efficiencies and change the way we work. And when you layer on that, the digital things we're putting in place from Wi-Fi in our facilities to different kinds of sensors on our pumps and different processing equipment so we can better monitor them in real-time, it's all going to add up better utilization, pushing that operating envelope even further. And that will enhance our reliability and our yields as we go forward. So there's a number of dimensions that we're pressing on, Neil, and we think they'll all contribute to much stronger competitive performance in our Refining sector.
Mark Lashier: Yes, Neil, we're in alignment in that. We think the fundamentals are strong for our kit going forward and we need to operate very well. We will see some turnarounds come back into the picture later in the year, later in the quarter, but we see an opportunity to run strong. Our assets are in really good shape. And the crude diffs are certainly moving in our favor, and our ability to outperform on distillates versus gasoline will be strong. If you look at the fundamentals around the cost curve between the U.S. and Europe, if you look at the fundamentals around where inventories are, we just can't build any inventory with prompt demand where it is. We're bullish on that outlook as well.
Mark Lashier: You broke up a little bit, Doug. I think the first part of the question was about our view on capacity additions. I'm going to have Jeff address that. And then we may have you repeat the second half because you broke up a little bit.
Mark Lashier: Yes. I think at a high level, we're happy with Humber's performance. They're doing a number of things really well. They're profitable. I think Rich can provide a little more color on our competitive position there.
Mark Lashier: Yes. I don't think we have any single points of failure in securing any equipment that we might need to keep our operations going.
Mark Lashier: Yes, Manav, that's a great question. We've got four pillars in that business that we're trying to establish ourselves. Of course, the nearest and the most actionable is around renewable diesel, sustainable aviation fuel, converting assets that we have to produce things that are very, very close to us. We -- the longer-term things around batteries and carbon capture and hydrogen, you'll see us making more modest investments to learn how to take on those things. Across the whole spectrum of these things, we're going to take a very disciplined approach around capital investment. We've got good line of sight on Rodeo. It's a high-return project. It's going to be the lowest capital cost per gallon of any renewable diesel facility that we're aware of. We really like that project. It's in the right marketplace. It's got the right logistics and feedstock access. As you look further out in time, you look at the NOVONIX investment, it was a modest investment. We won't invest in a big way in assets in -- to chase batteries or to chase hydrogen until we see line of sight on good returns, returns that our investors will be happy with. But we do have to take steps now to understand how you can create value in those value chains. Where is the right position for us to establish a competitive advantage and bring the right products, the right energies to the market that needs them? So we are not adverse to doing inorganic things if it makes sense. And as we've demonstrated, we've entered into joint ventures to help explore these opportunities, or we'll go out organically on our own in areas that are very close to our wheelhouse that we believe we can establish and capture advantage and capture real value in.
Mark Lashier: Yes. I think as we look at the businesses we're in, there's good integration across these businesses even as we add the Emerging Energy opportunities. If you think about needle coke going into batteries, as you think about our ability to produce and market and capture the full value chain around things like renewable diesel and sustainable aviation fuel, the Midstream assets that are integrated, in many respects, into CPChem and our ability to see through there, I think that, that -- we're pretty comfortable with the integration opportunities there. There's always individual assets that we look at that may be able to create more value for someone else and we take a critical view at that consistently on our portfolio, if there's opportunities to do things around individual assets. We're always in optimization mode. But I think at a macro level, I think we like the businesses that we're in.
Mark Lashier: Yes. I think as far as this year, you're right, this year has been a catch-up year. We caught up on a lot of turnaround activity that was deferred out of the heavy COVID season because it was too risky. And we were able to save some cash outlays during volatile times. So I think you'll see the turnaround activity much lower and more typical year in 2023.
Mark Lashier: Yes. As far as the portfolio and investments, I think that we always plan and have a strategy around investing where we can create the most value. I don't think we're talking about exiting Refining. I think that we see a long-term future in Refining, but we've got to make sure that we've got the right Refining assets to deliver what the market needs in the right locations. And I think that we've done a nice job of selectively investing in retail joint ventures that have helped capture the kinds of opportunities that you saw in the second quarter. Midstream certainly as the Permian, West Texas basins came on strong. There were opportunities to put Midstream assets in to capitalize on that as the growth in production there slowed down, as consolidation occurred in upstream players, that changes that landscape. But we certainly continue to look for the right opportunities to create value around our Midstream assets, whether it's participating in consolidation or finding some pieces here or there, we can invest in that's different. There's continued strong fundamentals, long-term fundamentals in petrochemicals that we want to participate in the above GDP growth. We'll do that primarily through CPChem, but if we see opportunities where we can produce chemicals out of some of our existing Refining assets, we'll take a good look at that. And then again, I mentioned in the opening comments that if we can find very targeted high-return, quick payout projects in Refining to improve our yield, to improve our utilization, to enhance our ability to capture what the market has to offer us, we'll make those in a very disciplined way as well. So I think that it's -- the overarching strategy is driven by disciplined capital investments, finding the right way to capture value for the markets that are available to us. And then we'll be building out our Emerging Energy business, too. And we're not going to invest, though, in emerging energy opportunities just to fly an emerging energy flag. It's going to be there to create value and capture value. So that's where we're headed.
Rich Harbison: Yes, certainly. Thanks, Mark. And Doug, good question. And certainly, it's on the minds of a lot of folks right now. The price of natural gas in the European market has gone quite high. Fortunately, for us, the Humber facility has a very mature energy stewardship program. It's been in place for over 20 years in that marketplace. They're a very efficient operation, actually the lowest CO2 emitter in the UK refining systems. They're a very low consumer of purchased natural gas. And in a high natural gas price environment, obviously, there's some impact on their business, right, as far as electricity costs that are externally provided and chemical costs in those areas, which are consistent with the broader industry as well. But primarily, where Humber's advantage is in the operation is that fuel efficiency. And they buy very little to no natural gas for fuel gas supply to the facility.
Rich Harbison: Yes. And they consume a little bit of hydrogen but mostly self-generated inside the facility. And that hydrogen price will be impacted a little bit by the natural gas, that's right.
Rich Harbison: Well, we're certainly seeing supply chain restrictions, lead times taking a little bit longer. But there's no specific supplier that we've identified at this point in time that has us concerned about our ability to continue to conduct our business. In some cases, maybe we're splitting suppliers and are moving to others. But we don't anticipate inside the Refining organization any significant supply chain issues at this point.
Rich Harbison: This is Rich Harbison here. Market capture in Refining, we had a nice bump over the first quarter, right? 61% market capture, certainly improved over the first quarter. We're working to continue this trajectory. We are -- we'll be subject to some planned maintenance on the backside of the next quarter, that has some potential to impact that market capture. But really, our key is focused on, as Mark indicated earlier in his opening comments, it's around the reliability programs that we're implementing and improving our utilization of the existing facilities, while we also focus on turning our products into the highest value, which are generally clean product yield improvements. So we think that's looking directionally good for us in the third quarter, and also the early indications of the widening light heavy crude differential are also a good tailwind for our kit.
Rich Harbison: This is Rich Harbison again. The primary difference between those two regions was driven by turnaround activity. It's really as simple as that. We were down for a good part of the quarter at a couple of facilities in the Mid-Continent area.
Rich Harbison: Yes. And John, it's Rich. As you alluded to there, the CARB, the California Resources Board, state agency that's responsible for managing the LCFS program, has been talking about the LCFS program and the scoping plan development in recent conversations in the Sacramento area. Just the conversation itself seems to have stabilized the LCFS credits over the last several weeks and that seems to be a good signal. However, we're still not clear as to where this whole discussion is going. There has been some talk about changing the required obligation side, which will likely result in increased credit demand. But more specifically, CARB's been discussing or proposed to discuss some changes to the CI reduction, carbon intensity reduction, that was originally targeted in 2030 as a 20% reduction. But now CARB's considering increasing that reduction to 25% to 30% by 2030. But this is all in conversation at this time. So let me emphasize that there's no certain path forward at this point. However, we do think the Rodeo Renewed project still is quite attractive. And it's -- that project is premised on lower carbon intensity feedstocks as Brian mentioned there. And with the installation of the pretreatment unit, it still puts us in quite a competitive position at the facility.
Rich Harbison: Yes. So this is Rich again. One of the things I'll mention, I'm quite honored to follow behind some of our previous leaders who instituted some programs here that we're now really taking advantage of. And one of those programs has been to improve our predictability of our turnaround execution. And we -- those are really now starting to take shape. And we've been able to do that by improving our planning processes, execution, onboarding, all the fundamentals of executing a turnaround. And that's paying dividends for us now. And so that's the primary reason that we're working towards the lower end of our guidance on the annual spend is really our execution performance has been much better than we anticipated actually from that part.
Rich Harbison: Yes. So the guidance isn't driven by deferrals of turnarounds as we've been executing those turnarounds.
Rich Harbison: Okay, yes. Thanks for the question, Paul. Early in the second quarter, we received the land use permit from Contra Costa County to execute the Rodeo Renewed project. That included also a certified environmental impact report. That has subsequently initiated preconstruction activities. And we're on a path to significantly reduce the on-site criteria pollutants and support California's objective of producing lower life cycle carbon intensive transportation fuels, while we continue to support family wage jobs there. So I think we're on a path to execute Rodeo Renewed. I don't see that changing at this point in time. Rodeo Renewed is a very capital-efficient project, which Mark mentioned earlier. It's roughly $1 a gallon investment versus other projects that have announced that are much higher in the $2 to $3-plus range. So we see Rodeo Renewed project remaining on track for start-up in Q1 of 2024.
Brian Mandell: Generally, for most refiners, we think in somewhere in the $10 to $12 range, we're advantaged versus those refiners. Rich pointed out Humber and where that stands versus other refiners in the market.
Brian Mandell: Well, thanks, Roger. Maybe I'll take that. This is Brian. It's hard to see a solver for distillate coming up in the winter. We're at low inventories. If you look in the U.S., we're at minus 20% versus 2015 to 2019 averages. We're heading into a turnaround season. Demand is strong. We've seen demand better than 2019 currently. Refiners are running now max distillate, and we have in every pad jet RIN adjusted over distillate prices. We're heading into harvest season. Cost to produce in Europe, as we just talked about, is expensive versus the U.S. so they're not going to be able to help much. We think there's about 150,000 barrels of Russian distillate off the market, which doesn't help much either. So I think as you pointed out, we're distillate-heavy in our system. I think that's going to be a good thing going forward, given our view of distillate.
Brian Mandell: Theresa, this is Brian. I would start by saying that Marketing did do well in the quarter, in large part because of market volatility in all the markets that we market in. And also because of the seasonality, Q2 is typically, as you know, a better time for Marketing than Q1. And we benefit from having a diverse portfolio, both geographically. We have operations here in the U.S. and in Western Europe and by marketing to a number of customer channels, unbranded, branded and retail. But I would say, besides market volatility and seasonality, we saw strength in a number of areas across the portfolio. I'll give you some examples. In the U.S. branded business, we sell product to discount retailers who perform very well, given the current market. In Germany, volumes recovered in part through the benefit of a German tax holiday, which started at the beginning of June and will end at the end of August. Also, our Austrian marketing business benefited from supply constraints related to Austria's only refinery, which is currently running at 20%. We supply our marketing from alternative supply destinations. And I think finally, I'd say across the portfolio, retail, which we've been building in the U.S. and have overseas performed really well, including inside sales of convenience store products. So we saw a number of opportunities to help the business, including, of course, volatility and seasonality.
Brian Mandell: I would say on the marketing side, we've been running more low CI material through Unit 250, which has been helping us. If you take a look at the oil, the heating oil spread, it's the slowest in the past 1.5 years, in large part because heating oil has risen much quicker than the feedstock into the plant. That's a benefit to us. And the RINs, as you know, are very highly priced as well. So in terms of margin for Unit 250, it's very, very strong right now. We'd expect that to continue for some time.
Brian Mandell: I'll start with BTCs and then Rich can take LCFS. But I would say that we premised the project, Rodeo Renewed without the BTC. So that's an add-on to our economics. I think as you know, all the credits move together, so we wouldn't expect to see the full dollar but we'd expect to see some value of that in the economics going forward.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. I will because it's an important point. Two projects of that scale running. Obviously, that's a big capital outlay. But when you factor in both joint ventures, so CPChem is 51% of the Gulf Coast project, 30% of the Middle East project. And then both will be subject to project financing on the Gulf Coast 2 project. The financing is being actively worked at this point to get that ready for FID. But the expectation is if you think of about 50% project financing, combined with the fact that CPChem's ownership is at 51% on one and 30% on the other, that dramatically reduces the cash outlay that CPChem will have as they're funding the construction of those projects.
Kevin Mitchell: And Manav, it's Kevin. Just to reinforce the point, we have a balance sheet but we are going to be very diligent in how we use that balance sheet. And so our expectation is that if we're putting our balance sheet to work, we're expecting returns that meet all of our typical thresholds as we've talked about in the past.
Kevin Mitchell: Theresa, it's Kevin. I would just also add that in the quarter, there's probably about $80 million of gains that are associated with inventory-related movements that we would expect that to come back in the second half of the year, realistically third quarter. So there's that component that is included in those results.
