Greg Garland: I don't think we put out a number in terms of the rail terminals. I would say that probably typical Midstream type multiples is kind of the returns that we would expect out of those.
Greg Garland: I think its kind of 500 is what exists today in terms of the EBITDA, and the balance is growth, Evan. And I would say, those are fairly typical tight Midstream projects and returns. There are some that are better than others in that. The other thing you think about too is, we get the MLP to scale, it can co-invest and they can do some of these projects on it also. So I don't know that I would necessarily think that all $2.3 billion of that ultimately would be built at PSX and initially drop into the MLPs. There will be some combination to that going forward in the future. But our challenge today is really get the MLP to scale, have a balance sheet, so that they can access the debt and equity markets.
Greg Garland: Jeff, I think when we look at it, I like to think about it that we probably got about a five month outage when we think about Port Arthur. So that's roughly in the range of say 750 million, 800 million pounds of lost production, and then you can put the margin on that. I think the third quarter was mitigated somewhat by coming out of inventory, so that will continue to be an impact over the next two quarters. But in macro, we just think about it in terms of the lost pounds, and that's kind of how I'd think about that opportunity, that you can put the margin assumption on there that you'd like, but that's the best way to kind of put that estimate.
Greg Garland: Well I think we have consistently said we are going to target a 20% to 30% debt-to-cap and we certainly wanted to float in there, if necessary. I think we have purposely structure the company to be successful; continue its growth investments, continue strong shareholder distributions in a volatile commodity environment. So we don't see any change to our strategy.
Greg Garland: No. I think that -- I would say we are on track. Our strategy is a transformational change into a Midstream logistics company, with great refinances and great chemical assets, and I think we are on path. We have laid out more than $2.3 billion worth of EBITDA growth between now and 2018 in our Midstream segment. I think we are -- I would say we are pleased with the project portfolio we have. We are executing well, in terms of delivering on those commitments.
Greg Garland: Well the first thing I was going to say, we hope you do live to 100, but you got to give us credit for the 740 we have done; so we have done $1.1 billion this year, as you think about the drop and the MLP and I would say, we have consistently said, our view is that -- we will probably keep our foot on the accelerator, [indiscernible] in terms of the Master Limited Partnership. It’s the valuable part of our growth program, in terms of funding this Midstream growth. And so I think that clearly, we have stated intentions that clearly, the long term will be -- top quartile in terms of distribution growth will certainly parse [ph] 2015. But over the years, we are going to be quite a bit above that.
Greg Garland: We have got a great backlog of projects Ed, as they come on. I think it has increased that backlog of droppable EBITDA. So we are going to -- to Greg's point, you're going to grow your MLP and commensurate with that Midstream growth; and its always a possibility that we could look at some type of opportunity to expand that. So I think that's just part of our strategic view that we see a lot of value creation in that segment and the MLP is just a really key piece to make that happen.
Greg Garland: That has not been -- the FERC tariffs have not been filed. So once that's complete, that will be available. But we believe, I will say this -- that this will be the most economic pipe solution from the Bakken to the Gulf Coast.
Greg Garland: Yeah so second versus third, we had -- Alliance came back on after turnaround, so you had more exposure to light and medium grades with that. And then there was less availability of [indiscernible] the crude, and that was backfilled with more light medium. So we had a mix effect, that gave more exposure to light medium versus heavy in the third quarter.
Greg Garland: Paul, on the secondary products, I mean clearly as the cost of feedstock has come down, the margin on those products has gone up, and so that's kind of the direct correlation versus some price movement maybe on those -- maybe on the LPG in the cokes and those kind of things. But its really around that feedstock value, brings up the value of that secondary product. And so I think that, that really depends on the absolute level of crude. Maybe in a broader statement, with crude prices coming down, you've got probably on the direct margin, the chemicals business has -- probably could have I should say, the most exposure, as that margin comes in versus naphtha cracking. But generally with the margin business, there are just a lot of moving parts to what that really inputs during feedstocks and products.
Greg Garland: I think its probably $5 a barrel better quarter-over-quarter and I think assuming that crude stays where its at, that probably carries forward into the fourth quarter. But we always seem to have better capture in the fourth quarter anyway historically. So we will just have to see where it goes.
Greg Garland: Paul, I think on the infrastructure, clearly the location of the refining asset has a snipping impact on the crude slate. So clearly the Midcon, some of the billings, pretty focused on the inland crudes. I think it really hinges on the optionality around say the Gulf Coast. Our infrastructure though, we think about it like this, that we have access to that, and we will go to the best value on the refining slate, and then we have got opportunities with our logistics to move those crudes into whatever market makes sense. So there is kind of a double-edged drive on the logistics as increased third party capability, as well as supplying our own system, and I think that's the balance that we are looking for.
Greg Garland: Well I think we keep that option on the table, and our comment -- my comment would be that, I would expect that mainland U.S. prices would probably adjust to be competitive. But we work around that short term optimization in our system today, and so we will flex as that differential moves, and we got the best value in our refining system.
Greg Garland: The distillate market still looks strong. So I think, kind of moving into the season, we are going to like that exposure on distillate side.
Greg Garland: I think we are close to 1 million barrels a day, with Beaumont plus the 420,000 that we have in the PSX refining system. Our view is we will continue to expand that. I think that the U.S. refiners, given the energy price advantage and some crude advantage are going to be well positioned to compete in export markets globally. But certainly in most, that are most geographically close to us, like Latin America, South America, West Africa, to a certain degree, Europe. But there is no question, you have got some big refineries coming up in the Middle East, that are targeting Europe and Asia, and they are very-very competitive assets, that I think [indiscernible].
Greg Garland: You know, we continue to do both. We have actually run the Jones Act ship up around the Bayway also, and so I think you will see us continue to do both.
Greg Garland: Well we had given guidance earlier this year on 2015, and so we will go to our Board in December and ask for approval for our 2015 budget. But certainly, I think that you should view that DAPL and ETCOP investments is incremental to what we have already said.
Greg Garland: So that's the total value, and we will have a share of that total capital commitment. And its still, so you are in open season, you haven't done a lot of -- there have been some engineering work, and those kinds of things, so you are very early in the formation of the project on that.
Greg Garland: So its really around the contribution of the assets and everything, so that is -- the spending really occurs in 2015 and 2016, as kind of the split between those two years as we go forward Paul.
Greg Garland: Fairly small spending this year. Really, the bulk of that spending on that total occurs in that 2015 and 2016 time period.
Greg Garland: That's a great suggestion Paul, and we are going to do that. We talked about that this morning in fact.
Greg Garland: Paul, I guess I look at, there is equity debt component and we targeted three times EBITDA on debt, and I think you look at the MLP access on the equity side, you start to see that $1 billion. So somewhere between $1 billion and $1.2 billion is kind of roughly in the range of what we think about could be managed from a purchased standpoint.
Greg Garland: No I think you've got -- as you go forward, with that you have got to have the equity offering or the debt to purchase the asset. So I think equity offerings are a natural way to grow that capability. It doesn't get into acquisition or a share exchange regarding that, that's a different issue. But just in terms of accessing the market and where the cash comes from, it really has to be held back from a distribution or asset come from access to debt and equity.
Greg Garland: So basically, as we have looked out, we are in the middle of a major project right now. Our view has been that the project will be funded with the Chemicals business, there will be distributions for tax payments. And next year is kind of the peak spending year, so I think a little bit there. And I think going forward, its really a question about, do they have the right return projects and the market fundamentals, and to the extent that they can self-fund and grow, we'd really like to encourage that. So I think our expectation is that, that they will continue to grow. But to a degree to which they do that, really depends on the view of the returns on the project and how much. But we do expect that to be a self-funding venture, with the payments back to the owners, at minimum tax distribution and discretion beyond that.
Greg Garland: Well I think we are -- CPChem is certainly looking at all the options and looking specifically in the U.S. at a couple of things. And so it really is still very early, looking more, at I would say conceptual market feasibility of returns that we expect and so just taking a hard look at that, but not really engaged in a lot of enduring work at this point. So its really decision point that they have got to bring forward to the owners for some approval and discussion. So its out there in ways, in terms when we would take any kind of investment decision, or if we would go forward. I think just generically though, as we consider the opportunity universe in the Chemicals business, we still think that the U.S. Gulf Coast is probably the best place to invest. And I think that, and at least from our perspective, we wouldn't hesitate to go forward with the second cracker. I think the real challenge is where you're going to put it and what are you going to feed it, and that's kind of what we are working through right now.
Greg Garland: So we think the market capacity, given the size of this MLP, is probably somewhere between $1 billion to $2 billion of what we could do annually. And so, we could just leave at that. We really haven't given forward forecast of what our drops are going to be, other than around just quantify top quartile type of growth and distributions. I still look at the refining business, the volatility of the refining business, and I would say, we probably would not put that into an MLP at this point in time. Just given the different yields and access to capital and cost of capital and using that Midstream business then to kind of tie up and integrate with our refining assets and improve our refining assets long term.
Greg Garland: As you think about, first answer, the Bakken pipe is not in those numbers. And so clearly, that would be incremental to that, and you should expect typical tight Midstream returns outside of the Bakken pipe. What are in the numbers, essentially the frac-1 frac-2, the LPG export, and we have said $700 million or $900 million of EBITDA in there. One of the things that the organization has done really well in the last year, is to queue up a really strong portfolio of growth opportunities for us to invest in. Around our footprint if you will, and we are executing well, in terms of getting these projects started, getting them up, getting them running. And so I feel really comfortable with our portfolio, our capability to fund it, and we like the opportunities that we see.
Greg Garland: So I think -- when I look at it, its not predicated on supply into our system necessarily. It’s a great option, and that's a value that we bring to our refining system. We like the fact it’s a long haul crude pipe from the basin, that ties directly to our Beaumont terminal and so we got options across that Gulf Coast system, you got Midwest delivery. So we like that, it can tie into our supply, and it’s a factor as we think about that, but its not -- the key driver was not supply, but it was really around the Midstream opportunity. So we think it’s a great asset, its going to continue to enhance our position in the Bakken or our position in the Gulf Coast. Great linkage.
Greg Garland: So we are in the middle of an open season, and we will take a commitment, but that's all we are going to say on that.
Greg Garland: I don't think that Port Arthur is going to impact the run rate on hexane-1. As it ramps up into 2015, Port Arthur is going to be back up and running. So I don't think Port Arthur is going to enter into an equation in terms of run rate. In terms of fully ramping the facility, I don't know, it will probably ramp over in 2015 and 2016, would by guess.
Tim Taylor: Evan, this is Tim. So roughly, I would say for every $10 in TI on just a cost basis versus ethylene today, you could kind of think about price in a pound compression on the margin and the cost side. Market factors impact that as well. But long term, that's kind of the structural difference. So its quite large today. We have anticipated that that would come in with ethane rising a bit more than crude. I think structurally, we still feel that the gas to crude ratio kind of stays in the ballpark. So I think it has some compression, but I think we plan for some of that, and we still fundamentally believe that crude will be relatively expensive to a gas-based feedstock.
Tim Taylor: Yeah, I mean, I think crude's going to fall substantially to takeaway that advantage. So you would look across that value chain, but today where it is, they are still -- I think, incented to do that. Probably, I think more about it just in terms of favorability of the feedstock, but we have always had a strategy at CPChem around ethane-based cracking and that's been a very good place to be, so we looked in the Middle East, looked in North America; and I think fundamentally, we would say that crude would have to go quite a bit lower before we'd see that advantage dissipating. But that is a factor that we will think about in terms of additional investments, wherever they are.
Tim Taylor: We are in the middle of an extended open season on that, and so -- we really don't disclose the commercial details, but I think the capacity we have talked about is at 450,000 barrels a day.
Tim Taylor: Yeah. I think that you've got to let that process work itself out. And we would -- obviously, with the extended open season, I think the prospects are that that may increase.
Tim Taylor: I think structurally, pretty good demand, if we look at gasoline demand and distillate demand in the U.S., so that was the opportunity. But longer term, we still know that exports have got to happen, as we continue to run and incented to run. And so I think that we will continue to flex, as Greg said, but you should continue to expect exports to be a significant part of the U.S. refined business.
Tim Taylor: On a U.S. perspective, no, and so I think those are still markets that are there, and those are logical markets to access from the U.S.
Tim Taylor: Sure. I think that I would say we are on track with the return enhancement plan that we laid out, since like two years ago and updated this year. As you know, the biggest component of that is really accessing advantaged crudes and we are driving to 95% advantaged crude capture. But that's not the whole story, once you get advantaged crude, you look at the next best advantaged crude, you displace that barrel too. So I think around the infrastructure that we are investing and it does have the ability to help us liberate higher returns around our integrated refined assets. So we will continue down that path, and we will get to 100% advantaged crude next year or so, as we continue to move these projects forward around infrastructure. You think about the portfolio, I think we said this year we will close on Bantry Bay and so we are on track to do that. Whitegate, really a failed process. No interest in someone buying the Whitegate refinery, so that asset is essentially off the market for now. We have an ongoing process in Melaka, and I think our expectation has certainly ended this year, first quarter next year, we will complete that process.
Tim Taylor: Paul, our view is that its availability of production on the Latin American crude side; I can't speak to others, but certainly we have seen that, and in the interim, we are readjusting the supply chain. Clearly Canadian crude, heavy crude to the Gulf Coast can be a piece of that, that's starting to move with more rail infrastructure up there. So I think new supply options are developing as that changes, but that's our view is that, it has really been a reduced availability, that certainly we have seen.
Tim Taylor: Yeah. I mean I think in response to demand. So we have been very happy with the startup, been very happy with the customer reception on the product side. So it has gone very well, but you do have just the normal ramp up in terms of demand and how that works.
Greg Maxwell: Phil, its Greg Maxwell. I think as we look at it, we've got the large system and we trade around that, and so we end up having both crude and product impacting our inventory builds, that was the case in the third quarter. As far as regionally, we would expect that to reverse itself largely in the fourth quarter from an inventory working capital perspective. But other than that, we don't have any real guidance down to the particular regions.
Greg Maxwell: That's correct. We saw a negative -- or a positive in the second quarter and then a bit of a negative in the third quarter. So it is sort of a double dip, when you compare quarter-versus-quarter.
Greg Maxwell: And Paul, on your crude inventory question, I think you are as spot on as prices go down, you do see some flowed impact between net accounts receivable and accounts payable. We haven't publicly quantified that for anyone, but you will see some impact.
Greg Maxwell: Paul, this is Greg. If you look at the percent of the distributable cash flow that's received by the GP for this quarter's announced distribution, that would be 8%.
Greg Maxwell: Doug, I think our current view would be that 2015 to begin and certainly self-funding and putting distributions back to Chevron and ourselves.
Paul Sankey: Hi guys. To the extent -- you have been asked a lot of questions around this, but obviously -- arguably we have move to a new price environment here. Firstly, I was a bit surprised that your earnings weren't boosted more, you tried to break that out, but in the core products area, would we expect the lag to come through in Q4 from price downturn? And could you try and sort of [ph] how much of that would be sustainable, if its all possible if we stayed at this kind of price level? Secondly, from the current price level, would you expect there to be an inventory or accounting of inventory impact? And then I am going to follow-up, which is a kind of a bigger question. Thanks.
Paul Sankey: Okay. I will follow-up on that. And then the bigger question I had was that you have obviously invested a lot and succeeded in getting a much more, what you call advantaged crude slate. I was wondering how sticky that would be, if we saw a situation, where for example, global crude prices were at or below U.S. prices? I assume that your infrastructure investment would lave you still wanting to use the domestic option? Can you give us -- I mean, I don't know if I am barking on the wrong tree there, but the idea is you kind of incentivize by your infrastructure to use the domestic crudes almost to a much tighter price maybe than other people might think? Let us say if we --
Paul Sankey: Yeah, I guess I am just thinking out loud. The final question, do you have any observations on distillate markets right now? I know you have a relatively long distillate, anything that you could add? Thanks a lot.
Doug Leggate: I guess, one of the things that has come to you periodically has been how we are -- I guess, how is the Street trying sort of value [ph] on your Chemicals business and the Structure business right now. And I hope you have been trying to look out, is the free cash flow outlook. So I am wondering if you could help us, how you see the self-funding chemicals growth evolving to a free cash position, and where you are in the decision process for the second tracker, which obviously would defer that free cash movement and [indiscernible]. That's my first one, and I have a follow-up please.
Doug Leggate: Thank you. And my follow-up if I may, all the way back to the MLP again. I guess, one of the things a lot of people talked about, drop downs and drop it down faster and all this kind of stuff, but there is no real discussion around time, value and money, tax basis, more importantly the impact on the refining business. So I guess, what I am really trying to understand is, what do you think is a reasonable pace that the MLP could actually handle by the way of annual sort of ratable acquisitions or growth if you like? And I guess in the same kind of vein, do you ever think that -- I guess its 10% of the $2.5 billion post this deal is refining -- within the refinery gate. Is there a scenario where you envisage moving the refinery EBITDA into the MLP, given the implications or the volatility of the refining business? And I will leave it there. Thanks.
Doug Leggate: That's really helpful; but I guess the answer I was looking for, because a lot of your -- some of your competitors are, I guess a slightly different view of that. Thanks very much for the answers guys, I appreciate it.
