Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Laurel. Good afternoon and welcome to the Phillips 66 First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. With me today are Chairman and CEO, Greg Garland; President, Tim Taylor; EVP and Chief Financial Officer, Greg Maxwell; and EVP, Clayton Reasor. The presentation material we’ll be using during the call can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website along with supplemental, financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our question-and-answer session. Actual results may differ materially from today’s comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here on the second page as well as in our filings with the SEC. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Greg Garland for some opening remarks.
Kevin Mitchell: Faisal, this is Kevin. It’s a function of revaluing the crude payable that we have in the U.K. so we have U.K. functional currency and the revaluation of that dollar denominated payable with a strengthening dollar environment, creates a loss.
Kevin Mitchell: Thank you very much for participating in the call today. We do appreciate your interest in the company. You’ll be able to find the transcript of the call posted on our website shortly. And if you have any additional questions, please feel free to contact me or Rosy. Thanks very much.
Greg Garland: Thanks, Kevin. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. We had a good quarter. Adjusted earnings were $834 million or $1.51 per share. Our West Coast refining business ran well and benefited from the significant improvement in cracks. However, on the Gulf Coast, we did not perform to the level of our expectations. We didn’t execute the lines refinery turnaround as planned and extended downtime prevented us from capturing the full value of improved margins on the U.S. Gulf Coast. On a positive note, our workers at Alliance achieved the safety milestone of 15 million man hours without a lost-time injury. This is terrific. During the quarter, cash from operations was $1.4 billion. In addition, we received proceeds of $1.5 billion from Phillips 66 Partners’ debt issuance and first follow-on equity offering. We invested $1.1 billion and supported midstream growth while maintaining operating integrity in our refining system. Consistent with our commitment to capital allocation, we returned $671 million of capital to our shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Since we started our share repurchase program, we’ve completed $5.3 billion of the $7 billion authorized. At quarter end, our share count was 542 million. Our midstream growth projects continue to be well-executed. Sweeny Fractionator One is now over 70% complete. And the Freeport LPG export terminal is about a third done. Both projects are on schedule and on budget with startups expected in the second half of 2015 and 2016 respectively. We continue to aggressively grow Phillips 66 Partners. In March, we completed a dropdown of our third interest in the Sand Hills and Southern Hills NGL pipelines, as well as our 19.5% interest in Explorer refined products pipeline system. These assets provide portfolio disbursification [ph] as well as additional fee-based revenues to PSXP. As we said, Partners is an important vehicle to grow our midstream business. Over the last five quarters, PSXP has executed over $2 billion in acquisitions, demonstrating continuing commitment to its top tier distributions growth. PSXP’s goal is a 30% compounding distribution growth rate through 2018. In chemicals, CPChem’s normal alpha olefins expansion project at its Cedar Bayou facility is on schedule for completion in mid-2015. Also, construction continues on a world-scale U.S. Gulf Coast petrochemicals project which is now about 40% complete with the startup in mid-2017. We expect both projects to come in on budget. DCP continues to be an important part of our NGL value chain. As one of the nation’s largest natural gas gatherers and processors, over 10% of domestic natural gas flows through DCP Midstream assets. It’s a must run business. To derive short term liquidity needs, DCP Midstream achieved current [ph] relief on its bank revolver until year end 2015. DCP has also implemented steps to reduce corporate costs in its capital budget. Spectra Energy and Phillips 66 continue to progress the restructuring of the business. And we anticipate that we’ll be able to share more details with you in the coming months. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Greg Maxwell to review the quarter’s results.
Greg Garland: So, Evan, just kind of reiterate what we’ve previously said maybe about DCP, it’s a great asset. We think that we like their positions in the value chain. We like the areas where they compete. And so we view it as a strong asset. Unquestionably, the lower commodity prices put some stress on that. And so we’re working to correct that. What I would say is I think that both Spectra Energy and ourselves are in agreement on the path forward and that we’re executing that. And we don’t want to get out in front of the activities that are ongoing. So I would just say we’re in process. We’re not at the beginning, but we’re also not at the end of that process. So we’re working through it.
Greg Garland: So I mean, we’ve guided that 2015 is going to be a heavier turnaround year than 2014. I mean, normally, we’re kind of $400 million-ish on turnarounds. I think we’ve guided $650 million or so this year. And Greg just gave guidance for $150 million turnaround expense in the second quarter. So it’s going to be a heavy year for us all the way through in turnarounds. I don’t know if anyone else has any color on that but - okay.
Greg Garland: Well, so this is mostly maintenance turnarounds but there are activities going on where we’re doing some debottlenecks to push more lightweight [ph] crude. We’ve done it at Alliance, we’ve done it at Sweeny. And we’ll continue to work our way through the system at Bayway and other places to be able to handle those lighter barrels. And we’re probably up $100,000 today, over what we were say two years ago in terms of our ability to handle lightweight [ph] crude across the system today. So we’ll continue to do that. But this, by and large, the bulk of the activity is more just routine maintenance.
Greg Garland: It was about 8% of production was maintenance, about 6% was unplanned downtime and about 2% was planned downtime. So I mean normally what we do is we would take that and multiply it by the margins as they lay. So for instance, we think our end plan [ph] downtime is in the neighborhood of about $80 million across the system
Greg Garland: I think in terms of optionality, that’s one of the things we liked about Beaumont that it certainly gave us a footprint and one that we can certainly expand in terms of optionality around crude exports with MLP. So I think that that’s a potential we certainly think about. I still don’t see short term lifting of the ban on crude exports. We’ll see. I mean, it’s a political decision, as everyone knows. And certainly the volume is being turned up in many quarters around exports. And we continue to support lifting the ban on crude exports as a company. We think it’s the right thing to do. We’d like to see a broader conversation around energy in our country to include being able to build pipelines and a conversation around Jones Act ships so that we can effectively not be outcompeted by moving crude around from the Gulf Coast to East Coast refineries. But at the end of the day, I think we have some optionality in our portfolio that would play well under the act if that happens.
Greg Garland: Okay. So let’s start with CapEx. And I think we’ve consistently said we view that this is the heavy lift year for us, peak year. We’re still working through ’16 budgets and obviously need to go through our board approval process. But we’re thinking the range is in $3 billion to $4 billion for ’16 in terms of capital. And the 60-40 allocation, we remain committed to. And that’s an average of the essentially the ’14, ’15, ’16 timeframe if you want to think about it that way. What I would say is in any one quarter, you shouldn’t look at that quarter and expect that you can annualize that across the year. On the other hand, if you think about $4.6 billion of capital expense, you think about $1.1 billion or so dividend expenses here, then you can take your pick on cash. But you also have to roll into that equation the drops and the cash we get back from the drops and the PSXP as part of the funding vehicle, then you can kind of back into - share repurchase can be in the range of $1 billion to $2 billion this year.
Greg Garland: Well, I think yes, I think we’re looking at somewhere between $3 billion and $4 billion for 2016, Paul. Obviously, we need to get that through that board and get that approved. And we’re still thinking about it. But it’s definitely going to be down from the $4.6 billion level this year, and in that range of $3 billion to $4 billion next year.
Greg Garland: Well, I think that we’re going to have a, what I would say, is an aggressive growth profile at PSXP. So as you think about on consolidated basis, most of that capital spend start moving to PSXP. As it gets scale, certainly, it can stand on its own feet. It can coinvest in a lot of these projects, ultimately invest in these projects. And so you may see consolidated capital up in that level. But that PSX in the level of PSX, we expect that to go down more to a maintenance level type activity.
Greg Garland: Well, we might see the West Coast this quarter. But, fundamentally, our long-term view of West Coast hasn’t changed. We think it’s really a challenged place to do business. And we think we have kind of - we have good assets, but we think they’re average you have crossed that portfolio. And so we’ll continue to work the thick strategy around the West Coast as we look at more optionality around getting the advantage crude into those assets so kind of cost structure, et cetera, around those assets. But I would say, there’s nothing that’s changed our fundamental view on West Coast assets today.
Greg Garland: Yes. I think that’s probably not bad. We purchased about $2.2 billion in ’13 and about $2.2 billion in ’14. And so I think it’s been a pretty consistent number for us if you want to think about it that way.
Greg Garland: We’ll see. We’ve got a way to go on that project. On some of our projects that are nearer to completion, for instance, the frac-1 and I think we have a good charter bringing that in under budget. We’ll see as we finish execution on that project. So I would say that the odds are in our favor of executing well on this environment. And taking some pressure off is a good thing in terms of project execution.
Greg Garland: Happy to do that. I think that fundamentally our views on capital allocation have been very consistent since the spend. We see an opportunity to create a lot of economic value for shareholders by growing our MLP faster. And so we’ve had kind of had our foot on the accelerator there. Certainly, we’ve been willing to use our balance sheet, use our cash to incubate projects at Phillips 66, but ultimately our debts [ph] are put in MLP. What we’ve also said is MLP gets the size and scale. And it grows up so to speak. It should be able to stand on its own two feet and generate value. So I think we’re kind of in this period of time where what I call interim period, where we’re building on behalf of the MLP. But that changes with time I think if you think about that going forward into the future. But clearly, for us to get to $1.1 billion of EBITDA by 2018 and generate $20 billion of value for our shareholders, we’ve got line of sight on that. We’re clearly focused on executing that well.
Greg Garland: Yes. So we felt really comfortable with the slide of projects we have with frac-1, LPG export facility. Felt good on both sides of those contract-wise, in terms of executing on those projects. In our original plans before we saw the follow up in crude prices. We probably would have taken frac-2 to FID [ph] late this year and the condensate splitter. We pushed those at least a year at this point. I think we’ll see what Oakland impact of the reduced capital spend is on the EMP side and where liquids are really going to go. But in our planning, they’re pushed at least a year at this point in time. But our view is crude going to stay $50 either. And as crude prices come back and you can pick your level of what they go to in ’16 and ’17, then I think these projects are going to be necessary to get these liquids to the market center and you’ll see the investment go forward. And Tim, if you want to comment on anything.
Greg Garland: No. There is expansion capability in those new NGL pipes built out of Permian, on Sand Hills, as well as the Mid Con. So as the volumes can ramp up, we can do a fairly low cost [indiscernible] to get ramped up in the pipeline. And of course, that creates opportunity to the G&P side for DCT.
Greg Garland: Yes. I would just say we’re not opposed to putting debt at CPChem. And if you look historically, we just don’t hold a lot of cash there.
Greg Garland: Yes. That’s not the current plan. So I think [indiscernible] and ourselves are aligned around the [indiscernible] we’re progressing our restructuring of the business. We’ll be able to tell you more about it in the coming months. And I think from our perspective, we’re satisfied that the DCT emerging from today as strong company that can meet its commitments and obligations. And we’ll be the preferred supplier in the areas where it does business.
Tim Taylor: Hey, Jeff, it’s Tim. Yes, I think that structurally LLS Louisiana remains tight logistically. And so I think that when you think about logistics out of, say, Texas and Louisiana pipe or ship, we’ve got a lot of constraint there. So I think that supports that differential couple of dollars. And then ultimately, there is the import option. And so I think that that presents kind of a cap on the LLS in terms of [ph] working separate. But that said, you would - if you can’t get those lighter curds in Louisiana for competition, it will so that that issue will continue to keep Texas discounted and Cushing discounted relative to Cushing. And ultimately, we’re working the solutions to look at how do we logistically get more of those crude options into Louisiana. We’ve talked about a pipeline out of Beaumont into Louisiana that we’re working and some other things. So I think that those take more time but it is part of what we work on.
Tim Taylor: I think you looked at the breakover in inventory this month. And our view was that at some point, if the crude production of light continues, it’s got to move to the Gulf Coast for storage. And so I think you’ve seen some of that. You’ve also got more connection out of West Texas to grip [ph] into the Gulf Coast. And all those things impact that. But given the storage situation at Cushing, I don’t think it’s surprising that you’ve seen movement now out of that region. The real input is going to be how much crude production continues to flow out of the Permian and the Midcon into the system.
Tim Taylor: I think the market comps are pre-tax. And I think that’s the relevant measure when you think about other GPs or you think about the LPs. It’s a pre-tax basis and I think that’s the fair way to look at that.
Tim Taylor: I think we think about it in terms of the EB. And EBITDA multiple and as you value those streams and that translates into that EB and that’s how we think about some of the parts basis. So it really is on a pre-tax basis when we think about that uplift, yes.
Tim Taylor: Yes, sure. I think that in the first quarter, we saw the readjustment, the lower energy complex and the margins have come in. Particularly in the olefins chain, if they’ve stabilized, you think about the pricing in terms of the feedstocks and the margin. And we’re seeing increased demand. As the energy prices come up, I think it’s actually encouraged people to begin their buying. So we’re seeing demand up really across the world, so Asia, Europe, U.S. and I think that supports that margin. So I think we still remain convinced that the chemicals business is going to continue to perform well. Margin is still less than ’14 based on the current crude price outlook but still a pretty business model from a fundamental demand standpoint.
Tim Taylor: Paul, it’s Tim. On Europe, I think it is a combination of some turnarounds as I held - looked to the season right now. Clearly, with grant moving down, they were able to capture some margins well. And then we’re seeing stronger demand out of Middle East, particularly on gasoline and some of West Africa. So I think that’s helped support the demand side from a European standpoint. So I don’t know how long that goes on. But that was certainly the dynamic that we see in place in the first quarter and continuing right now. On our system on gasoline demand, you’d like to have a number of [indiscernible] but generally across our wholesale and branded marketing network, volumes are up. It varies a lot as you look across the system. But a couple of points on demand seems like where it is. Whether that’s sustainable, I think we need more time. But certainly, it’s been something that supported the gasoline side. Diesel demand is off from somewhat to flat because of really seasonal planting and perhaps some impacting energy. But still pretty strong market on the diesel side as well. But gasoline is probably been the surprise in the demand side.
Tim Taylor: So product inventories are on, as you know, at the high side of five-year range. We haven’t seen that develop and everything continues to push the run side. You’re entering a strong season now on demand. So I don’t think that’s something that we anticipate. There’s less storage opportunity on the product side. So if it does develop, I think you’d see runs reduced. And then of course we keep an eye on what’s happening globally with the new supply. And as that comes on, that can have an impact as well. But right now, we just haven’t seen that as at an issue.
Tim Taylor: Yes. I think that when we look at it, we still think we’re watching the production side. And so I think it still needs to find a place for storage. Cushing is pretty close. And so I think that’s part of that. We look at the Gulf Coast, we’ve got a lot of room on storage. So I think that was where we thought that would go. And so there’s some time I think still left to see where inventory build goes versus the production side on the EMP side. And then fundamentally what would have to happen next is you might have to push on some medium, imports or some way to drive that displacement. But I think we’re ways off. But certainly, you have seen that move and you’re watching the pad 3 inventory of crude grow. So I think that there is between imports and inputs from the [indiscernible] in particular and Cushing you’re seeing that move.
Tim Taylor: Yes. So we stand by the guidance of double-digit dividend growth in ’15 and ’16 [indiscernible] purchases. As long as the [indiscernible] intrinsic value, we’re going to be buyers of the shares and we look at that. I would say, don’t take one quarter and say that’s a run rate. We’re in the market every day. We buy more some days than others. But in general, I think we’ve kind of guided you to expect that that would be between $1 billion and $2 billion this year in terms of share repurchase.
Tim Taylor: Yes, Blake, it’s Tim. I think that we anticipate - with like chemicals, we continue to see growth there. And we’re going to participate at. So we’ve talked about a second, for instance, cracker project, sometime past 2020, somewhere in the world with North America and Middle East remain very logical places we think for a light cracker. And beyond that on the financial side, is I think we - that business will continue to be self-funding. But generally, we would expect surplus cash return back to the owners as well. And the leverage issue is just something that owners would consider. With this big crude, you want to keep the balance sheet very strong there. It’s great shape today. But it is something that we can always think about. But fundamentally, that’s a strong business in terms of cash generation and ability to fund this growth.
Tim Taylor: Yes. I think as we’re seeing that is we’re seeing some opportunities to run the existing framework that weren’t in that plan. So some smaller project execution, the Bayou bridge, east out of bowman [ph] is a possibility. So we continue to develop other opportunities maybe to move from the market centers into the demand centers. So I think that’s another dimension. So we still feel that there’s good infrastructure growth and that certainly needs to be filled the next several years.
Tim Taylor: We haven’t published that. So we really can’t speak directly. Our belief is it’s going to be the lowest cost from one of the lowest cap options to get crude from the Bakken into the Gulf Coast.
Tim Taylor: Yes. This is Tim. So we get guidance analyst day of around $7 billion on midstream. I think that number is still pretty good. So I think the EBITDA associated with that, you take the existing EBITDA and you put the MLP, we talked about PSXP being over $1 billion. That still exist with that pool of over $1 billion of droppable EBITDA should we desire to do that. A lot of that cap are those in those development various stages in development. And then there’s a backlog of projects. So we’re still on target. The absolute timing of that number may move out a year or so based on that. But fundamentally, that still has a great backlog of droppable EBITDA on the projects we have under development.
Tim Taylor: Well, I think we look at CPChem and you look at the cash generation, you said good solid business, so it gives a flood of options and there’s a lot of capacity there. So it’s possible that it could come back if we did that to the owners.
Tim Taylor: This is Tim. I guess we continue to look at the process piece and say, with this slowdown, liquids production that we anticipate the EMPs have reduced their spend, we think that pushes that push on that really light condensate perhaps at least a year. But that said, I think we’ve looked at field and we’re prepared I think to address it from a how do you get it from the yield to a market center or to an export dock, is an opportunity. I think having a larger frac offers a lot of opportunities and options about where to go with the product and the types of exploring [ph] it to do where you do a deeper cut or just a topping piece. So exports are an option, filling out other parts of the refining system are an option. So we kind of like that centralized idea from the standpoint that we think it provides more market options ultimately in the system.
Tim Taylor: I mean we’re looking at that all the time. And what I would say is there appear to be a lot of distressed prices out there right now. We might say we’re a little surprised by that as we think that through but we just don’t see any compelling cases out there today. But we’ll continue to watch that.
Tim Taylor: Fai, this is Tim. So we’re progressing. We’re about 35%, 40% complete, gone well during the field constructing. And so we’re actually doing dock modifications, building tanks, putting in the compressors or foundations, still on target to start that up in the fourth quarter of 2016.
Tim Taylor: Faisal, one last comment from me. Just so we don’t launch another ship today, I would say spinning DCT is way down the list of the same and so I wouldn’t expect that that would emerge as a potential outcome.
Doug Leggate: All right. I thought I’d try, sorry about that. Just to have a quick run [ph] because I figured that may be a quick answer. Could exports, Greg, not your opinion so much on good exports, but your opinion on what it could mean for the MLP in terms of opportunities if indeed we did see a relaxing of that rule. Are you exploring any opportunities on those lines at this point? And I’ve got one final follow-up, please.
Doug Leggate: Thanks, Greg. My last one is a little cheeky, really. It’s a bit more conceptual but I guess I’m kind of asking you to do our job for us to some extent. When we were on the road, we had this discussion, I just wanted to get your latest thoughts on it. The value of your GP in the midstream and I guess in the MLP units as well, how do you think about getting recognition of the GP in particular in your stock? And internally, do you think about your ownership on both those species [ph] on a pre-tax or a post-tax basis? Do you think the market should be pre-tax or post-tax? I’m just trying to kind of resolve an issue we’re trying to get to the bottom of here.
Doug Leggate: I guess where I’m getting at, Tim, is when we think about how that should translate to the PSX share price on a pre-tax or post-tax basis.
Greg Maxwell: Doug, this is Greg Maxwell. We did have that discussion while we were on the road. And I will say it’s an interesting discussion. We’re continuing to look at it. So obviously we’d like to have some ongoing dialog with you as we work through this.
Greg Maxwell: Now, Faisal, this is Greg Maxwell. As part of the restructuring that Greg mentioned earlier, we’re looking at all those different ins and outs and the pros and cons of the different restructuring of which includes any tax impact. So it would come about as well as tax planning opportunities.
Greg Maxwell: Faisal, this is Greg Maxwell again. One thing to keep in mind on the Atlantic side is that’s inclusive of our European operations. So we also have exposure in euros and pounds. So it basically was driven more from the international piece for operations versus just looking at domestic.
Greg Maxwell: It was relatively small, but the driver really was in the international operations because when we look at Atlantic region, we’re taking into account also our European operations in addition to Bayway.
Neil Mehta: So there’s a lot of talk about a crude blood [ph] translating to a product blood in the refining markets but then increasing utilization in response to strong margins and spreads we’re seeing out there. Just curious what you’re guys thoughts are on that risk and how you see that as a participant in the market.
Neil Mehta: And the other big macro debate that we’re having, Tim, just a few weeks ago on the last call was the risk that Cushing fills and we finally got that draw earlier this week. But curious on that front, what your thoughts are in terms of accrued storage in Cushing and then in pad 2 and 3 generally, and is there enough takeaway that you’re not concerned about a broader crude problem.
Neil Mehta: And last question is just around capital allocation. Buy back and dividend, you bought back $400 million in the quarter. So curious how you think about that on a go-forward whether that’s a reasonable run rate to use. And then on the dividend, you’ve talked about double-digit being the growth target in ’15 and ’16. Obviously a lot of financial commitments in 2015. But anything you could do to help us benchmark where that dividend growth should be anchored to.
Faisal Khan: Okay, got you. And then just going back to the results you guys talked about on the Atlantic side, you guys talked about a daily being down. But you talked about an FX impact. I didn’t quite understand what the FX impact is or why it would show up given that most of what you sell is priced in dollar including fuel and cost around oil. So I just want to understand where the FX impact comes from.
Faisal Khan: Okay, yes. I can understand like most of the refineries in Europe had a pretty stellar quarter. So I’m just trying to understand the results on the Atlantic side. And I understand Bayway was a bit of a headwind there.
Faisal Khan: No, I hear you. And the only reason I’m asking is because - and I understand it’s not a near-term sort of outcome, but it seems like there’s not always alignment at exact point in time between the joint venture partners. And while a long-term sort of alignment seems there, it seems like sometimes in the short run, there seems to be a misalignment. So I’m just trying to understand if the way to solve that is to spin in our loss. But I’m not sure.
