Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Jeff, and good afternoon, everyone. During the fourth quarter, Phillips 66 Partners delivered strong operating performance, advanced major growth projects, and maintained its strong financial position. Our Board of Directors approved a fourth quarter distribution of $0.875 per common unit, an increase of $0.01 per common unit from the previous quarter. Year-over-year, we have increased the per unit cash distribution 11%. We continue to maintain our record of quarterly distribution increases since the July 2013 IPO. Moving on to Slide 4. 2019 was another successful year for the Partnership. We continue to operate safely and reliably and delivered record earnings and adjusted EBITDA. We ended the year at a run rate EBITDA of $1.4 billion. During 2019, we completed a transaction to eliminate our general partner's incentive distribution rights, with a simplified structure, strong balance sheet, attractive organic growth opportunities, and sponsor alignment. Phillips 66 Partners is a sector-leading MLP. In 2019, PSXP delivered a 56% total unitholder return. We made good progress on our growth program this year. In November, we started the initial operations on our largest project to-date, the Gray Oak Pipeline. In addition, the Bayou Bridge pipeline extension, the Lake Charles projects pipeline, and the Lake Charles isomerization units were completed. These assets are running well, meeting our expectations and contributing to EBITDA growth. Moving on to Slide 5 to discuss the financial results. The Partnership reported record fourth quarter earnings of $255 million and adjusted EBITDA of $345 million. EBITDA increased $22 million from the third quarter. The improvement reflects increased volumes on our wholly-owned assets and a full quarter contribution from the Lake Charles isomerization unit. Our wholly-owned pipelines and terminals also achieved record volumes for the year. Fourth quarter distributable cash flow was $254 million, a decrease of $1 million from the prior quarter, driven by the timing of distributions from our joint ventures. Slide 6 highlights our financial flexibility and liquidity. We ended the fourth quarter with $286 million of cash and $749 million available under our revolving credit facility. In October, we paid off $300 million of senior notes due February 2020. The debt-to-EBITDA ratio on the revolver covenant basis was 2.9. Our distribution coverage ratio was 1.27. We continue to target a long-term leverage ratio of up to 3.5 and distribution coverage ratio over 1.2. The Partnership advanced its major projects during the quarter, funding $146 million of growth capital. This included spend for the C2G pipeline, Sweeny to Pasadena capacity expansion, Clemens Caverns and the South Texas Gateway Terminal. As we begin 2020, we remain committed to maintaining our strong financial position and disciplined capital allocation. Now Rosy will provide an update on our growth projects.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. Theresa, this is Kevin. So yes, Greg talked about the $800 million or so of existing EBITDA that's available to drop. And of course, he also in fact clarified that there's a significant amount of investment underway at the PSX level that we’ll continue to grow that EBITDA number. And so that $800 million is all what we would consider sort of the true Midstream assets, it's not refinery – inside the refinery fenced type of infrastructure that if you sort of contractually arrange – put the appropriate arrangements around it. You could make it Midstream qualifying. So it's all what we would consider through Midstream EBITDA.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. I wouldn't really speculate around what our future financing would be. And as we look at any of those kind of transactions, we're always triangulating around the balance sheet, the leverage ratios, maintaining coverage and funding the transaction. I mean, to me a pipe is just a form of an equity issuance. And so I think of just common equity in the sort of broader sense, whether you go about that through a sort of public offering or you go about it through a pipe-type mechanism. That's all a variation. You end up in the same place from that standpoint. The preferred is certainly another option to consider. We've obviously – we've done that in the past, and that's proven to be very, very successful for us. But I'm not going to speculate too far on exactly what that might look like.
Kevin Mitchell: And if you look at the table of organic growth projects that come online this year. So you go from – literally Gray Oak is really the first one that's making a contribution. Sweeny to Pasadena is at 2Q. 3Q, you got South Texas Gateway, and then 4Q Clemens Caverns expansion. So there's a nice kind of ramp up through the year as the projects come up. Of those, Gray Oak is by far the most significant in terms of as an individual project.
Kevin Mitchell: Really, it's – the milestone at this point is the finish line. So we're at a point now where we've got multiple spreads working with regard to terminals, finishing up connections, the pipes in the ground. It's really just finishing up the terminals, power connections, I&E work, hydro testing, any kind of terminals. I mean, we are in – completely in the weeds on many different fronts, but this is typical as you're getting ready to finish the project. I've seen this in previous experienced petrochemical facilities. Nothing big, but a lot of little things and they all got to get done. So that's where we're at in this homestretch.
Kevin Mitchell: Well, the way things stand right now, the preferred equity holders have the right to convert that to common equity at their election. And so that's really a question for them. I don't know that they haven't signaled anything around an interest to do that upon certain price thresholds being met of the common units and certain point in time, which I think is October of this year. We have the right if those criteria are met. We have the right to force that conversion. But that's something for a point in the future. So in our assumption, we just assume it stays where it is as a preferred equity for the time being.
Kevin Mitchell: I'm just thinking through that. I mean, there probably is, I mean, as you know, we've grown the MLP significantly through a combination of dropdown, which is more in the earlier – sort of earlier stages of the PSXP’s life cycle. And then in the last two or three years, there's been a lot more organic opportunities, albeit, so projects that originated at the PSX level. And so as we look at it, we still think that that's probably the path to continued growth at the MLP. What we do find with the infrastructure we have in place, we do continue to come upon relatively small investment opportunities that are nice return projects that give a good little boost to growth to EBITDA generation. And so there probably is a level. I don't think we've really defined what that is. Obviously, it would be significantly lower than where we've been lately, where we're sort of $800 million total capital spend number, it'd be something significantly lower than that. But with the size of the portfolio that we have at the MLP and the fact that, that is continuing to grow. It makes sense that there would be sort of continued almost incremental type opportunities to provide additional return and growth.
Kevin Mitchell: I think where that will – would manifest itself at the PSXP level. So to the extent that there is a capital projects being done at the MLP, which of course, there are. That's an element of the benefits that we're seeing in terms of more effective execution of our capital projects. And so you'd expect to see it from that standpoint. There's a significant focus around how we look at our sort of value chain from beginning to end. That's not going to show up the same in the MLP because that's really all around the hydrocarbons. And so the MLP model, which is more of a sort of tolling arrangement type volumes, volumes times a tariff or a fee, you're less like – you're not going to see that same sort of value chain focus. But the other area is that value chain focus identifies investment opportunities that we might not have done previously. And so to the extent those investment opportunities make sense for the MLP, you get some – you'll see some benefit there. And then the other element is in terms of operations and using sort of digital data having the ability to do data analytics and drive better decisions around how we actually operate our assets and the MLP will benefit from that just as much as at the PSX level for those assets, let's say that the MLP. So there are certainly some elements of that will flow and be for the benefit of the MLP.
Rosy Zuklic: Thanks, Kevin, and hello, everyone. Slide 7 lists the projects we have ongoing. All of these projects are backed by long-term volume commitments and are expected to deliver typical Midstream return. The Gray Oak Pipeline started initial operations in November. Gray Oak is currently moving crude from West Texas to central junction, Helena and Three Rivers. This section of the pipeline is operating in line with expectations and we continue to progress towards full service in the second quarter of 2020. Gray Oak will connect to multiple terminals in the Corpus Christi area, including South Texas Gateway Terminal. The marine export terminal will have two deepwater docks, with storage capacity of 8.5 million barrels and up to 800,000 barrels per day of throughput capacity. Phillips 66 Partners owns a 25% interest in the terminal, which is expected to start up in the third quarter of 2020. The remaining projects listed are progressing as planned. Phillips 66 Partners 2020 adjusted capital budget is $867 million. This includes $734 million for growth projects and $133 million of maintenance capital. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open the line for questions.
Rosy Zuklic: Sure. I'll start off with a little bit of info, and of course, Tim is here and he can give us a little bit of color as well. So let me first back up with, as you know, Buckeye started initially with this facility at 3.4 million barrels of storage. And since then, we've expanded the facility to now be 8.5 million barrels with storage and having capacity for two VLCC-capable docks. In the fall of 2019, Buckeye received the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers permit to be able to start the work on the dock. And since then they've been working on the dock and everything has been moving in the right direction. So everything looks good from that perspective. So with projects this size and scale, the way we see it is that as tanks become available as the dock becomes available, those are going to be made available to obviously our shippers. It's not all going to be available at the same time. It's going to be a phased approach. I don't know if Tim, there's any sort of color from the exact timing when in the third quarter or anything.
Rosy Zuklic: At this point, it's probably too ready to tell. I would speculate sometime later in the year, but I honestly don't have an exact number. We'll just have to wait and see as things progress.
Rosy Zuklic: Yes. So you're right, Phil. First quarter is normally a seasonally weaker quarter for the MLP, and there's two main reasons. One, we're coming off of butane blending. So the fourth quarter benefits from butane blending, and the first quarter ends up having that 10% volumes coming off. And so that ends up always being a headwind for the first quarter. And then additionally, just in general, refinery turnarounds tend to be a little bit higher in the first quarter. And you may have heard that in the PSX earnings call, they guided to about a 90% utilization rate. And so if you think about the fourth quarter, that ran at about 97% utilization. And then you think about, specifically the assets that are tied to the PSXP refining system – or excuse me, the PSXP asset. They ran very, very well, whether it was Ponca or Borger. And so if you think just overall 90% utilization rate, so that's going to be an additional headwind. And then as part of the Gray Oak, Gray Oak is really, with second quarter being when we expect full ramp up, it's really not going to be of anything substantial to offset those two headwinds. So first quarter will be certainly the weakest quarter. And then the way it naturally progresses, if you just look at history is the second quarter is a little bit stronger than the first. The third quarter is stronger than the second. And then the fourth quarter always ends up being the strongest quarter for the fourth. And we still believe that the $1.5 billion run rate EBITDA is what we’ll exit 2020 with.
Rosy Zuklic: No. And it's funny because we actually in preparing these slides thought that someone would bring it up. And I don't know if you noticed that we actually changed the look of the slides, and it's a much more cleaner look, and the new slide layout does not have ticker boxes. So that's why I made a point of saying it in my script.
Rosy Zuklic: There isn't any one particular item. Just in general, we have an integrity and reliability program that we have throughout the company, whether it's PSX or PSXP. And it just so happens that for 2020, a lot of the pipelines that we've identified. We have a lot of 40-year, 50-year and 60-year vintage pipeline throughout this both PSX and PSXP system that we want to increase just the reliability and integrity of the pipeline systems. The good news is that a lot of the work that we're doing is really more on the identifying things before they happen. And so what you're seeing really in 2020 is we're actually increasing. So the spend that we have is more like 9% of EBITDA. But as, obviously – what we'll see is that going forward, it'll be more like 6% of EBITDA, which is what historically our spend has been. And so 2020 is an anomaly in that. It's a bump up compared to where it's been. But I would say that just simply because we are growing the level of the maintenance expense is probably more in that $130 million where we're finding 2020 to be. But it will end up being more like 6% of EBITDA, which, again, has been more of a historical level.
Rosy Zuklic: That's right. The business will obviously get bigger, but the amount as a percentage will be smaller.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Okay. And then you had mentioned – I'm always just curious when slide decks change, what gets added and what comes out. You guys have been featuring sort of an anticipated six to eight multiple on the organic backlog and you've noted it as such on that same slide. I don't see at this time you had made a comment in your prepared remarks about a consistent Midstream multiple. And I'm just curious if you're hinting that it's changing at all.
Christopher Sighinolfi: Okay. So driven there maybe more acutely because of some particular programs. But in general as the business grows, you just think that's probably the new ballpark. Is that a fair…
Christopher Sighinolfi: Okay. All right. I took a lot of time this morning. I appreciate you guys enabling me to do that. So thanks again.
