Jeff Dietert: Good morning, and welcome to the Phillips 66 Third Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Participants on today's call will include Greg Garland, Chairman and CEO; Kevin Mitchell, EVP and CFO; Bob Herman, EVP, Refining; Brian Mandell, EVP, Marketing and Commercial; and Tim Roberts, EVP of Midstream. Today's presentation material can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our safe harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our Q& A session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Greg Garland for opening remarks.
Jeff Dietert: Yes, I would just add that at CPChem, the addition of U.S. Gulf Coast 1 came at a time when margins were declining. And so the earnings power of that facility has really not been shown in a mid-cycle margin environment. So, I think that will be supportive of higher contributions from CPChem.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you for your interest in Phillips 66. Before I wrap up, I'd like to thank Brent Shaw for his significant contributions to the Investor Relations Group. Brent's been promoted to another role at Phillips 66 and I'd like to welcome Shannon Holy to the IR team. Thank you very much for your time today and please call Shannon or me with any questions.
Greg Garland: Let me take the first part and Kevin take the second. I think, I mean, Neil, first of all, one of the things I've learned is you never say never right in this business. But all the actions that we've taken to date, cutting our costs, cutting our CapEx, increasing our liquidity have been around defending the dividend. And as you look at Q3, essentially, we covered our CapEx and our dividend through cash. Certainly, we feel comfortable as we -- if things don't get any better and we stay kind of where we're at, then we feel really comfortable that our first dollar is going to go stay in capital at $1 billion, our second dollar is going to go to the dividend, $1.6 billion that we can cover sustaining CapEx and our dividend from our cash. I think that's one of the great strengths of the PSX portfolio and the diversified nature of our portfolio. So I'll let Kevin talk a little bit about the balance sheet and expectations there.
Greg Garland: Thanks, Neil. Yeah, we're very happy with the marketing earnings in Q3 versus Q2. We were up 40% on margins in the U.S. and 16% on volume. Overseas, we were up 23% on margins and volumes as well. I think a number of things. If you look at Q2, underlying commodity flat price came off hard in April, and it was up May and June. And as you know, flat price is inversely correlated to marketing margins. So that that helped our margins a good bit. Also, the volumes, of course, were up in Q3 versus Q2 when COVID was more fierce during the Q2 time period. Currently, we're seeing gasoline off about 10% in the U.S. And when we talked to our large truck stop customers, they say that until recently, diesel demand was back up to pre-COVID levels, but they've started to see it come off a bit, 3%, 4% type levels. Overseas, we were back up to 100% of demand peak-COVID levels. Currently, with lockdowns tightening just a bit, we're seeing those levels come off just a few percentage points, but happy with where we've gotten to from the lows in early Q2.
Greg Garland: I think the average term across our portfolio is probably eight-ish years. And so we've got some time to ride through this. I do agree that the next one- to three-year period, there's going to be fewer investable opportunities in midstream, and this is going to become more of a run well and optimized business for many people. I think you'll see some consolidation of midstream over the next couple of years. And so I think that the model going forward the next couple of years is it's going to be a little bit different than the model we've executed the last five years. And the other thing I would say is somewhere around 80% probably across the portfolio is under MDCs. And so we think we're really set up well to ride through this next couple of years of our Midstream business and still deliver great performance in our midstream business.
Greg Garland: Yes, I think – well, for PSXP, certainly, I would say we're not happy with where the units are trading, and we look at that 15% yield and scratch your head a little bit, Doug. But I also think that PSXP has a bit – has that DAPL overhang. And I think that if you look at where the units are trading today, I think most people are priced in a complete shutdown of Apple. And so we're not there. But that's in the hands of someone else and a judge that, hopefully, I guess, year-end or early next year, we'll get a determination on that. So I don't know, Tim or Jeff, you want to add anything to that. But the overhang is what we're looking at right now.
Greg Garland: I think just to highlight, the $750 million to $800 million, that's one of the biggest projects we have in the portfolio at this time. So we're making a substantial investment there.
Greg Garland: I think, Manav, there's a fair amount of variance from region-to-region on the feedstocks and the transportation cost to get them from point A to point B. So, I think the important thing is, is that we have the flexibility as we operate to pick the lowest cost feedstock in the market. And it's similar to high complexity refining, where you've got a lot of flexibility on what feedstocks and what yields you have. We're building in with the pretreating capability the flexibility to take advantage of the lowest cost, most optimal feedstock in order to produce the renewable diesel. So, we're, I think, well-positioned in that regard.
Greg Garland: And, Manav, just to follow-up on chemicals. So CPChem took down several of their facilities on the Gulf Coast in anticipation of those storm events. They were probably more fortunate than that. They really were not impacted. So everything is back up and running normal now.
Greg Garland: Yeah. I think, the -- you think about margins, so we were kind of $0.18 full time margins in Q1, $0.10 in Q2, $0.19 in Q3 on an IHS Markit margin basis. And today, they're $0.28, $0.29. So they're above mid-cycle. And I think it's been driven by a combination of things. One is, the demand has been fundamentally good across the globe. But we see it in Asia, Europe, we see it in North America, strong demand. And then there's been some impact in terms of the hurricane. So, at some point -- at one point, it was about 20% of the U.S. ethylene capacity was off-line because of the Hurricane Laura. And so, that had some impact. Inventories have come down on the ethylene side. So that's really always positive for margins. And so, I think, our view is, coming into the fourth quarter, we have kind of this seasonal weakness or pause, if you will, in terms of the petrochemical space. But we're relatively optimistic about petrochemicals for next year.
Greg Garland: Yeah, I think so. You're correct. It is always difficult to permit anything in California. And it is a very rote process at the end of the day, and there are many steps that we have to go through. The biggest permit that we have to get is a land use permit in Contra Costa County, and that will require an environmental impact statement and go through all that work. We took a very different approach as a company on this particular project, in that, we made sort of full-court press with many stakeholders in the state of California the day before we announced. So we had multiple conversations in Sacramento, everywhere from Govern Newsom's office to Cal EPA to CARB to local legislators to the local Contra Costa County, Board of Supervisors. And I would say that, we were met with great enthusiasm for this property across the board from those that are going to be responsible at the end of the day for actually permitting it. And in the meantime, the permit is in. It's been deemed complete by Contra Costa County, which really starts the process for them. So they will hire independent third party to do the environmental assessment of that, and that is all beginning. So we're there and ready to help support them through that. We haven't seen really any opposition at this point to the project. And I think as people are understanding more and more the benefits of us doing this project, as we mentioned, the environmental benefits and NOCs, SOCs and greenhouse gas reductions, we think the permitting process will flow through. And it's kind of a normal timeline and look forward to getting that permit in early 2022.
Greg Garland: Yes. So there's about 1 million barrels a day scheduled for 2020, and highly likely that some of that gets pushed out into 2021. We're seeing a slowdown in activity from a COVID perspective and its impact on labor, as well as capital cost reductions in the industry. So I think those barrels are going to get pushed out as we look today, there's not a real reason to rush any of these projects into service.
Greg Garland: So yes, I'll take a stab, and then Bob can help me because he's pretty active in this area. But I think these are aspirational goals. And I think that -- I think the sign post we're going to watch for is when billions, if not trillions of dollars start flowing in infrastructure investments around distribution, power generation, etcetera, that you could truly electrify the fleets. So I'm probably more bullish on low carbon fuel standard as we think about it moving from California, Oregon, Washington State to maybe to the East Coast. And so I think the near term, easier things to do in terms of renewables that can lower carbon intensity. Those make sense that you can earn good returns doing those projects. And I think the electrification is going to take a long time to get there.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. So we've consistently expressed our objective to maintain a strong balance sheet, keep that financial flexibility, and that's reflected in our credit ratings, A3 at Moody's and BBB+ at S&P. As you would expect, this year with a couple of debt issuances that we've done, we've had plenty of opportunity to have conversations with the rating agencies. Those have gone well. Our ratings have stayed where they are. We've had no actions, and we still have a stable outlook on the current rating. So we feel good about that. In the event that we need to go to the balance sheet, we feel pretty comfortable that we still have decent capacity without having a detrimental impact on the overall health of the balance sheet. So you think from a long-term standpoint, our objective is to have a solid investment-grade credit rating, and we're clearly there at this point. We've added some debt. We've also talked about a 30% debt-to-capital ratio. We're above that right now. I think as we come through this current situation, then we were able to get debt back down, we'd anticipate that over time, we'd like to see ourselves back in around about that range. But we've always said that's not an absolute target. The real objective is to maintain the solid investment-grade credit ratings, and we're comfortably there, and we feel good that we can stay there.
Kevin Mitchell: One thing I might add, we've seen strength on the West Coast. The port of -- LA Port is up 13% year-on-year. And we're actually seeing PADD 5 diesel demand up year-on-year. So some strength, especially on the West Coast.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. Okay. So, on the tax component, as you see on the financial statement, a significant tax benefit on the income statement, but that's not turning into cash in the current year, that's flowing through the receivable. And on a year-to-date basis, we've increased our tax receivable by $1.2 billion, $1. 3 billion year-to-date and that, we would anticipate collecting next year post completion of our 2020 tax return and so we would expect that to turn into cash sometime in the second quarter of next year. From a broader working capital expectation going into the third quarter, you're going to see two dynamics going on. One is, to the extent that the current operating environment stays as it's been which appears to be then from a tax standpoint, you'd still expect to be generating losses and so you'll have that negative effect on working capital. But we typically have an inventory draw in the fourth quarter and we anticipate that happening again this year. And so that will generate some positive cash from a working capital perspective.
Bob Herman: Yeah, Neil, it's Bob. I think we would agree there needs to continue to be some rationalization between the U.S. and the European refining system. But specifically in the U.S., right, the refineries run the gamut between really strong and there's some -- maybe some weaker assets out there. But fundamentally, the U.S. refining system is the most complex, lowest cost refining system with the exception of maybe a couple of big assets in the Middle East. So I think as demand rationalizes over time, the U.S. is really positioned to be a strong player. You'll see some export activity that will rise over time into Latin America and South America into West Africa, but the U.S. really does stand to take up that mantle as we go forward. Having said that, there will be assets that will continue to rationalize out of this, and you've seen it on both the east coast and the west coast, and no doubt, some of the maybe landlock players as time goes on here we'll have difficulties as crude diffs remain squeezed in the U.S. Jeff, you've got some numbers on closure so far.
Bob Herman: Yes, I'll take a shot at that. On the -- with the first one, if you recall, it seems like a long time ago now, but on August 25th, we shut down the Lake Charles facility for Hurricane Laura and ended up being down all the whole month of September because of the power infrastructure in the General Lake Charles region that was essentially completely destroyed. We did not start restarting that facility until early October. And in fact, we didn't have full power back into the refinery to be able to operate as anything that we wanted to until October 5th. Unfortunately, then on October 9th, Hurricane Delta came essentially right back up the same path. And while it was a lower intensity storm, we still had to shut back down and essentially start over. Power infrastructure held up a little better in that timeframe. So, about the middle of October, we started restarting the Lake Charles facility. So, today, we're back up and running there. We've still got a few units left to start, but we will be market dictating the rate. But we'll be -- everything that we want to be up will be up and running here within the next week or 10 days at Lake Charles. In Alliance, we shut down September 13 for Hurricane Sally, which was originally pointed right at Alliance. We got lucky with that one and that, of course, moved off a little bit, and we did not take a direct hit. We chose to keep Alliance down because we had some maintenance planned for October anyway and rather than restart and shut back down for that, we just moved the maintenance back up. Maybe fortuitous, maybe only in 2020, can you say being down is fortuitous, but Hurricane Zeta came right through that area two nights ago. And so, we were already down, obviously, and didn't have to shut back down for that one. Power was out again in the area. We expect to get power back today or tomorrow to Alliance. But we had pulled forward some work that we wanted to get done there that was difficult to do in future turnarounds, and we anticipate continuing to execute that work sort of through mid-December and then position ourselves to be ready to restart Alliance in the new year, assuming the market conditions are there and giving us the signal that we need to bring on more capacity. We have enough refining capacity in the Gulf Coast, obviously, to cover all of our marketing needs right now and any commitments that we have to our customers. And we'll – as we gave guidance earlier, we'll let the market tell us what utilization ought to be in the first quarter.
Bob Herman: Yes. And I think we would agree with the AFPM has got a statement out there that we would stand behind solid with you, and that Governor Newsom doesn't actually have the authority to do what his aspirational executive order played out. And you just think about the logistics of banning ICE in California, but there's these states around the call of Arizona, Nevada organ that have car dealerships, too. So it's hard to understand how this actually becomes a reality when there really isn't enough electricity in California today for base demand.
Brian Mandell: Yeah. We've been tracking announced refinery closures. And in fact, we've had to revise it three times this week. I think we're up to almost 2 million barrels a day of announced closures globally. There's another 700,000 barrels a day of temporary closures and then another 700,000 barrels a day of refineries that have talked about potential of converting into terminals or other activities. So 3 million to 3.5 million barrels a day globally. It's kind of split regionally with equal parts of U.S., Europe, and Asia. We've even seen an Australia refinery that's been announced closure earlier today. And as you listen to many of the integrated oil companies, they've made comments on planning to further reduce their exposure in the downstream. So we're moving rapidly through rationalization. I think as we watch diesel inventories come off really hard over the last few weeks here, I think that's a little bit of this tunnel for margins to improve. And with margins improving, utilization will come back as the market dictates. But until that kind of happens, I don't think we'll see it. The growth in GDP numbers this last week, I think, are a really good bow whether that says diesel demand should continue to strengthen into the winter and the normal cold season and the burning of heating oil in the North is going to be a help. So I think we might be in a position to tug a little water here for a couple of months. But I think it's setting ourselves up that as we get to spring and look forward into next year's gasoline season, that we do have a real chance of returning to a lot more normalcy in the margin structure and then utilization.
Brian Mandell: Yes. I think the way, I look at the capture rate is when you've got cracks that are down in the $6 to $8 range, right, those are -- that part is kind of covering your cost. And then crude diffs are really, as a refining system, where we make our money. And when we haven't -- we've seen very tight crude diffs on just about every flavor of crude across our system. So it's hard to get much crack expansion there. The other thing that plays into it, too, when you're at low utilization and low cracks, kind of the fixed part of the barrel, which is the 11% or 12% that we don't turn into clean product. That kind of $2 offset that you see on those margins is a lot bigger deal at an $8 margin than it was at a $15 margin. So that -- those 2 factors for me really come in and kind of camp down that margin capture ability.
Brian Mandell: Hi, Benny, this is Brian. Hey, on Canadian crude, until just a few weeks ago, it was it's 4.2 million barrels of pipeline capacity out of Canada, and there wasn't 4.2 million barrels of production with some core issues and Polaris pipeline issues. Now we're starting to see the production come back. We're starting to see more production than pipeline capacity. So our view is, over time, it will take some time, we think that the differentials will start to widen out to variable rail rates, which we see about 13 50 off of WTI. So that's good for us. Every dollar is about $100 million for Phillips 66. So we continue to watch that. Actually, you've seen the past few weeks, the differentials were under $10, and now, as of yesterday, $10.60, so they're already starting to expand.
Tim Roberts: Yes, Roger, on that, a couple of things when you look at our portfolio specifically is that we've been in earnest trying to develop MDCs and make sure we get commitments. And so those have been very important for us with regard to long-term commitments, MDCs with good counterparties, investment-grade. So, that's been very helpful for our portfolio, especially on the third-parties. But then also as a sponsored MLP, we have quite a bit of exposure with regard to PSX. So that helps to also shore up some of our earnings volatility, you see. But also just on a fundamental basis, we do see that there will be basin growth. Yes, granted everyone's state of uncertainty and what's going on out there and they're retrenching a bit. But we still think there's going to be a call on managed shale with regard to global demand to support growth in that area over the next couple of years. And the other part I would say just when you look at our portfolio specifically, it's just really that we really participate in the crude side. But we're also got a good weighting with regard to the NGL space as well, which actually during this time has been rather resilient and supporting by chemicals, global chemicals demand, growth, res com, and then subsequently also going into the motor fuel pool as well.
Tim Roberts: Yeah. So we've announced the big project at Rodeo, But before that comes on, while we're still running a fuels refinery there, we're converting one of our hydrocrackers to be able to run soybean-based oils to make our renewable diesel, and that unit will produce about 9,000 barrels a day at a very attractive capital efficiency on that project. And that sets us up to begin the -- setting up our supply chains into Rodeo and our marketing chains on the other side of that for the renewable diesel out of Rodeo. The next step we'll take then is the commercial agreement we have with Rise, who is building two renewable diesel facilities, one in Reno, one in Las Vegas, where we will supply the feedstocks and take all of the renewable diesel offtake, be able to put that into the California market. That's our next step forward in late 2020 and 2021. And then we would expect to have the permitting done sometime in 2022 and begin the conversion of the Rodeo refinery to eventually have the largest renewable diesel facility in the world and make about 50,000 barrels a day of renewable diesel. Feedstocks for that, our premise to be about 80% of the harder-to-process feedstock. So that's used cooking oil, fast oils, greases, telos [ph] from a variety of sources around the world. And Rodeo is really uniquely positioned because, A, we sit in the California market where there's a high demand for lower carbon intensity fuels. And secondly, we have water access to the Far East to bring in all of these difficult-to-process renewable feedstocks. So the second piece is that it's a hydrocracking facility. We have two high-pressure hydrocrackers there that will be converted to both process renewable feedstocks and very capital efficient. At the end of the day, we will convert the facility and build the pretreatment facilities for a total capital cost of about $1 per gallon per year of capacity. That's 50% cheaper than anything else we've seen announced and sometimes three times cheaper than some of the competing projects we've seen in that. So we feel really good that by 2024, we will be a major player in the renewable fuels in California and other places in the United States.
Tim Roberts: Yeah. It looks like at this point in time that, that increase is going to get pushed. There's been a really a nice run-up up to this point in time, and demand has been good, but we think it's more due to seasonality than it is anything else, which is usually like this time of the year, you see a seasonal effect in demand in the chems business.
