Jeff Dietert: Good morning, and welcome to Phillips 66 first quarter earnings conference call. Participants on today's call will include Greg Garland, Chairman and CEO; and Kevin Mitchell, Executive Vice President and CFO. The presentation material we will be using during the call can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide 2 contains our Safe Harbor statement. It is a reminder that we will be making forward-looking statements during the presentation and our Q&A session. Actual results may differ materially from today's comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I'll turn the call over to Greg Garland for opening remarks.
Jeff Dietert: No, weren't short of ethylene. We had an ethylene inventory and there was plenty of ethylene available in the industry and I think that's what you're seeing in terms of just say ethylene margin itself.
Jeff Dietert: Roger, I might just highlight; I know you're aware but in our supplemental reports on Page 6, we identified midstream adjusted EBITDA and if you look at PSXP and other midstream, it generated about $363 million of EBITDA in the first quarter. If you were to annualize that it's about $1.45 billion. We've also got about $300 million of refining assets and that's -- ties back with the $1.8 billion to $2 billion of EBITDA that we've talked about in our presentation material. So that supplemental report will give you a scorecard to keep track on our progress.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you, Sharon. And thank all of you for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have additional questions, please call Rosie or me. Thank you.
Greg Garland: While we know the star -- the sulfur content of marker fuels, we don't have the detailed specifications yet, they're still evolving. We do expect a significant influx of diesel into the bunker category, we talked about last quarter kind of 2 million to 3 million barrels a day, increased diesel demand. Secondly, we do expect low sulfur cat cracker feed to be an attractive stock for bunker fuels as well which will support the gasoline markets also. We're expecting the turnover of tanks and blending infrastructure to start next year perhaps some time around mid-year and so it's a big shift and we're preparing for that. I think one of the things that I would mention is just that our portfolio -- our existing refining assets are well positioned for this IMO transition, we've got very high distilled yield, about 41% last year, $1 a barrel distillate change margin is $300 million in EBITDA. In addition, we expect fuel oil to weigh on heavy crude prices. We have heavy crude of about 700,000 barrels a day or about 35% of our total portfolio. We have more coking capacity at 470,000 barrels a day than the peers, every dollar per barrel change in heavy crude discount is about $250 million in EBITDA. So our portfolio is well positioned the way it stands today.
Greg Garland: This is something that we expect to be more of a new activity which converting from Max gasoline to Max diesel during the summer months as well as pulling some of the cat cracker feed. I think we'll support gasoline margins as well as supporting diesel cracks.
Greg Garland: Neil, I think we're consistent with the guidance around the 2:3. I think that we were a little lie the first quarter and we knew we were going to be when we put the plan in place but 2:3 is still good guidance for us this year.
Greg Garland: I think it's a good question. You're correct, the next major pipelines are scheduled for the back half of 2019. We saw about 750,000 barrels a day of new capacity that was added late last year and early this year, and it certainly appears that that pipeline capacity is filling up more rapidly than anticipated. As we look at alternative route options, trucking is one. That's kind of a $12 a barrel movement at this point although that's not going to be a steady number. A typical truck can haul about 180 barrels of crude, it's roughly a 500-mile haul from the Permian to the Gulf Coast, it's a day -- 2-day round trip, so you need 100 trucks to move 10,000 barrels a day. It's not really realistic to expect to move 100,000 barrels a day or 200,000 barrels a day, it's just not really practical. From a rail perspective, there is not a lot of rail facilities. Most of the rail facilities in the Permian Basin are now designed for frac sand and not crude movement, and so that's not a great option. So we are in need of new pipeline capacity serving the Permian Basin. I think there's a lot of talk on the crude side and when you look at the Midland differential to East Houston, it's out to $9 a barrel, when there was enough infrastructure that was kind of $3 a barrel differential. When you look at natural gas as well, waha [ph] prices have declined about $1 in MMBTU relative to where they were last year, and that sets a lower price for natural gas and ethane rejection; so we may see some additional ethane production coming out of the Permian Basin as well.
Greg Garland: Yes, I think we'll stick with our guidance of $1 billion to $2 billion of share repurchases in 2018. We maybe towards the lower end of the range given what we've done in the first quarter but yes, we'll still be buying shares, we're buying today.
Greg Garland: Well, I mean first of all it was a great startup, I think it's one of the better startups we've had in the last few that we've executed. So kudos to the CPChem folks who are doing a great job to get that cracker up and running it at full rates. The derivatives were up in the fourth quarter last year, Dow is up and so we've been up since really the fourth quarter and the market -- so the market facing element of those projects are out there in the markets and you look at kind of the full chain margin which is what we really care about, what that's spread between ethane and say polyethylene, and particularly high density polyethylene and as you said, those margins are pretty similar. So we've been able to move the products into the markets without a really detrimental effect on the margins at this point in time, the chain margin; and I think that really speaks to the demand that we're seeing out there, we're seeing good fundamental demand growth in North America, Europe, Asia for petrochemicals but specifically for polyethylene. You've got ExxonMobil coming up later this year, then you have two crackers coming up in '19, and what's happened -- we thought these crackers are all going to hit in 2017, it just didn't happen and so they are getting spaced out and the markets being able to absorb these volumes that are coming on -- couple with good demand growth globally. And so as we start thinking about that next cracker, we like what we see in terms of NGL supply, increasing NGL is coming particularly out of Permian but from the U.S. Gulf Coast is a good place to build the next cracker we believe. We're still kind of 2019 probably for an FID on that facility.
Greg Garland: We imported 550 million of Canadian imports on average for 2017 or 1,000 million, sorry, thank you. And some of that was for -- our net -- we were about 450 million and 80% of that was Canadian heavy. And -- so that's the range of what we'd expect to run on an annual basis, we don't intend on updating that on a quarterly basis but we continue to import as we could on the Canadian heavy front.
Greg Garland: I think you want to start -- NGLs have certainly recovered versus say a year ago in terms of pricing. First quarter volumes were seasonally -- they were lower than the fourth quarter or third quarter but that's just seasonal, weather related impacts, particularly around the NGL side for us. You have the Sweeny Hub that's performing albeit not at the level that we would expect if you take the first quarter, then you kind of analyze those results we get to pay $130 million, $140 million of annualized EBITDA out of the Hub. We've laid in the plan as we said previously, $150 million of EBITDA for the Hub this year; and that's against an expectation of kind of $300 million to $400 million without the ARB [ph]. So I think that that asset still has room to go and as we look at the NGLs are coming at us out of the Permian this year, we do think that these across the doc are going to go up to get in the back half of this year and certainly into next year, so we see continued improvement there. We certainly have the new pipe Stapel [ph] is on, Bayou Bridge is on, so a lot of it is around the new assets that we've been bringing on that have been driving this.
Greg Garland: So I'd answer the question this way, wherever hopeful. I'm just not sure we're going to get there. There is a lot of good work that's going on, AFPM, API; management teams are in Washington talking to Congress about potential reform. Our view is that it's broke, the system is broke, we need to fix it and so we'll see but I don't hold a lot of hope for 2018. Now some of my friends in the business are a lot more optimistic than I am that we'll get something done in 2018. I guess the other impact that you're seeing is the small refinery exceptions and that has certainly had an impact on the RINs prices. So we'll continue to follow, we'll continue to work it and continue to be hopeful we get to a resolution there.
Greg Garland: Yes, so two parts. First part is really can't comment, we're an extension open season and the actual volumes that we end up with will dictate the size of the pie, the actual capital cost. You should expect that I would say 45 to 60 days will get this wrapped and then we'll come back and we'll tell you what the capital cost is going to be on the line. And we started at kind of 380 in the open season, I would just tell you we obviously did got more interest than that and that really kind of encouraged us to move on with the extension of the open season. So I think we're really optimistic on the line and we're the ultimate capacity, it lands on that line. And then as you think about the decision of where to place it, we've always said we want to execute as many of the organic projects as we can at PSXP and given this pipeline, we have increased the budget of PSXP for this year and Gray Oak is part of the reason we increased that. But you shouldn't look at that increase as the total cost of the pipeline if you want to think about it that way. So anyway, I think that Gray Oak is a great opportunity for our Company, it's certainly a great opportunity for Phillips 66 Partners, and we'll continue to make decisions about where do we place these projects, either PSX or PSXP obviously. But we'll continue to put as much as we can to PSXP and execute as much organic growth as we can at the MLP and that's very consistent with what we've been saying for the past couple of years.
Greg Garland: Yes, I still think that if you think we're kind of $5 billion to $6 billion of cash at mid-cycle generation we can afford to -- first, $1 billion outstanding capital, the dividends of $1.04 billion, now that gives you a lot of room to grow the dividend but also execute a $1 billion to $2 billion growth program and $1 billion to $2 billion share repurchase program. And so that's how we continue to think about it at mid-cycle. Certainly as these new projects come on and we're going to add another $1 billion to $1.5 billion of EBITDA that increases our capability to fund or reinvest in the Company but we'll -- we're sticking with the 60:40 guidance, it's going to be really hard to hit that this year because we're already 3:8 distributions against the 2:3 capital budget and we just don't see ourselves really materially changing the capital guidance at this point in time in the year. So we'll be having on the distribution side in '18 but long-term we do like that 60:40 mix.
Greg Garland: No, I wouldn't say we are -- well, first of all, on share repurchase it's all intrinsic value. And as we've said, we're using historical multiples and our view of EBITDA essentially, kind of two years out. As long as shares trade below that we're going to be buying shares. When you think about the dividend to Kevin's point; secure growing -- I think investors need to see that we have runway to continue to grow the dividend and we want to grow the dividend every year. We think it needs to be competitive, we look around and kind of what's the S&P to 100 yields or what's the yields of our competitors; and so we make sure we've got a very competitive dividend in the group. So we'll always grow the dividend but we'll grow it within those parameters in the extent that we're balancing between reinvestment and share repurchase, we'll buy the shares in.
Greg Garland: Yes, my own personal view and Jeff can jump in on this if he has to do. This is -- I don't know if it's going to short-lived but I think within a couple years you'll see that actually competed away.
Greg Garland: Yes, you're right, we've seen a number of weeks over 2 million barrels a day of exports. We've expanded our capacity at Belmont to go from 400,000 barrels a day to 600,000 barrels a day. You saw we're participating in the Buckeye facility in corpus as well associated with the Gray Oak pipeline. We are seeing the expansion of export capability, it's one part of the value chain that's going to have to grow in order to continue to export and we think the majority of the incremental production is going to be exported. So we think maybe there's 3 million barrels a day capacity today but that number is growing, we don't see an immediate issue there at this point.
Greg Garland: You're right, our product exports were down 190,000 barrels a day this quarter, about 90,000 barrels a day of that was gasoline and 100,000 barrels a day was diesel. We had refinery maintenance at Alliance in particular that reduced the availability of product that we could put into the export market. We are continuing to see strong demand, continued struggles with refining capacity in Latin America and so we expect that to hold up longer term.
Greg Garland: I think you'll see continued investment in Asia in refining capacity, that's a big fuel market obviously. I suspect there will be continued discipline, we don't plan to make big investments, really just swing the portfolio. I think we've got plenty of capability as we sit today, there may be small things that we do along the way but I just -- it's just -- this industry, we just have a long history of being able to compete away really good margins and whether it's $5 or $15 on the distillate crack, I don't know what that's going to be; probably on the low end of that one for a couple years. But I think you're in a time, certainly '19 or '20 when we're going to really like the refining business and the margins and the cash is coming off this business but you know, to get out another three or four years ago it gets really hard to forecast.
Greg Garland: I guess the other thing longer term too in terms of newbuilds in the shipping industry; if you relate the high end of the range I think people have to start talking about LNG and you know other options too. So I mean these things always come into balance by many factors really, we're working on that equation, it's not just going to be refining capacity, it's going to be the choice of the ship owners and we'll see where does it go.
Greg Garland: From our perspective it's $300 million a year, give or take is what we've been investing in refining to either improve yields or to access more advantage crude, one way or the other. I think the other part of the equation that we haven't talked about today and we could have touched on it in our past discussion but I think we're going to move to a higher octane fuel. And so I think that over a period of whatever 10 or 12 or 15 years, whatever it takes, you will see the industry invest to make a higher octane fuel assuming that gets done here in the next year or so. So I think there will be investable opportunities for refiners and for PSX that are -- what I would say not multi-million dollar investments but solid -- high returning projects for us; and so we'll always do that. The industry itself seems to have the ability, every time we do a turnaround we replace an exchanger that was a bottleneck for us or whatever; and we can create 1% or 2% a year, I think you'll continue to see that happen in the industry as we move forward. So I think it will be a combination of specific investments that people want to make to address the yield or advantage crude and then you to see the general creep [ph] that we tend to have in industry.
Greg Garland: Well, I mean certainly it's a joint decision between the owners of CPChem and I think we have to have an agreed view of when the appropriate time that cracker is. At the CPChem level we're thinking about how do we move our products into the market in the most efficient manner, and we're the world's largest producer of high density polyethylene and these projects are generally geared towards that although we've added quite a bit of NAO capacity over the past couple of years also. So we're thinking about how do we efficiently move these products into the market; and so that's one thing we think about in terms of the timing decision, obviously NGL supplied feedstock supply those factor into those decisions of where you're going to build it and what are you going to build, ethane or some LPG cracker. And so I think that there's kind of multiple decision points that we go through when we're thinking about the timing on a cracker. One other things we wanted to make sure that there were some daylight in between when this Gulf Coast cracker project one came out and when we would do the second one. And so you kind of think of coming up in '18 and having most of '19; it seems like appropriate timing to us in terms of FID in light '19 and really getting started in earnest in '20 and '21 on the construction.
Greg Garland: I think one thing that hasn't changed is really our view that we want to maintain a strong investment grade rating. So I think that really comes into play, we've always said around 30% debt to capital or 31% or so today, so we're slightly over that. But we'd used the 30% as kind of a proxy of a strong investment grade rating. But as we look at the debt and the capacity that we have today, we're comfortable with this level of debt at the Company. And as we said, we've got strong investment grade ratings today.
Greg Garland: Well, from an EBITDA basis, kind of it at today's margins at the CPChem level kind of $1 billion to $1.2 billion. So $500 million to $600 million of EBITDA back to us is an easy way to think about that.
Greg Garland: First of all, we're in startup right in the fourth quarter of last year. We're using ethylene that it either be inventoried or purchased and so you really didn't get the full impact of the new cracker being up. So the new cracker is probably our lowest increment of cost as we think about our value chain and the other crackers in our system, and so I think you -- the $1.2 billion is a good number if you want to think about this year, annualized.
Greg Garland: Well, I think as you look at the Phillips 66 portfolio, we're roughly 35% heavy, 35% medium and 30% light on the portfolio as a whole.
Kevin Mitchell: As you look at that, so I think the NGL segment reported $73 million of income in the quarter. About $20 million of that is associated with inventory LIFO related items, nothing specifically unusual in what happened, it's just that the magnitude and it's positive in the quarter and these things will happen from time to time and it can go in the opposite direction also. But as you look at that and try and think about our run rate going forward, you probably ought to back out somewhere in the order of $20 million from what we reported in the first quarter.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes Blake, it is a little bit low and it really reflects the mixed effect of certain items in the portfolio; so the higher proportion of international earnings than I would say normal in part because of the amount of U.S. refining turnaround activity we had, so relatively low U.S. refining earnings contribution. Some of that dynamic as you look in the chemical segment, the Middle East joint ventures that CPChem has -- so that's in Qatar and Saudi Arabia, those are equity method accounting accounted at the CPChem level and those equity earnings are after-tax. So the entities themselves pay tax and that flows through after-tax. And so that has the impact of reducing the overall effective tax rate and it's more pronounced than a period where the other pre-tax income is lower because of -- for example, turn around impacts. You also have the effect of non-controlling interest in the effective tax rate calculation. We factor that into our overall guidance range effective tax rates but again when the rest of the portfolio is in a relatively low earnings quarter it has a slightly bigger impact. So all in, as we look at where this -- where we expect this to be on an ongoing basis, we'd still come back to -- it should be low 20s from an effective tax rate standpoint.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes Phil, so a couple of comments on that. Obviously the drawdown in the cash was a function of the buyback, so we did a $3.3 billion buyback with Berkshire and we issued $1.5 billion of debt; so we consumed a fair amount of cash in doing that. Part of the reason we were able to do that is, if you think back to tax reform and the ability to get access to cash that previously was -- it wasn't trapped internationally but there was a greater cost to accessing that cash, and so we've taken advantage of that. And so what that means is, on a go-forward basis we have the ability to utilize more -- get more access to overall available cash balances. In terms of as you look out the year, we typically don't give what we haven't given guidance on dropdown plans around that. But as we commented or stated in the PSXP earnings release, we're not that far from our stated 2018 EBITDA guidance at the MLP level. So there is potential with organic growth projects underway at the MLP. Dropdown needs would be pretty minimal from an MLP growth standpoint and I wouldn't imagine we'd be in a situation where we would just force a draw to provide funding back up to the parent; all those decisions are made from us at a long-term MLP growth perspective.
Kevin Mitchell: And just to add Justin on dividend, no change from what we've said in the past in terms of secure, competitive and growing. So we'll continue to grow the dividend, just because we did the big share buyback this year doesn't preclude us from increasing the dividends as well this year.
Kevin Mitchell: Brad, you're correct that with the crackers starting up, the declared commercial operations on it in April, and so that adds it into the denominator from a total capacity standpoint. So the new polyethylene units were already reflected in the denominator, the new cracker is in effective second quarter; so that 96% includes our assumptions around what all the new units will be running.
Kevin Mitchell: One other thing I would add is we're not seeing the adoption of scrubbers at the pace that we anticipated a few months ago. I think it's been much lower and depending on the availability of the 3.5 [ph] fuel; after the changes are implemented, perhaps there may be a more rapid adoption of scrubbers but that's going to depend on the availability of the fuel and a number of items that are just hard to predict at this time.
Kevin Mitchell: There aren't attractive projects to invest in, we'll continue to buyback stock and reduce the share account and make it accretive that way.
Kevin Mitchell: Some of this has been a function of -- debt has gone up on a consolidated level over the last year or two, and a big factor there has been the transaction we just did in the first quarter with the large share buybacks, so that added $1.5 billion of debt that we hadn't anticipated doing. But as we look ahead and we see a period of reasonably strong margins, you've got new projects coming online, you've got chemicals with the new assets up and running and expect increased distributions out of chemicals. We think we'll have the ability to pay down some of that debt over the next couple of years or so, I think you kind of got to that point that we have the ability to potentially bring debt back down a $1 billion or $1.5 billion or so over the next couple of years if margins hold in where we think they're going to be.
Kevin Mitchell: It depends, I mean it's going to be somewhat dependent on the relative -- the alternative opportunities. The $1.5 billion we just added was clearly incremental debt, so it would be nice to be able to take care of that over the next near-term period, couple of years or so; and then it becomes opportunistic, what's the best use of available cash and it will depend on what the investment opportunities look like, where the share price trades and opportunities around share buybacks, and so it will be that continual sort of balancing act across those capital allocation decisions.
Kevin Mitchell: Paul, for commercial reasons we don't talk about individual sourcing of feedstock for individual refineries.
