Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Jeff and good afternoon everyone. We delivered another quarter of record earnings and adjusted EBITDA reflecting reliable operating performance at our wholly owned and joint venture assets. We continue to execute on our organic growth projects with the successful startup of multiple new assets this year, including the Bayou Bridge Pipeline extension, Lake Charles products pipeline and Lake Charles isomerization unit. These assets are running well and performing as planned. Our Board of Directors approved a third quarter distribution of $0.865 per common unit, an increase of $0.01 per common unit from the previous quarter and 9% higher than the third quarter 2018 cash distribution. We have increased the distribution every quarter since the July 2013 IPO. We remain committed to delivering competitive distribution growth while maintaining strong coverage and leverage ratios. Moving on to Slide 4 to discuss the financial results, the partnership reported third quarter earnings of $237 million. Adjusted EBITDA during the quarter was a record $323 million, an increase of $4 million from the second quarter. The improvement reflects increased volumes and tariff rates, partially offset by higher planned maintenance expense. Third quarter distributable cash flow was $255 million, an increase of $1 million from the prior quarter. Slide 5 highlights our financial flexibility and liquidity. We ended the third quarter with $655 million of cash and $749 million available under our revolving credit facility. During the quarter, the Partnership issued $900 million of unsecured notes in attractive interest rate environment. A portion of the proceeds was used to repay the remaining $400 million outstanding under a term loan facility, and in October, we paid off $300 million of senior notes due February 2020. The debt-to-EBITDA ratio on the revolver covenant basis was 3.2 times. The leverage ratio was higher due to the timing of the debt issuance in the third quarter and repayment of the senior notes in the fourth quarter. Our distribution coverage ratio was 1.29 times. We continue to target a long-term leverage ratio of up to 3.5 times and distribution coverage ratio over 1.2 times. The Partnership advanced its major projects during the quarter funding $136 million of growth capital. This included spend for the C2G Pipeline, the Clemens Caverns and the Sweeny to Pasadena pipeline expansion as well as investment in the South Texas Gateway Terminal. Now, Rosy will provide an update on our growth projects.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. Spiro, this is Kevin. I would just reiterate the comments that Greg had made this morning around the suite of organic growth projects that are taking place really across both you see at the PSX level and also at PSXP and fundamentally as you step back and look at what’s being done at PSX you would conclude that it makes sense to get those done into the MLP over time. I think I will leave specifics around those Red Oak Liberty projects. We will leave those for the Investor Day and especially since they are actually PSX projects at this point in time, but fundamentally large backlog of growth opportunities that could feed the MLP for quite some period of time.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Theresa, we really have to pass on this question, it’s not appropriate for PSXP to be commenting on DCP and the parents ownership on DCP. So I’m going to pass on that one.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. We do. But I would – sort of take it back to right now something like 90% of the PSXP business. The direct PSXP owned assets about 90% of that revenue stream comes from PSX. So it’s still very much within the greater PSX level family if you think about it like that. And when you connect a lot of that to the assets that those are being – those are supporting – those volumes are supporting, you think about the PSX refining and marketing infrastructure. Some of the NGL value chain. PSX is in that for the long term, and so we feel very comfortable around that. The joint venture assets that we’ve been investing in have more third-party, a lot more third-party exposure there, but fundamentally, we go back to long-term contracts, long-term commitments around those assets and so within the context of our planning horizon, which is more than short-term, right. It takes us a reasonable period of time, we feel very comfortable around where that sits.
Kevin Mitchell: And I would just supplement that by, if you think about the slide that Rosy talked to. The isomerization units complete. Gray Oak Pipeline there will be some minor spend carry over into 2020, but that’s fundamentally that’s done by the end of this year. You’ve got the Sweeny to Pasadena Pipeline is into 2020, South Texas Gateway is middle of 2020, Clemens Caverns expansion continues, C2G Pipeline is spend through next year and into 2021. So I’ll give you some flavor of what will comprise at least a portion of the capital budget. But you can sort of get it from that list of projects and the expected startup timing, completion timings.
Rosy Zuklic: Thanks, Kevin and hello everyone. Slide 6 lists the projects we have ongoing. I’ll speak to a few of the projects. The Lake Charles isomerization unit had a successful start-up and reached full production in September. We are excited about this asset. The initial operating performance is meeting design rates and we expect to receive a full quarter of earnings contribution in the fourth quarter. The Gray Oak Pipeline project is nearing completion. We have started line fill and commissioning activities and are on track for initial startup in November, with full service in the first quarter of 2020. Gray Oak will connect to multiple terminals in the Corpus Christi area, including the South Texas Gateway Terminal. The marine export terminal will have two deepwater docks with storage capacity of over 7 million barrels and up to 800,000 barrels per day of throughput capacity. Phillips 66 Partners owns a 25% interest in the terminal, which is expected to startup by mid 2020. The remaining projects listed are on schedule to be completed as planned. We look forward to providing more information at the upcoming Phillips 66 Investor Day. This concludes our prepared remarks. We will now open the line for questions.
Rosy Zuklic: Sure. Hi, Spiro, this is Rosy. Absolutely. So if you think about the great benefit that we are seeing in the terminals is really as a result of the projects that we have had coming online as Kevin mentioned, you have got Bayou Bridge, where we have the second phase of the pipeline there starting up and then Lake Charles pipeline where we have got products moving from Lake Charles refinery down to Clifton Ridge terminal. And so really what we are seeing there is we have got additional crude movement and product movement off of the Clifton Ridge terminal. And so you are seeing that kind of uplift in the terminaling volumes there and so just really a fruition of all the different projects coming together. And I do think that, that is something that at least for the next quarter you should definitely see an uptick coming there. On the JV pipeline, it’s a continuation of what we saw in the second quarter. Explorer had another record quarter. Second quarter was a great quarter. Third quarter was even better, 750,000 barrels per day throughput up from 703,000 last quarter. Bayou Bridge, again if you think about the fact that it started Phase 2 in the second quarter and then in the third quarter, we had a benefit of the full quarter running 299,000 barrels per day and then Bakken pipeline also had another uptick in volumes.
Rosy Zuklic: Yes, I think the way I think about it from a modeling for PSXP specifically is from a fourth quarter perspective, I don’t anticipate to see any really benefit from an earnings perspective. From a run-rate EBITDA, I would say it’s starting maybe in the second quarter. And then as Tim has alluded the first quarter being really the ramp up period, I would say that that’s probably half of what the run-rate would be. So you would probably want to phase it in throughout the first quarter.
Rosy Zuklic: So for 2020, we’ll give more color at the Analyst Day presentation here in a couple of weeks. As far as 2019, no change to what we said last quarter. If I take you back to when we first did the budget, we said that it was going to be about $600 million and with the increase in the Gray Oak project, the latest forecast was between $700 million to $750 million and we’re still at that forecast.
