Greg C. Garland: So I’ll take a stab and then Tim, and Greg can kind of help answer the questions. So you think about the running room, we eventually get to 100% of advantage crude across the refineries. That’s some combination of getting more crude east and west because that’s where we still have the opportunities when you think about Bayway, and you think about the West Coast refineries. Rail is the key piece of that. We are adding capabilities, we’re taking more cars by the end of this year, we think will have all the 2,000 cars in place that we’ve purchased. We are thinking about buying some more railcars. We certainly have a large project underway at Bayway to be able to unload at Bayway 75 a day. And so, we are trying to get Bayway position where we can get it on a pretty steady guide of Bakken and then we have the Jones Act vessels run Eagle Ford around to Bayway. So, we are working that. The thing I would say is we’ve said this for a while, as we do think that crudes like LLS become an advantage crude for us on the Gulf Coast. And so by the day we would want to add in the 500,000 barrels a day of Brent based crudes they were running ultimately it becomes an advantage crude and I do think between what our sales and others are doing on the West Coast, we are going to pressure ANS prices and so ANS whether it be in a Brent based type crude it becomes an advantage crude. So that partly is what the actions we’re taking, what the actions others are taking that put pressure on some of these crudes. And so I think we do get the 100% of advantaged crudes over the next couple of years.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, secondary product, so crude prices went up 8% to 12%. So WTI was up 12%, Brent is up 8% this quarter over the last quarter and our prices stayed flat for a while with the secondary products and so that’s when we saw with the compression.
Greg C. Garland: So when you look at the Middle East versus North America on an ethane basis, it’s generally in the same ballpark slightly advantaged from that standpoint to the Middle East crackers typically. So I’d say margins are good. The real challenge in the Middle East continues to be from the Saudi crackers specifically. We continue to experience some unplanned downtime related to shaking out and getting some technical issues resolved on that. So if margins are strong, demand is good globally for those products and so really it comes down to the operating rate and that’s been coming up, but we’re still not where we want to be.
Greg C. Garland: So we continue to always abide with our portfolio and we’ve guided there. We said publicly that we’re looking at selling possibly our Whitegate refinery in Ireland and our interest in the Melaka refinery in Malaysia, and so those efforts continue. We’re in the process of evaluating specifically the opportunities around Whitegate. So I think those have been the pieces of portfolio for us that long-term are really where the strategic interest is.
Greg C. Garland: We’ve got just a tremendous set of opportunities in that Midstream space, the large one as you mentioned were the frac opportunity and the LPG which were continuing to develop on the engineering stage, and committing substantial engineering dollars and long lead equipment items on that as we progress that toward FID which we would hope to be early next year. So beyond that there is just a number of pipeline connections and smaller things that we’re looking at smaller projects that build on our base around both NGL and the refining part of our network. So smaller projects that can be executed a little more quickly, but the big driver in the midstream is that frac and export terminal. And so we just continue to see a whole opportunity to develop that logistics infrastructure around the NGL export gas base kind of opportunity, and being around for advantage crude into the front end of our refineries that Greg talked about as well as some opportunities on the refined product side. And so I think I look at that and I just see substantial opportunity. As far as market based tariffs go, we’re continuing to progress that and we’re making those adjustments and you can see that show up this quarter in terms of the improvement that we’ve made. So I think we are pretty much through in our existing system with that as we progress that from a cost base system into a market base. So I think going forward the real growth in the midstream comes from our own internal expansion at Phillips 66 and then of course our interest in the DCP Midstream venture that we have with Spectra.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, we still continue to work through all those but largely that’s getting in place and so the real step up in terms of the potential comes from new pipeline connections, new opportunities and then these major capital projects we talked about.
Greg C. Garland: Well, we’re certainly working on our own projects and we’re working with others. I would say that they are progressing. I think we have a high-level of confidence that we’re going to be able to address those issues and get those projects completed and underway.
Greg C. Garland: I think primarily we still see the railcars clearing northern production to the East and the West Coast. So our current thinking is that those railcars will be primarily in service to both Ferndale and into Bayway and as we developed the California options, I think some opportunities there as well. But really it’s more around using the railcars to access either Canadian and/or Bakken crude to move those into the coastal systems, primarily the East and the West.
Greg C. Garland: Philosophically as far as locking in margins or we typically don’t do that given the optionality of our system. We think that people own us for that exposure. It’s hard to know whether LLS widens or narrows from where it is today given all the factors that are on the market. So we typically don’t hedge crude diffs or market cracks.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, I think it’s probably a reasonable range for the infrastructure that we see in front of us that we want to do. Essentially you’re going to incubate projects at the PSX level that ultimately probably get destined for PSXP until we can grow the scale in MLP to the point that they can either co-invest or can execute projects on its own, but, yes I would say. So I mean the frac and export facility, we think it’s $2 billion to $3 billion over the next two-three years. You can get another $1 billion a year of capital spend on kind of what we’re doing now at $2 billion level. I mean that’s how we got to the guidance and we’re still working on that and we still need go to an approval process with our Board that at least we’re kind of exposing our thinking here, Paul.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, so in our presentations that we’ve been giving to investors that you seem clearly with the pie charts if you remember we want to see refining under 50% of our income, capital employed is a little difficult to measure because of the JVs and the way you count for joint ventures. But clearly when we think about income, we want to see a 30% to 40% refining, and we’ll see Marketing and Specialties, Midstream, Chemicals and the other 60% to 70% of our earnings call. And what we are trying to do is rather than the five year plan, how we get there in three years.
Greg C. Garland: So a fairly small percentage, if you look at that compared to what we have in the pipes. So you are right as far as directionally which way it go, but I don’t think it’s a huge needle mover.
Greg C. Garland: Well, what I would say is we do like the refining business. As you think about it we got here this quarter, but we got there because we didn't make any money in refining. So that’s not the way we want to get there. But when we look at our assets around the Midcontinent and Gulf Coast, we think those are pretty good assets, and long-term those assets will probably be in our portfolio, because if we think about West Coast and East Coast and U.S, it is not necessarily true, Atlantic Basin is a very challenging place if you well know. We think Bayway is a great asset and a challenged market. You think around the rest of portfolio, our Humber assets is a great asset that needs especially great need of coke, we did good returns out of that, draw a circle around our European operations, excess of 30% the return on capital employed. So that is a good solid business for us. If you look at that, 30,000 feet the market that we are in North America and Europe aren't going to be growing market, in fact they're probably declining markets. And so the opportunity to employ capital and make a good return on that is just more difficult. I’d rather move into the higher valued businesses in midstream in chemical and we have been pretty consistent about that. But we are always going to look at our portfolio and optimize the portfolio.
Greg C. Garland: Well, I think in any time we look at an asset and we’re going to let an asset go, if we go to get value for PSX shareholders. It has to be tax efficient in terms of the transaction itself. And we look at these assets East and West Coast, we’ll put in advantaged crudes, so that we think we can make them better and drive more value ultimately and optionality that thing, we look at these assets both east and west, we don’t have to put a lot of money into these assets. The option value to hold on is not high for us and again they are generating positive cash or generating maybe single-digit returns, but they are adding value to the portfolio overall. So we don’t feel like there it is stressed assets, we just have to move today. So we’ll hold them for some option value. We’ll consider multiple ways to create values with these assets, but in the mean time we’re going to work to make them better.
Greg C. Garland: And maybe just one more thing, I mean we see opportunity to improve the base refining. We’ve been out there saying we think there is 200 basis points of improvement mostly [ph] by getting advantage crude, managing our costs, pushing our yield and so we still have room to improve our base refining business.
Greg C. Garland: Well, I think the answer is yes. I think ultimately you have to look at that. One of the things we’re really blessed with is we have a portfolio of great projects that touch the existing assets and infrastructure and those are going to be the best returns. We’ll move on those first. You look around the midstream space today. Things look a little expensive to us as you look at valuations, but we would never say we will never do something in that space, but clearly we look at that opportunity set as a existing portfolio, there is lots to do.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, I think we look at all those options, but clearly we have a – the MLP we form today at PSX is small and the organic growth opportunities were large here. So I think it’s a very synergistic relationship, but yes, you can use that vehicle to increase your presence over time. So I think as Greg said, we’re always looking at that opportunity, but we’ve got that forward-looking opportunity there and then we got a huge portfolio from an organic or drop-down perspective as well.
Greg C. Garland: So we look at our portfolio. We’re kind of industry-leading distillate yield today. As we look at the investments that will be required to really move the needle a lot on that it’s a lot of money. And so I don’t think we want to make that kind of investment. We do think and now do have in our plans small changes in operations, optimization and maybe some very small capital projects. We think we can push yields another 1% or so within our existing portfolio without spending a lot of capital and I think that’s our plan at this point.
Greg C. Garland: All right, it’s one of the optimization refinery. We pushed up over 100,000 from time to time and it’s a 250,000 barrel a day approximately refinery. So I think it’s really about the logistics and we’ll keep pushing north of that as we look at the opportunity that really is around the value of the crude slates and we optimize that, but the crudes that we’ve got from the Bakken and Eagle Ford are actually a pretty good fit in Bayway. So we’ve got a pretty healthy appetite hence you’ve seen the investment that we got underway at Bayway rail unloading and we certainly have the capability from a marine standpoint to bring a lot of barrels into that facility that way.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, I mean I think we’ll just optimize and if the sources develop then I think you can push that. It’s just a question of what’s the right grade, but I think Bayway very likely will have some component of imports for the foreseeable future.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, it’s a potential project and it’s really looking at ways to utilize fully that system. So, I think we’re always interested in those higher returns, debottlenecks that did make sense there and so I think we’re continuing to work definitely in the engineering side to try and find a way to increase the use of those heavy crudes and the advantage that we seek with that.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, it’s not anything at all like the revamp that we went through Wood River runs heavy crudes. This is much more incremental optimization kind of stage show. This is looking at the bottlenecks and thinking about where we can find capacity and ways to handle lights perhaps in the heavy crude.
Greg C. Garland: Well, certainly the winter seasons here, so butane blending and the lights going in swells of gasoline pool with that and it is economically attractive to do that now. So yeah, I think you’re back into normal pattern where you will see butane blending being economically driven at this point.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, so I mean, we looked at DCP, the premier gas gathering NGL producer in the industry. I mean they’re the largest gas gatherer. They are the largest producer of natural gas liquids. We look this as a [indiscernible] going on 14 years, it’s been a great relationship, we’ve got a great partner respect there, they’re talented people, we like them and we see lots of runway left at DCP. And so we want to continue to have a exposure in DCP into the future. There is lots of ways that we can create value at DCP and I will just say that those conversations are ongoing between the partners all the time as we’re looking at multiple options and how do we create more value for both SE and PSX.
Greg C. Garland: Yes, I think, I mean we are aware of that transaction and so I would say, we are considering multiple avenues for value creation at DCP.
Timothy G. Taylor: Yes, Evan, this is Tim Taylor. So in terms of the capital cost of the cracker and derivates complex in the Gulf Coast, we’ve said that were approximately $6 billion on that. So in terms of a second cracker project in the Gulf Coast, at CPChem they continue to look around the globe where to build a cost competitive advantage feedstock cracker. That’s key business for them and frankly the U.S. continues to look good. It maybe a little bit different in terms of feedstock slate to provide some flexibility, but as you look around the world, the North America – the energy market with NGLs continues to be a place where you could say that a second wave of cracker expansions of those supply continue to develop that makes sense. So I think that that’s certainly there. The timeline for that, if you haven’t started that, it’s six years to seven years from the time that you begin conceptual thinking to actually getting in the ground. So you are pushing out probably toward the end of this decade, the very early part of next decade before you’d expect to see probably at this point another significant amount of cracker expansions in the U.S. Gulf Coast.
Timothy G. Taylor: Okay. Thanks good morning. We're going to continue to ensuring capital and going in refining. I tell the guys that bring me all of the 40% return of projects you’ve got and we’ll fund those. We’ll fund the advantage crude, we are going to fund the infrastructure around exports and refining, but frankly we just have better opportunities in our higher value businesses around Midstream and Chemicals and we take refining free cash and sell it to those higher value businesses. I think you will see us be very consistent around that.
Timothy G. Taylor: Yes, I think at one point we were railing around the 100,000 a day in the Bayway and we cut that to 30,000 barrels a day, I think in August through September. So obviously, 70,000 barrels a day of rail capacity. We took off and just put those cars on the siting and started importing West African or North Sea crudes.
Timothy G. Taylor: I think the focus, Brad, of getting this to portfolio where less than half of our income is coming from refining really is, the focus is how do we grow midstream and chemicals rather than how do we shrink refining. I think that’s the – and refining capacity maybe lower in the future than it is right now, but there’s a lot going on in to growing our midstream business more quickly and while competing in the refining sector as well.
Greg G. Maxwell: Working capital release would be significant. So that’s a piece of what we look at in terms of the valuation.
Greg G. Maxwell: So it’s primarily LPG that comes out on the other products that comes out on the refining processes, but coke is clearly the byproduct so to speak of the coking operations. LPG prices are linked, as you know you can get a public marker on those, going back to NGL and the supply demand on the LPG market. Coke, we have a couple of segments there. We have a specialty coke business, which is a high-valued business and that’s going on a very different basis than we also make other anode coke as well as fuel-grade coke, and clearly some of the fuel-grade coke is related to coal prices. So I think you get some idea of what happened in the coal market as natural gas continue to penetrate North America in that. So, coke prices tend not to move directly with the crude in the short-term. It’s just a variety of contract structures with that.
Greg G. Maxwell: Great, and then maybe assets that are currently inside the refining expense whether it's rail unloading facilities or docks or items that are not in transportation today, that we may carve out of refining and put into the transportation in midstream segment.
Greg G. Maxwell: We look at the West Coast and we see average assets in our portfolio. The net income positive or cash positive, single-digit return type for the most part you look over to [indiscernible] selling those guys, single point in time forecast are really dangerous in this business. So you want to be careful with that. But as we look at those assets that I would say that we're going to consider all options to increase value of those assets. And clearly for us getting an advantage crude in the front of those refineries is a big piece of the value equation. Now I think the jury is still out on what happens with the Monterey in California. And if something happened there that would change our view and I think we would be open to joint venturing those assets, IPO-ing those assets, think about alternative structures for those assets. But first we’re going to put advantaged crude to the front of those and improve the performance of that. I’d say that we don’t feel pressure that we have to do something quickly on those assets. We can take our time and evaluate those assets.
Greg G. Maxwell: I would also say we are looking at multiple ways of getting crude into California, whether it’s unit train unloading or barge into both with AO and LA have water balloon capabilities. So we tried to attack it from a couple of different directions.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes, I think that when we look to the broader system we continue to increase our use of Eagle Ford and crudes in our system, and so the marine opportunities exist for us to bring those crudes into Louisiana as well as around the Bayway as Greg referenced earlier. So I think it’s just increased the opportunity really around the marine movements to use those crudes in the Gulf Coast now up to East Coast finally.
Greg G. Maxwell: We ship less. We made less rail shipments to Bakken to Bayway in response to the closing there. That’s opening back up and so we’re ramping back up. Today, rail movements for us in total are probably a little less than 100,000 barrels. So clearly we are ramping up our capacity. So it’s kind of roughly in that ballpark of what we got.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes. You’ve got both more cars and you’ve got wider diffs. But I think we’re always a little reluctant to talk about how much more we’re buying from any specific fields. We don’t think it necessarily helps us our commercial guys that are out there buying the crude. I think we’re comfortable in saying it’s going to be higher in the fourth quarter than the third quarter, but I don’t think we want to quantify how much of an increase that will be. I don’t see what you feel.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes, we buy out. So our commercial group looks at the market fundamentals and makes that call and so I think we are clearly on the opportunity listed here in the fourth quarter pretty early. So we’re able to – I think they were ahead of that plan from our perspective on that.
Greg G. Maxwell: We’re reluctant to give guidance on capture rates, I think given where the prices are today, you would come to that conclusion but it’s hard for us to make a call on what fourth quarter capture.
Greg G. Maxwell: So diffs are definitely better but I would say the market cracks are down month to date. So it’s a tough one to sort your way through on that one Paul. So we are not giving guidance, I would just say you look at the month of October, what’s out there in terms of the market cracks they’re down versus third quarter, but diffs are much better.
Greg G. Maxwell: Yes, Paul. This is Greg Maxwell. As part of our fundamental shift, I don’t see a big trend out there as far as the way our business is running. We did as we mentioned in our notes and as you saw in the chart, we did have about $1 billion source in working capital in the third quarter. So I mentioned in my notes, we think that that will turn a bit in the fourth quarter, $500 million to $600 million primarily as related to some tax payments, but if you look at the components of what drove that $1 billion, it was pretty much across all the elements of working capital. For example, we had to draw in inventories in the third quarter, but more than offsetting that was an increase in our accounts payable and a lot of that was result of the – as we saw the crude prices going up that increased our payables slightly in the third quarter. So overall, I don’t see a real fundamental shift with regard to the levels of our working capital as we change our business processes.
Greg G. Maxwell: I will just say, you think about the 2,000 railcars, we can move 120 a day, we have a global deal, we can move 75 a day. So with the existing assets and infrastructure we have, we can maybe move 200 a day, 250 a day and then you think about all, we are moving 3 million barrels a day in our whole system.
Greg G. Maxwell: Christine, we need to – we’ve kind of gone over the hour here. I know that there are people still on the line waiting to ask questions. We are just – I am certainly available, Rose is available after the call, if you’d like to call in, but I think we need to stop the call right now. I appreciate everybody’s interest and good questions and look forward to seeing and talking to you all very soon. Thank you.
