Kevin Mitchell: Thank you, Mark. Adjusted earnings were $2.1 billion or $4.63 per share. A $9 million decrease in the fair value of our investment in NOVONIX reduced earnings per share by $0.02. We generated operating cash flow of $2.7 billion, including a working capital benefit of $285 million and cash distributions from equity affiliates of $361 million. Capital spending for the quarter was $855 million. We returned $1.2 billion to shareholders through $752 million of share repurchases and $465 million of dividends. We ended the quarter with a net debt-to-capital ratio of 33%. Annualized adjusted return on capital employed was 17%. I’ll cover the segment results on Slide 10. Additional details can be referenced in the appendix to this presentation. This slide highlights the change in adjusted results by segment from the second quarter to the third quarter. During the period, adjusted earnings increased $304 million, mostly due to improved results in Refining, partially offset by lower results in Chemicals and Midstream as well as higher corporate costs. In Midstream, third quarter adjusted pre-tax income was $569 million, down $57 million from the prior quarter. The decrease related to our NGL business and was mainly due to the timing of cargo freight costs as well as higher utility, integration and employee costs. These impacts were partially offset by higher margins from increasing commodity prices. Chemicals adjusted pre-tax income decreased $88 million to $104 million in the third quarter. This decrease was mainly due to lower margins. Global O&P utilization was 99%. Refining third quarter adjusted pre-tax income was $1.7 billion, up $592 million from the second quarter. The increase was primarily due to higher realized margins and strong utilization. Realized margins increased due to higher market crack spreads, partially offset by inventory hedge impacts, lower secondary product margins and lower Gulf Coast clean product realizations. Inventory hedges and losses from secondary products mainly reflect the impact of rising crude prices during the quarter. These market factors negatively impacted capture rate, which was 66% in the quarter. Marketing and Specialties adjusted third quarter pre-tax income was $633 million, a slight decrease of $11 million from the previous quarter, reflecting continued strong margins. The Corporate and Other segment’s adjusted pre-tax costs were $59 million higher than the previous quarter. The increase was mainly due to higher net interest expense related to acquiring DCP Midstream’s public common units on June 15 as well as employee-related expenses. Our adjusted effective tax rate was 24%. The impact of non-controlling interest was improved compared to the prior quarter and reflects a lower non-controlling interest since our acquisition of DCP Midstream public common units. Slide 11 shows the change in cash during the third quarter. We started the quarter with a $3 billion cash balance. Cash from operations was $2.4 billion, excluding working capital. During the quarter, we funded $358 million of pension plan contributions, which comes out of cash from operations. That was a working capital benefit of $285 million. Year-to-date working capital is a use of around $2 billion, primarily related to inventory that we expect to mostly reverse by year-end. We received $280 million from asset dispositions, mainly reflecting the sale of our interest in South Texas Gateway Terminal. Total proceeds from asset dispositions of $370 million through the third quarter of 2023. We funded $855 million of capital spending. This includes $260 million for the acquisition of a U.S. West Coast marketing business. We repaid approximately $500 million of debt, mostly reflecting lower borrowings on DCP Midstream’s credit facilities. Additionally, we returned $1.2 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. Our ending cash balance was $3.5 billion. This concludes my review of the financial and operating results. Next, I’ll cover a few outlook items. In Chemicals, we expect the fourth quarter global O&P utilization rate to be in the mid-90s. In Refining, we expect the fourth quarter worldwide crude utilization rate to be in the low-90s and turnaround expenses to be between $90 million and $110 million. We anticipate fourth quarter Corporate and Other costs to come in between $280 million and $300 million. Now we will open the line for questions, after which Mark will make closing comments.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Neil. It’s Kevin. Let me just make a couple of comments on that. So we did have a few things moving around in the quarter that impacted capture to the negative. And so we saw regional price differentials that differed from the benchmark that we use in terms of the market crack. And so those worked against us that during the quarter, for example, the Chicago market, which became disconnected from the group, and we move product into that market. We also had an impact from the effect of inventory hedges in a rising price environment. So that crack component, this all showed up in the central corridor. We expect about $100 million to $150 million of that to come back in the fourth quarter as we see the physical gain on those barrels that offsets the paper loss that we took in the third quarter.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. Roger, it’s Kevin. So just for clarity on that point, the growth that we laid out there, the incremental $1 billion is excluding the impact of dispositions. And so clearly, dispositions will reduce EBITDA. We’re not giving any guidance on that at this point in time. I mean, you can come up with an assumption on where you may think we will be selling assets and make a multiple assumption from that. But we’re not giving any specific guidance on the dispositions, other than we expect to realize in excess of $3 billion.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes, Doug, let me try and unpack some of that. So our mid-cycle Refining EBITDA, as we laid out at Investor Day, was $4 billion. That reflects a historic average assumption around where the market will trade. And that’s – we haven’t changed that assumption. What we are doing is increasing our ability to capture value across that system through lower costs and increased contribution from our commercial organization and the EBITDA uplift they provide – that, that organization provides to the system will predominantly show up in Refining. It won’t all be Refining, but it’ll predominantly show up in Refining. We haven’t tried to make a call on if we actually think the go-forward mid-cycle margin environment is stronger now than it has been historically. Clearly, we’ve been in above mid-cycle conditions for most of this year and last year. And that’s all – we view that as upside, so we’re still pretty optimistic for the near-term. We’re probably above mid-cycle in the near-term, but our fundamental view of mid-cycle hasn’t changed. But our belief in terms of what that business can do in a mid-cycle environment is going up with the enhancements we’re putting in place.
Kevin Mitchell: Well, not really because, if you think back to where we were running for the years prior to the pandemic and then we took a hit during the pandemic, we’re really assuming we get back to that kind of level of operations that we were at before. And so some of the things – some of the Refining performance priorities that Rich has talked about in the past that were outlined in Investor Day a year ago, we did not include those in as increases to mid-cycle. We view that as we have to deliver on these to get back to that level of operations that we’ve historically been at.
Kevin Mitchell: Yes. I mean, John, the market environment will impact profitability. It will impact cash generation. But the bulk of the working capital benefit we expect to see in the fourth quarter will be driven by inventory impacts, and that’s pretty solid in terms of that impact. So, while there will always be other parts moving around in this equation, I feel pretty confident that the top end of that targeted range is – we will be around about there at the end of the year. I am not too concerned by that.
Mark Lashier: Hi, Neil. Good morning. This is Mark. When you think about the additional billion-dollar increments in EBITDA, that really comes from the enhanced business transformation work that we’re going to do as well as the additional synergies we intend to capture from the DCP roll-up, supplemented by the enhanced capability and value creation that we’re going to see out of the commercial organization. Regarding asset dispositions, this fundamentally is about creating focus and redeploying capital. We’re not going to comment on specific assets today, but we generally have some high-performing assets that may be more valuable to others and maybe more strategic to others and we are going to explore that. And if we can capture value greater than our whole value, we’ll do so. But the bottom line is this, that we’re committed to managing the portfolio to drive focus that’s consistent with our strategy and simplifying our business.
Mark Lashier: Yes. Manav, I would just add over the top that Brian and his team have been just quietly and consistently executing their last-mile strategy and this opportunity to invest a fairly small amount of capital to get very high returns and to enhance our exposure to retail margins in a very accretive way. And it’s – you’re seeing the value show up, and you’re seeing a consistent performance there that we really appreciate.
Mark Lashier: The answer to the first question is yes. The answer to the second question is, it really is a function of the market appetite. We understand the value that these assets provide us, and they provide good value. So we’ve got to find willing buyers that have a greater affinity for those assets than we do. And so we’re not in any rush. We’re not performing any fire sale, but we believe there is opportunities out there in the market today to execute that plan.
Mark Lashier: Yes. Ryan, this is Mark. Glad to answer that question. To answer your last question, the answer is yes. If we’re outperforming our – our desire is to hit the high end of that target, and we’ve provided the flexibility in the event that there is less cash available because of market conditions, we can pull back a little bit. Another thing I would point out is our $3 billion in asset dispositions, we have not factored that cash into the $13 billion to $15 billion. So there is another level of assurance there that we can hit that. And we really are focusing on the things that we can control. As you look at the business transformation, we see those numbers, we see the reality of those numbers, and we can capture that and use that value to drive those returns. And we also see line of sight to the additional increments of EBITDA, the $4 billion that’s coming into play. And of course, that could be impacted by market as well. But when you factor all those things in, the risk of underperforming is fairly muted. So we’ve got a high level of confidence that we can deliver.
Mark Lashier: Yes. And I would like to throw another example out there, Ryan, that last week, a group of us visited the Sweeny Complex, and we got to stop by the control room that operates all of our fractionators. And I asked a couple of frontline operators how they felt integration was going, and they were ecstatic because they see the ability to improve their ability to perform. They see it in real time. They said we can run at harder rates because we get better information, there is greater collaboration. They can run without concern or surprises coming at them. And so the whole mindset around business transformation, synergy capture, being more competitive has evolved all the way to the front line. These folks want to win, and they want to figure out every day how to do better and how to drive more synergies and capture that and deliver value. So, it’s real, and it’s out on the front line.
Mark Lashier: Yes. Thanks Jason. The cash that we might receive from those asset dispositions will be allocated consistent with our premise capital allocation process. It always includes a growth element. And if there are things that we can accelerate in our growth agenda, we can look at that. But certainly, also would be a factor is opportunities around our balance sheet and then opportunities to hit the high end of our cash return to shareholders target. So, it’s all in play, just like any dollar of cash that we would turn over to treasury.
Mark Lashier: Yes. We heard the first part, so Tim is going to take a shot at the first part around PE margins and inventories.
Mark Lashier: Yes. Our position there is consistent, secure growing dividends. We have grown the dividend every year since spin, and that’s not going to change.
Mark Lashier: Thank you and thanks to all of you for your questions. Our integrated and diversified portfolio continues to perform extremely well and it creates unique competitive advantage. Our strong performance and confidence in execution drives us to increase several of the original commitments in our pursuit to achieve superior returns for our shareholders. We will return $13 billion to $15 billion to shareholders by year-end 2024. We will reduce refining operating costs by $1 per barrel. We will capture over $400 million in Midstream synergies, and we will deliver $1.4 billion of cash savings by year-end 2024. We will monetize over $3 billion of non-core assets and we will enhance our commercial capabilities generating additional earnings. Our plans are ambitious. We are raising the bar and continuing to reward shareholders now and well into the future.
Rich Harbison: Yes, Roger, this is Rich. As we’ve indicated over the years, our kit has shifted towards distillate production. There is nothing that’s changed on that, other than some of our flexibility to move back and forth between gasoline and distillate. So we still maintain a kit that is favorable to distillate margins in the market.
Rich Harbison: Manav, I’ll start that answer and then maybe give – hand it over to Brian here to add a little color on the backside. So at Rodeo, maybe I’ll just step back a little bit and level set on everything that’s going on at Rodeo here. So Rodeo, there was two NGOs that filed a suit against at Contra Costa County, alleging that the Rodeo Renewed project environmental impact report insufficiently address project impacts. The ruling for the suit was received earlier this year. And actually, there were several issues in our favor, but there were three issues identified as insufficient in the county-certified EIR. The judge explicitly allowed construction to continue with the project while Contra Costa County works through and addresses the three deficiencies that were identified in the EIR. The county actually posted that revised EIR update on October 24. That initiated a 45-day public comment period. The county will respond to the comments and then likely issue a final EIR early 2024. So right now, our project construction remains on track to complete in the first quarter, and we’re committed to that time line. However, I want to add, we have options. We’ve talked a little bit about this, but let me be a little bit more explicit on this one. There is flexibility to continue crude operation in the event that circumstances beyond our control prevent the start-up of the project. I want to say we are committed to the start-up of the project. But if, for some reason, we don’t have that authority, we will continue to operate in crude operation. This is a staggered conversion process. In the past, we’ve called this a ramp-up plan, so that creates natural flexibility for us. It allows us to continue to process crude, or it allows us to start up the Rodeo Renewed project, which, I want to remind people, that’s equivalent to removing emissions of 1 million cars from the roads. So we remain pretty confident. We remain confident, I should say, that we will start up the operation of Rodeo Renewed at the end of the first quarter. And we’re focused on executing that conversion plan. But we have this planned flexibility, and we will continue to process the crude oil, if necessary. Now the outlook on the market and what your – the other part of your question is really this outlook of LCFS and – in this relationship. I’m going to hand that over to Brian, who can explain that relationship a little bit more. It’s more complicated than just the LCFS credit program.
Rich Harbison: Yes, Paul, appreciate the question. We generally give that guidance out fourth quarter, and so stand by for that outlook on the fourth quarter.
Rich Harbison: Secondary products, yes. Yes, so the primary – in refining, that primary mover there is petroleum coke, right. That’s the product that generally drives that secondary product margin for us. And it generally lags behind crude pricing, right, and it’s tied to the coal markets that can pressure it up or pressure it down based on supply and demand requirements there. The other subtle component that plays into secondary products for us is NGL pricing. And that’s bigger in some markets than others for us, but it certainly does play into it, and that’s been depressed for some period now. And that’s – our outlook continues to not be real strong on NGL pricing on the forward curves. The balance of the secondary products, which are fuel oil intermediates and some other products that probably aren’t worth mentioning, those have been relatively flat, really, over the period. So, we don’t see – so, we see those coke and NGLs as the primary movers right now for us in that area.
Brian Mandell: Hi, Manav, it’s Brian. So when you think about the RD margins, you have to think about not just the credits but the price of the feedstock, the price of the RD when it comes to market. So even though we’ve had lower LCFS and RINs, we’ve had these distillate prices that have outrun soybean prices. In fact, soybean prices are off. We have more low CI feedstocks that are making their way into the U.S. Kinder Morgan pipeline is allowing RD on their pipelines now, so that means more reach of RD into the California market for consumption. We’ve had – domestic demand is expected to continue to grow. We’ve converted all our stations. We’re seeing RD demand in Oregon and Washington continue to mature as those programs mature. We’ve been seeing RD moving to states like Texas and Illinois and Colorado, where they have tax abatement and tax reduction programs. And I think traders believe that the U.S. harvest is looking good. And if you remember last year, in Argentina, they had a drought. And this year, we expect a more normal crop level condition. And then finally, what a lot of traders and folks have on their minds is SAF or renewable jet. And as those incentives make more sense to produce renewable jet, you’ll see some of this RD that’s being produced move away and become SAF. So we’re expecting about 200,000 barrels a day of RD at the end of this year, but we will see some of that RD in the future become renewable jet.
Brian Mandell: Hey, Manav, it’s Brian again. So I’ll say we had a really strong quarter in the third quarter. In fact, it was our fourth best quarter on record. Q2 and Q3 are usually stronger seasonally than Q1 and Q4. And as you remember, starting 2019, we’ve added a lot of retail to our retail joint ventures in the U.S. We’re up to 700 retail stores now, and they performed really well this quarter. We’re also focused on what we’ve called the last-mile strategy internally, which is getting Rodeo complex RD to the market, directly to the market, and getting that value chain value at Phillips 66. We’ve seen product volumes in our businesses relatively flat, but we continue to optimize those volumes through higher-value distribution channels. So as a reminder, we have a wholesale business, we have a branded or franchise business, and then we have a retail business. And the branded or franchise business and the retail business, those margins are significantly higher than the wholesale margins. And then finally, on the lubricants base oil business, it continues to perform really well. So I’d say, for Q4, we think that earnings will be in-line with our normal Q4 mid-cycle expectations.
Brian Mandell: Paul, this is Brian. I would say we did raise the mid-cycle a couple of years ago, and we will continue to watch it. And if we need to raise it again, we will. But obviously, the business is performing better and we are proud of the business performing better. We are going to continue to look for opportunities to add to the last-mile strategy and some of our other initiatives. So, as we see that value hitting the bottom line, we will indeed, at some point raise the mid-cycle.
Brian Mandell: I would say keep watching the bottom line, and you will see the dollars there. And when we feel comfortable, we will move mid-cycle up.
Brian Mandell: Hey John, it’s Brian. So, like you said, the WCS dips are very wide, minus $25 now. That’s a benefit to us. We are the largest importer of Canadian crude, nearly 500,000 barrels a day. The reason the dips are wide is because you have more production than you have pipeline egress. And you also have the diluent blended into – starting in September, into the crude, which adds or swells volume. We would expect to see the dips remain seasonally wide with more barrels than egress as traders also sell barrels to meet the year-end inventories. TMX has announced the start-up in April. We will take them at their word. Currently, we don’t think the pipeline will run at full capacity. But if you take a look at the forward curves currently, Q2, Q3 average is about minus $15, and that’s about where we think it might end up.
Brian Mandell: Hey Joe, this is Brian. Let me take a stab at that. In the U.S., inventories remain low for distillate, 17% under 5-year averages. Gasoline has come back up now close to 5-year averages. So, maybe starting on the distillate side, cracks are now in the mid to high $20 range when adjusted in U.S. Gulf Coast, New York and Europe. To be reminded, European refiners need distillate cracks at higher levels because of the higher net gas price to incentivize production. We are seeing distillate demand globally at about 2% higher than last year. In the U.S., we will start – we see demand a little bit off, although we have been watching the manufacturing sector, and we think it’s probably bottomed. Truck tonnage index has begun to rebound as an example. So, for – on our outlook for diesel, we would say it’s supported from here with the low inventories and potential shortages in Europe. And as a reminder, this is Europe’s first year without Russian distillate supply, so we will have to watch that as well. And on the gas cracks, gas has been coming along for a ride as refiners have produced – continue to produce diesel with the strong diesel margins. We have also had butane blending startup, which has increased the volume of gasoline. And the summer has kind of been devoid of any hurricane issues. What we have seen is, especially on the Gulf Coast, we started to see plants cutting FCC units. So, we think that will be a help to clearing up the gasoline. On the demand side, we are seeing global gasoline 2% year-over-year and particularly strong, Asia and Middle East, Europe, about flat. U.S. demand seems to be about flat, too. Latin America has been really strong, about 5% over last year. So, on our outlook for gasoline, we would say demand relatively flat through the end of the year as the markets work to clean up some of the gasoline supply.
