Jeff Dietert: Good morning. And welcome to Phillips 66 first quarter earnings conference call. Participants on today’s call will include Greg Garland, Chairman and CEO; Mark Lashier, President and COO; Kevin Mitchell, EVP and CFO; Bob Herman, EVP, Refining; Brian Mandell, EVP, Marketing and Commercial; and Tim Roberts, EVP, Midstream. Today’s presentation materials can be found on the Investor Relations section of the Phillips 66 website, along with supplemental financial and operating information. Slide two contains our Safe Harbor statement. We will be making forward-looking statements during today’s call. Actual results may differ materially from today’s comments. Factors that could cause actual results to differ are included here, as well as in our SEC filings. With that, I will turn the call over to Greg.
Jeff Dietert: No. I don’t think we see that. I mean, Brian can speak to what we are seeing in the current market. It’s hard to predict the net income but I watch cash and we have seen just cash just strengthening as we have come in the back half of March and on into April. And so, I mean, to me that suggests that capture rates are definitely have improved. Brian, I will let you comment.
Jeff Dietert: Thank you, Erica. And thank all of you for your interest in Phillips 66. If you have further questions, please contact Shannon or me. Thank you.
Greg Garland: Okay, Jeff. Thanks. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us today. In the first quarter, we had adjusted earnings of $595 million or $1.32 per share. Our results were impacted by seasonally lower margins across our businesses. In March, we saw substantially improved operating earnings. In fact, March provided the majority of our first quarter earnings. Well, gasoline and distillate inventories coupled with strong demand will provide momentum as we head into the summer driving season. We generated strong operating cash flow of $1.1 billion during the first quarter and returned $404 million to shareholders in dividends. In April, we repaid $1.45 billion of debt, and earlier today, we announced that we will restart our share repurchases under our existing $2.5 billion authorization. In addition, we remain committed to a secure, competitive and growing dividend, and plan to resume our cadence of annual dividend increases. Earlier this month, we announced that Mark Lashier will become President and CEO of Phillips 66 effective July 1. Mark will lead a company that has a solid strategy, strong leadership and outstanding employees. We are all confident that Mark will serve Phillips 66, our employees, communities and shareholders well as the right leader to position the company to thrive in the years ahead. And with that, I will turn the call over to Mark to provide additional comments.
Greg Garland: Well, I think I will take a stab and Kevin and Mark can come in. Neil, I think, as we think about capital allocation, we think it’s important to get back to a regular cadence in terms of the dividend and increasing the dividend. So that point was made, I think, in the opening comments. Certainly, share repurchases, we laid those down in 2020, as a result of the pandemic to preserve cash and I think it’s just time to get back to that. One of the great things, I think, that our opportunities we have is this tailwind we see in our base business in Refining. We are going to have excess cash. I think that’s going to give us the opportunity to increase the dividend, buy shares back, pay down some more debt, at the same time build some cash on the balance sheet. But I would say, we are -- as a team, our Board of Directors, we are laser-focused on improving total shareholder return for our company.
Greg Garland: I think maybe what’s also been left unsaid here this morning is, we have kind of given guidance about being a very disciplined around our capital investments at our company. And then we have kind of guided to $2 billion or less for this year and next year, and I would say, that guidance is still on the table this morning.
Greg Garland: Okay. I will take a shot. I think there’s three questions there, but I will get them all. So I think we were -- we had primarily maintenance activity in the month of March and really the back half of March as the weather warmed up in the north, which allowed us to get into turnaround mode again, primarily in the central corridor. So we were -- we entered into that. We will have most of our turnaround activity wrapped up by mid-May, and certainly, all of our conversion units will be back online kind of middle of the month. It really positions us well then to run very strong throughout the summer driving season and we won’t come back to any significant turnaround activity until after Labor Day. I think on total activity for the year, we are really looking at -- we have executed our first half plan, and for the most part has gone really according to what we planned. Second half, we continue to look at primarily catalyst type change out turnarounds. And do we have a catalyst life left and we pushed some of those turnarounds into next year. We have got some opportunity there, I think, in the back half of the year to squeak some of those out into next spring or maybe even next fall. So we are constantly trying to re-optimize around all that. The other thing I would say about the Central Corridor results is, we had a pretty good headwind in the Central Corridor with our lagged Canadian crude buying program. So that that was a significant impact on a timing basis to what we saw as the results in the Central Corridor and it all basically lands there for us in our system. So that’s a timing issue. It has a lot to do with how quickly the crude ran up, particularly in the back couple of weeks of the quarter. We will get that back over time as crude prices come off as they seem to always do and then we will see it come back.
Greg Garland: Yeah. I think the focus is going to be on operating well and being in the market and able to take advantage of the margins that are available. I think we have talked about some of the exposures that we have on diesel on heavy sour dips on prem cokes and all of those environments look favorable as we look into the summer months. I think there’s some moving parts. We were hindered this quarter on timing issues in the Gulf Coast on product timing and in the Central Corridor on crude purchasing and timing issues there. So I think those will normalize out and we will see that profitability show up in later periods.
Greg Garland: Well, I would say with Rodeo, we have it funded through our capital program this year and next so we don’t need a partner in that way. Some folks have gotten a partner because they need a commercial expertise. We have a very strong commercial organization. We have been buying used cooking oil for a long time. As you know, we have a deal with a soybean producer. We have soybean, canola oil, distilled corn oil in the Rodeo Unit 250. We met with tallow producers and have leads to buy tallow as well. So we are in a very good position. Our marketing business is building out portfolio, so we can sell the renewable diesel to the end users. So we don’t really need the expertise that others might need and we don’t need the funding.
Greg Garland: So I will take a stab and then Brian can come out. So, I mean, we had the luxury of a diversified portfolio, so we have had the opportunity to be bullish about other parts of our business. And for the most part, I think we are probably right on those calls and you think about -- we started at 2012 with $450 million of EBITDA at Midstream and we are $2.2 billion, $2.3 billion today. So, really kind of the strategy of growing a more highly valued business in terms of multiple some of the parts, et cetera. I would tell you though that as we are coming into this year on the Refining business. We are probably as constructive on Refining. So we have been in a long time. I think that’s a combination of the capacity that we have seen shutdown over the last 24 months. The capacity newbuilds has either been delayed or slowed down that’s coming on where we see global inventories today and where we see global demand. So I think that whole combination together really puts us in what I think is going to be a mid-cycle or a better environment for Refining for the next 12 months, 24 months’ time. And Brian, you can comment on what we are seeing in real time.
Mark Lashier: Thank you, Greg. I am excited to embark on this new role, building on the talents of our team and the strength of our assets as we continue to deliver shareholder value. We remain focused on operating excellence and advancing our strategic initiatives. We are committed to improving our competitive position across our business segments to drive future performance in any market environment. Business transformation efforts were initiated last year and a cross-functional team is focused on opportunities to sustainably optimize our costs and organizational structure across the enterprise. We are targeting a sustainable cost reduction of at least $700 million per year, which equates to about $1 per barrel. We plan to provide regular updates on our efforts over the coming year. In Midstream, we completed the buy-in of Phillips 66 Partners and at the Sweeny Hub, we expect Frac 4 to start up in the third quarter. The total project cost Frac 4 is expected to be approximately $525 million.  CPChem is pursuing a portfolio of high return projects, enhancing its asset base, as well as optimizing its existing operations. CPChem’s total capital budget for 2022 is $1.4 billion, of which $1 billion is for growth projects with an average expected return above 20%. This includes growing its normal alpha olefins business with a second world scale unit to produce 1-hexene, a critical component in high performance polyethylene. CPChem is also expanding its propylene splitting capacity by 1 billion pounds per year with a new unit located at its Cedar Bayou facility. Both projects are expected to start up in 2023. CPChem continues to develop two world-scale petrochemical facilities on the U.S. Gulf Coast and in Ras Laffan, Qatar. A final investment decision for the U.S. Gulf Coast project is expected this year. We continue to progress Rodeo Renewed and expect to complete the final steps of the permitting process this quarter. Completion of the conversion project is expected in early 2024. Rodeo will initially have over 50,000 barrels per day of renewable fuel production capacity. In addition, the conversion will reduce emissions from the facility. The total project cost is anticipated to be approximately $850 million. Our Emerging Energy Group continues to advance opportunities in renewable fuels, batteries, carbon capture and hydrogen. In March, our Humber Refinery made its first delivery of sustainable aviation fuel in the U.K. under a supply agreement with British Airways. Also during the quarter, we entered into an agreement with H2 Energy Europe to form a joint venture to develop up to 250 retail hydrogen refueling stations across Germany, Austria and Denmark by 2026. During the first quarter, we added a 2050 target to reduce Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions intensity by 50% compared with 2019 levels. The new target builds on our 2030 target announced last year. Our targets reflect our commitment to sustainability, while meeting the world’s energy needs today and in the future. Before we review financial results, we would like to recognize our employees’ commitment to operating excellence. We are honored that our Refining and Chemicals businesses were recently recognized for their 2021 safety performance. The AFPM recognized three of our refineries, including Sweeny, Billings and Bayway. The Sweeny Refinery received the Distinguished Safety Award, which is the highest annual award the industry recognizes. In Chemicals, CPChem received two AFPM awards for its sites in Borger and Conroe, Texas. Congratulations to all the people working at these facilities. Well done. Now I will turn the call over to Kevin to review the financial results.
Mark Lashier: We started this initiative last year. We are looking at the entire organization and really it’s more than just the cost reduction. That’s the primary focus. But we want to focus on recurring cost reduction. We want that to be a run rate. So that $700 million number, that’s what we view as kind of the bare minimum that we have line of sight on and we are focused on transforming the organization to ensure that, that cost reduction is sustainable and we have got about 800 people, employees and contractors working on that. We are looking at over 1,000 initiatives. So it’s broad, it’s deep. We are looking at simplifying structures, simplifying ways of working to ensure that, that number is sustainable. So there’s upside to it. I don’t know that we want to quantify any particular upside, but I guarantee you that we are relentlessly pursuing every opportunity across the organization.
Mark Lashier: And probably an advantage also on crude feedstock with light sweet crudes having been traded up in Europe relative to the U.S.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. I think that, Doug, the relative investment case really revolves around a couple of different things. We -- first of all, we want to make sure that we take care of our refineries, that we operate them well. They are going to -- you have referenced the North American golden age. We want to make sure that we are able to be a full participant in that. But then as we generate cash, what do we do with that? I think there’s a number of things we want to do around Refining to position our refineries for the long-term, so to drive them more towards the refinery of the future, maybe producing more petrochemicals. We will continue, as you look for growth opportunities through CPChem, they have got two mega projects teed up, but they have got several midsized projects and then they have got a lot of debottlenecks that build on their advantage. So they have got good, high return opportunities to drive down the refining side of things. And then we continue to look for where we are going to play in emerging energies and we see some real opportunities to leverage our existing assets and to leverage our technologies to create sustainable value in Emerging Energy. So think about it as -- and then there’s Midstream that we have got opportunities in Midstream to both optimize our Midstream asset base,. as well as drive some consolidation there. So we have got that leg as well. So we will continue to drive down those segments, each a little unique, but each delivering value in its own way.
Mark Lashier: I think one thing I would emphasize, Roger, just the amount of volatility that we are seeing on a daily basis with crude trading in a $5 to $10 a barrel range on a daily basis, and products, especially diesel trading in wide range on a daily basis, that average crack you see at the end of the day, there was a lot done across that period of time. And so, I think, when we see this kind of volatility, the indicators are not going to be as accurate as they typically are when volatility is not so high.
Mark Lashier: Roger, this is going to build on what we did around Advantage 66. There were a lot of things done there, a lot of value capture and some things were moved out into the future, some things were captured in a one-off fashion, a lot of digital innovation was introduced, and we are going to leverage those innovations to simplify what we do to drive efficiencies in the organization. So this is additive to that.
Mark Lashier: Well, this -- yeah. It’s building on that. It’s probably getting more into the organization structure as well and how we can capture efficiencies and transform how we drive our business. We are not going to change what we do but how we do it, I think, will become more efficient. So I think it does build on it and is additive to that.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. Thanks, Ryan. I think that your closing comment really touched on it that since the last call, with crude moving up and ethane to a crude advantage becoming enhanced, that’s driven margins wider for CPChem and the entire industry and we are well-positioned to take advantage of ethane both here in the U.S. and in the Middle East. So that’s there and I think that that’s going to persist. You are going to see the ethane extraction value driven to a point to attract more ethane out as more consumption comes online. That consumption is going to provide a headwind in new capacity as we go into seasonally stronger margins. So you kind of see those two things balancing off each other. So we see kind of a status quo in those margins going forward into the next quarter.
Mark Lashier: As far as other opportunities, we are doing things at our Humber Refinery today. The rules are a little different in the U.K. than they are in the U.S., so they can co-process renewable feedstocks through their facility and they are producing sustainable aviation fuel today that they are supplying to British Airways. And so there are British Airways planes flying today using sustainable aviation fuel from Humber. We can also -- if the economics drive it, we can produce sustainable aviation fuel at Rodeo when we have the facility fully on stream and so it’s going to be, what are the economic drivers? We are looking at other opportunities, other technical routes to sustainable aviation fuel. They are still under development. But, ultimately, we think that sustainable aviation fuel has legs. It’s difficult to fly planes with things other than hydrocarbons. And we have had a number of airlines, a number of jet manufacturers approach us helping to look for solutions for their future. So we see both renewable diesel and sustainable aviation fuel as great opportunities.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. I think that in that universe, there’s -- the contractual commitments are a little [Audio Gap] bit fuzzier than you might be used to in other environments. So I don’t know that there’s -- that they are seeing any margin capture do that. CPChem’s margins contracted substantially less than the IHS marker. And I think that, that has to do with product mix more than anything. The high density business that is their primary driver. It came up a little slower than the marker and now it’s coming off slower than the market. And so, it’s really driven by that and perhaps some discipline in how they are managing the business. But I don’t know that there’s a great driver in their contractual position that you can attribute that to.
Mark Lashier: CPChem really is a technically a producer of hydrogen out of the large steam crackers. They have got relationships often that allow them to monetize that. It has to be cleaned up. But -- or some of it is consumed as fuel in the facility. So there probably is an opportunity for CPChem to grow that presence as they grow their cracking capabilities.
Mark Lashier: I will take a shot at the turnaround again. As we talked, we are finishing up the turnaround program that we had for the first half and we have guided towards a total of about $340 million of spend in the first part of this year. During the summer or during gasoline season, right, we are prepared to run hard and so we won’t have any turnarounds again until the fall. We continue to look at all of our turnarounds that are in the back half of the year, catalyst life and can we push those out. We expect to push some of those turnarounds out. We are not ready to update the budget. But I think you can expect that we will spend less money on turnarounds than we originally guided to as we are able to slide some of those out of the back half of 2022 into 2023.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. Thanks guys. It’s a great question. CPChem’s got a long history of executing mega projects and have really never tried to time them to any particular market conditions. They focus on the fundamentals. The long-term growth in ethylene demand, the long-term growth in polyethylene demand, both at a multiple of GDP as we go forward. And so that’s what drives the opportunities. And then we think about that growth, we put those assets where we can access low cost feedstocks. And today and for the foreseeable future, we see that as ethane. That’s why you see us doing something in the U.S. around our U.S. Gulf Coast two project. That’s why you see us looking at another project in Qatar to take advantage of large baseload infrastructure and advantaged feedstocks that we can tap into. And I think that’s what delivers the long-term value, staying focused on those fundamentals and not getting caught up in any short-term dislocations and then having an outstanding ability to take those products into the marketplace and capture value consistently around the planet.
Phil Gresh: Good afternoon, Greg, I also wanted to say congratulations on a fantastic career. You have always been such a balanced spokesman and visionary for the energy sector and you will definitely be missed.
Phil Gresh: If I could follow up, I guess, just around shareholder returns, how do you think about like the pacing? I mean are you ready to move back to the 60-40. You have talked about -- Kevin, I think you have talked about a $12 billion gross debt target. Is that where you are still kind of highballing at this point and how much cash do you want to maintain on a regular basis? Thank you. 
Phil Gresh: Okay. Great. Thank you. A follow-up question on Refining, I guess, interesting comment that most of the money was made in March, it makes sense relative to what peers have said. You do have some higher maintenance, I guess, in the second quarter. As you look at the full year, are you still sticking with the $800 million to $900 million of maintenance, and if you could just elaborate a bit on the central corridor performance where there was a loss in the quarter. Thank you.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. Neil, so the $12 billion gross debt target puts us back to where we were before the pandemic. And while that target is still out there, we feel that we are now -- we are on a pace to where we have taken care of $3 billion of the $4 billion we added. Cash generation is strong. The outlook, at least in the near-term is very optimistic. And so we feel comfortable that we can get back into share repurchases while [Audio Gap] 60-40. And so we are going to be -- we will have some balance between reinvesting in the business through the capital program, which we have said about $2 billion in aggregate for the next couple of years, returning funds to shareholders through the dividend. We are back in share repurchases, but also working on the balance sheet with a continued -- some form of cadence to debt reduction and increased cash as you highlighted. You look over the last year and our quarterly cash balance, I think, has increased every quarter-on-quarter. And while that trend will not necessarily continue forever, we do feel comfortable that having a cash balance that we used to say sort of $1 billion to $1.5 billion sort of minimum cash level, we are probably looking more at a $2 billion to $3 billion level that we feel more comfortable with on an ongoing basis and it’s not that we need that much cash, but they just provide us more flexibility.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. And just, Phil, in terms of the impact of that in the Central Corridor, it’s about a $3 per barrel on the realized margin impact through that crude timing effect.
Kevin Mitchell: Generally, marketing margins are better in the second quarter, just seasonality. The headwind we have typical marketing margins now are the rising prices keep margins. Margins don’t move as quickly as the rising prices in the marketplace. So we will see -- we would expect to do slightly better next quarter but we will see depending on where the prices of products go.
Brian Mandell: Bob, I would just add that in the U.K. where we have our large refinery gas prices have come off quite a bit. Last night settled at $16 an MMBtu versus most of Europe, which is still over $30. But our guesstimate is about $8 to $9 benefit through the U.S. versus the EU, given the price of natural gas here and the price of natural gas in EU currently.
Brian Mandell: Yeah. I would add that, as Jeff said, timing is an issue so prices continue to increase from here. There will be a lag in terms of the amount of money that we can capture, but we will capture that over time. But in terms of the crack margins, we are absolutely in a position to capture those and we do every day.
Brian Mandell: And I would add, we are able to get all the volume out of Unit 250 to the end consumer through our retail and wholesale network in California.
Brian Mandell: Hi, Jason. It’s Brian. So in terms of demand in the U.S., we are seeing everywhere, but on the West Coast, demand back to 2019 levels. On the West Coast, they got out of COVID a little later than the rest of the country and prices have been particularly high, so we have seen a bit of demand trimming. So they are a little bit lower. But we have seen very good demand. On the distillate side, demand over 2019 globally. So we are pretty happy there as well. I think our inventories are really the driver, gasoline inventories, of five-year lows and distillate inventories are the lowest they have been since May of 2008 and PAD1 the lowest it’s been since April of 1996. So with these low inventories, we would expect to see strong demand going forward.
