Greg Garland: Thanks, Kevin. Good morning everyone and thanks for joining us today. We had a strong quarter across all of our business segments. Adjusted earnings were over $1.6 billion or $3.02 per share. This represents a second best earnings quarter since our formation. Our global refining business ran well increasing utilization to 96% and capturing the benefit of strong market cracks. Our U.S. Gulf Coast refineries ran at 100% for the quarter. Refining also had its second best earnings quarter. Marketing earnings increased in the quarter reflecting continued strong gasoline demand. In midstream we are approaching the period were our growth project start to come online. Sweeny Fractionator One is almost complete and should start up by the end of the year. Our Freeport LPP export terminal is 60% complete its contract on budget and we expected to start up in the second half of 2016. The Dakota Access and ETCOP pipeline projects continue to make good progress and remain on schedule. Our master limited partnership Phillips 66 Partners remains an important part of our midstream growth strategy that we believe we will create value for both PSX shareholders and also PSXP unitholders. As we announced this morning our interest in the Bayou Bridge Pipeline project will be acquired by Phillips 66 Partners. Once complete this project is expected to provide consistent fee-based earnings and support of PSXP stated growth objective of a five-year 30% distribution CAGR through 2018. In September we announced our plan to contribute capital to DCP Midstream, provide additional support to the business during the current low commodity price environment. We expect that this cash infusion along with specters asset contribution will allow DCP to bring its credit metrics back in line and to support its growth objectives through the commodity cycle. We anticipate the DCP will be self-funding going forward. In chemicals CPChem offset lower cash chain margins by running at higher utilization rates during the quarter. Development continues on CPChem U.S. Gulf Coast Petrochemicals project, which is now about 60% complete with start a planned in mid-2017, this project remains on track. We had another strong cash flow quarter generating over $1.4 billion in cash from operations. We use $1 billion of that cash flow on capital primarily to support midstream growth and maintain offer and integrity in our refining system. We recently announced our 2016 capital budget of $3.6 billion including $314 million PSX plans to spend our combined capital budget for 2016 will be $3.9 billion. As with this year the majority of growth capital will be spent on developing our major midstream growth projects. In addition, almost $400 million is being allocated capturing high return quick payout opportunities in our refining business. We also continue to return capital to shareholders. During the third quarter we returned nearly $700 million to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchase. In addition, we announced an incremental $2 billion the share repurchase authorization. To date we’ve completed $6 billion of the 9 billion in share repurchases authorized by our board and we’ve increased our dividend a 180% since May 2012. Before I turn the call over to Greg Maxwell to review this quarter’s results, I think it’s appropriate that we pause for just a minute and thank Greg Maxwell for 35 great years. He will be retiring at the end of this year; he’s been a terrific CFO. He’s been a leader; he’s been a mentor to just so many people in our company. He’s been a valuable part of our executive leadership team helping us to stand up a new company flawlessly and importantly to me he’s been a great friend for 35 years. So, Greg thanks for all you’ve done for the company and helping to make this a great place to work and maybe just one more time take us through the numbers.
Greg Garland: I think we are on track, we are on pace. I mean to achieve the one, one you’ve kind of nailed the number that we need to do. We said it’s going to be lumpy and as we go through the period, but on average that’s about what it will be.
Greg Garland: We ran very well so we are up 130,000 barrels a day on the crude side so six point improvement in utilization rate and I think that speaks to the fundamentals on that. And I would say that the product side has been the part that really help the refining complex, so it’s really a view I think for the demand side and the strength of that and then that support staff. I would say gasoline, our view would be - will continue to be strong obviously with some seasonal effects, but literally from our perspective a strengthening market with this kind of price structure on the crude side. Distillate remains weaker, but still able to capture that, so I think the story has been around the market improvement running well and those two combine do that. We’ve also have an investment program to structure improved refining with some of the high return projects with the billings crude, optimization project, increasing the capability of our FCC at Bayway and other kinds of projects like that that will structurally add to our target of another $850. We have $850 million of EBITDA growth through 2018 so it’s a combination of self-help, running well in a good market conditions. So I think that’s our view of how we’ve continue to contribute to our higher structure.
Greg Garland: Well, I think in terms of acquisitions the PSXP level we look at everything that’s out there. I think we feel pretty strongly that our organic profile that we have where we can essentially build something for seven and trade up into a higher value creates more value for both unitholders and for shareholders of PSX. But we saw something out there we thought added value for both PSX and PSXP unitholders then I think we would be one to consider that.
Greg Garland: First of all, we're running max gasoline have been all years I think were about 41% gasoline and 38% distillate. So typically we would run it the other way around 41% distillate. So we’re run in max gasoline today, some of the projects that we have the Tim mentioned that both billings and also Bayway are around yields in improvement and so we are prior makes more gasoline and more distillates out of those projects, but at the margin that’s what we will do we are not going to make just big investments to try to chases at this point in time. Given we think we have better opportunities in midstream in chemicals.
Greg Garland: I think that’s the answer that we would give you clearly you know as we’re delivering the balance sheet interest expenses going to go down. DCP is done a great job in terms of reducing costs you know reducing capital spend there also that I would say you know they're working hard to cover further third of the equity linked and from present of proceeds essentially to fixed fee. And so you kind of roll all that together and it kind of moves there breakeven from say mid-65% range down about where we are today. So I think we feel pretty good about that.
Greg Garland: We don’t like to give guidance quite that far out, I think we are going to be in the $2 billion a year range in midstream through that that period of time. So the things we have in-flight today are pretty clear to see as you start thing about 2018, 2019, 2020 I would say there is probably reshuffling of the project deck and you will see is more NGL more refined products, more crude things right around our existing assets as we sort through where the drill bits going to go, but I mean our view consistently remains by 2017 and 2018 that really sort itself out and we are probably not $50 crude environment but we are probably not $100 but somewhere $60, $70, $80 in that range. And so I think that one sent drilling and we will see a pickup of infrastructure back on that side. I think our base view at this point we have the juice in our portfolio so to speak that’s going to push us through that period of time.
Greg Garland: I will take a stab and Tim can follow-on, there is the question why we said many times and we want to get PSXP to scale. So they can start doing its own organic investments Bayou Bridge was a great opportunity to give PSXP a great organic project and so I think what time you will see us try to grow that ability to do organic products at PSXP, there is no question, we think that makes a lot of sense. We’re still willing to incubate projects at top and take them as it makes sense. Frac is a great example $1 billion plus investment that’s a little big for PSXP today. But in the future we’ll do more and more organic there.
Greg Garland: Yes, I would say next year 2016 we go back to more normal type turnaround. This is 2015 was abnormal for us. We had a lot of turnarounds going on this year. This is the way schedule hit, but yes, more of a historical turnaround year in terms of expense.
Greg Garland: Well, I don’t think our view around portfolio have changed over what we've been saying so you know we always said the Whitegate is probably an asset that we will do something with ultimately. Interesting enough Atlantic basin margins very strong this year and Whitegates has actually been performing quite well in this environment. But longer-term it’s a relatively small refinery and what we think is the challenge market we continue to think of the California has been [indiscernible] just one of those things that you know long-term we think California is a difficult market we think that certainly our assets our average in that marketplace, but it costs us nothing to hold the option there and will continue to do that we are pleased with the performance of those assets, this year in 2015. So you know you think around the portfolio we’ve done most of the heavy work around the refining portfolio at this point time I would say.
Greg Garland: Meanwhile to answer your question is probably about 20 a day of crude that we just couldn’t into the facility to run and that probably translates to about $20 million, $22 million or something in that range. And of course we try to do the work around, but the ultimate solutions for the pipe to get back in service so that we can get the right kind of crude in the Santa Maria, but I think that was the biggest impact that we saw in terms of our West Coast operations.
Greg Garland: Really the Keystone is part of our refining earnings in terms of any excess space we have and the ability to capture additional value from that standpoint so it’s not really the sale of clean products. That’s a crude system that we put into really the refining piece of the business and I did not see anything unusual from our perspective with the Rhine and accept to say that European fuel margins were better than the New York harbor. So to the extent that have an impact that may have been the only place where I’d see the uplift from that.
Greg Garland: Yes, I mean we plan the FID Frac Two in 2016 and of course the LPG export terminals start rolling off and one kind of rolls off this year. Than we were not quite a bit worried, and you’ve got to finish up dapple, at topline we’ve got the value bridge that we are looking at which will be funded at PSXP partners of course now after today, but there's is actually quite a bit of other projects we have around Beaumont in terms of access both crude side and product side that we are working that we’ll hear more about in 2016. Tim if you want to add anything on that.
Greg Garland: I think you’ll see seasonally still be in the first quarter, fourth quarter and maybe to reiterate on deferral. What we found is we’ve got much better catalyst performance this year than what we anticipated, it wouldn’t allow us to run that longer before we need to come down to change out that catalyst and that’s just makes good economic sense, it’s not around reliability or other issues in terms of some of the deferrals that we’ve had from 2015 into 2016.
Greg Garland: Thank you very much for participating in the call today. We do appreciate your interest in the company. You’ll be able to find a transcript of the call posted on our website shortly and if have any additional questions please free to contact Kevin or CW. Thanks again.
Tim Taylor: This is Tim. I think we look chemicals and the utilization rates continue to be fairly good. We don't see excessive inventories at the converter level. And we’re continuing to see good demand in Asia and across the system globally. So I think our view is demand is good. China is particular interest I think largely because of the reported numbers that what we see on both fuels and chemicals tells us that the consumer side of China is doing very well. So our view is supply demand on the basic petrochemical will probably likely continue to tighten. But offset somewhat with the narrow differentials spread between ethane and naphtha, which keeps the cost advantage in the Middle East and the U.S. still there but narrow then it was a year or two ago.
Tim Taylor: Our guidance is still the $ 400 million to $500 million. The frac should start up later this year with the LPG terminal hitting in third and fourth quarter of next year. And these, again our fee-based commitments in large part on both the terminal and the frac that are supported by TNB agreements so it gives us some assurance around that piece. The variable piece really comes in terms of the market capture between the U.S. export price and the international markets on the export that are still open today. And so I think that's the one piece of the - that why we give guidance of the $400 million or $500 million.
Tim Taylor: Yes, I think we agree broadly that yield structure has moved in the MLP space. We kind of reiterate our guidance and standby $1.1billion of EBITDA by 2018 will be at the MLP level, we feel pretty comfortable with the $2.3 billion of EBITDA we gave at your conference earlier this year, Paul as you think about it, but $1.9 billion that is either existing or projects under construction so the additional $400 million half of that probably come from frac, which to - which we’re going to FID 2016, we go really good about that. The balance of that’s going to come from other NGL refined projects that we have in the portfolio. So I’d say first of all we feel good about the $1.1 billion getting into the MLP by 2018. Other thing I think about to is I think high quality MLPs I think of the pairing of PSX and PSXP strong balance sheet, strong portfolio, existing EBITDA can be dropped. We have a great suite of organic projects that we think are really good projects that we’ll bring forward and execute well on. So we think investors will like that story and continue to want to be part of that story going down the road. And then we look at our cost of capital PSXP today is trading 3% let’s say and we look at the returns on the projects we have in the portfolio that’s a very attractive spread enabling us to create substantial shareholder value. So I would say we are watching what’s going on in most P space with interest, but we think we have a strong story that investors going to like.
Tim Taylor: I just think, Evan, that having a sponsored MLP let’s just tackle much bigger, stronger projects that ultimately can be tested for the MLP and as Greg said we plan to continue to do a nice amount of organic growth at PSXP and as that business grows, hopefully we get more of that spending gap at that level which really accretive for the partnership.
Tim Taylor: Okay, thanks. Doug, it’s Tim, really it just reflected our ability to place products in the high valued markets in the Mid Cont. So we were able to capture a significant uplift versus the group three averages that we used as a benchmark.
Tim Taylor: Hey Jeff, it’s Tim. So I’d say that we look at this and say this is a great time for options on crude so the infrastructure projects that we talked about that trade options around our refined network have a great deal of value and obviously we can balance the import versus the inland production and the heavy light. So I just think we are into a period with that optionality is going to be a key value contributor and that’s where some of our mid-stream spending is going as well to really support that drive commercial value. And Value Bridge is a perfect example where we connect the Texas side to Louisiana to offer more crude options with the terminal that can import and export so just a lot of dynamics, but that’s the kind of things that we are going to capture that. On this side I think the light heavy dip is likely to stay to a point where that's an attractive options, we think about it. I think the call on lights in the U.S. refining system like crude has increased and its production falls over that’s going to continue to keep that relatively snug. So I think that this will be volatile as you work in the U.S., as you work through both the import and inland production, but I think it speaks to probably a bit narrower WTI-Brent as that shakes up a clearly a period where I think it’s going to move a lot from a month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter. So that’s kind of thesis that we are seeing and I think if you look at the market there you see that playing out right now.
Tim Taylor: Well, I think again it goes similar to the crude story, we’ve a lot of options on the placement side with our pipeline network and marine options in the U.S. and so we literally try to optimize a net back around each location that we have and so we were able to access some of those higher valued options as we’ve looked around the system to do that. That said I think exports will remain an important dimension to keep high utilization rates in the U.S.
Tim Taylor: Most of that increases - it’s Tim. Most of the increases is really on the marketing side of our business I would call the wholesale side, obviously it’s a phase to our markers to the retail side, so strong demand has really translated into some opportunity to put better margin there. And then in a period when you have falling prices you're able to capture more of that market, because rack prices tend to lag at the stock price. So there is an element as price movements occur that you can go plus, minus on that, but then structurally the stronger demand picture helps that pricing as well.
Tim Taylor: Well, we certainly took that opportunity this last year we put $1.4 billion debt against CPChem. That’s a decision we take between ourselves and our partner in that, but certainly there is more capacity at CPChem if the owners decided that best warranted.
Tim Taylor: I think Phil our view is that we’re still looking at the cost we talked about in those crackers. We are not seeing any kind of extraordinary inflation rate thing, but we are about over 50% complete on that and so we still have some room to go. So our view is it still going to hit about what we expect with over $6 billion investment startup in mid-2017, still like the project. As far as the second cracker goes, we’re still doing development work. So it’s kind of things like site selection, derivatives play, those kind of things continue to advance that. And I could think about it when you look at it today, these were typically six, seven year project cycle. So that would say FID but you still some period out in the future. But overall it would be look push 2020, 2021 at the earliest and we have flexibility in the timing. But we still like North America, as we think about the NGL supply, we still like the North American side is one of those options. But I will also tell you that we continue to look at cracker sites around the world and we plan to continue to try and not try - we plan to continue to growth that business to match the market growth that we are seeing.
Tim Taylor: Yes, so in 2016 we’ll start you know we’ll have the frac that's a fee-based asset with supplies taking care of the output is placed with that one. On the LPG export terminal that starts up at the end of 2016. So we would expect over toward mid 2017 or so that we should hit that run rate EBITDA with the variable being really the commercial risk contribution piece that's got some variability but a large piece of that is fee-based as well. So it’s a 150,000 barrel a day just a reminder, 150,000 barrel a day of LPG export.
Tim Taylor: We don't think that the PSXP’s access to the equity capital markets are going to be impaired. So I think our plan going forward is still kind of half debt, half equity at PSXP to fund it.
Tim Taylor: No, there is just a host of projects has put infrastructure around our network as well that are just much smaller, so there is a large once there that are coming on and then as we continue to go there is a nice steady stream of smaller incremental projects that are good returns that increase both fee based nature in the midstream and then we capture commercial value in our refining and marketing business.
Greg Maxwell: No. There's a reason for us to slowdown. I mean we look at the yields where we’re trading today, we feel very comfortable Doug.
Greg Maxwell: I think there is some great deals that have been done out there by some of our peers. And so for the right opportunity we would never say never, I would reiterate we look at the portfolio investments that we have both in midstream and chemicals. And we still think there's value and preferentially investing in those higher valued higher returning businesses over the refining business. And so we’ll continue to watch that but there is nothing on the horizon today that we look and say we can increment a lot of value for shareholders by doing that in the refining space.
Greg Maxwell: Yes, and we had heavy disk that helped us, yes they were up five bucks, so that was helpful to and ran pretty good.
Greg Maxwell: Okay, this is Greg. As we looked at we initially when we came out of the spend, we said some neighborhood of $2 billion to $3 billion as we continue to work with our capital structure. I think we could probably easily stay within the $1.5 billion range as long as we have access to the commercial paper markets and use our revolvers as the backstops. As we’ve continue to sort of get our feelings after the spend and everything. I would say $1.5 billion is probably a decent number to look at.
