Mark Lashier: Thanks, Jeff. Welcome, everyone, to our fourth quarter earnings call. We delivered a strong quarter and a strong year. In 2023, our total shareholder return was 33% and we increased our quarterly dividend by 8%. Today we’re going to cover a few major items, including the reasons why Philips 66 is an attractive investment opportunity and we’ll highlight the progress we’ve made on our strategic priorities. Next, we’ll discuss our fourth quarter financial results. Then we look forward to your questions. On slide three, we summarize the attributes that make us a differentiated and attracted value proposition. Our diversified and integrated portfolio delivers strong returns on capital employed and a high payout ratio supported by dividend growth. We’re on a path to increase mid-cycle adjusted EBITDA by 40% to $14 billion by 2030. In addition, 75% of this growth will be outside of Refining. We expect this growth and more stable cash flow to support our valuation going forward and contribute to attractive total shareholder returns. Our disciplined approach to capital allocation across our portfolio has contributed to an average return on capital employed of 13% since our formation in 2012, almost double our cost of capital. We’re committed to financial flexibility and our strong investment grade credit rating remains differentiated relative to our peers. We expect to return in excess of 50% of our growing operating cash flow to shareholders. All of these attributes will support a secure, competitive and growing dividend, strong share repurchases, as well as debt reduction at mid-cycle margins. Slide four summarizes our achievements to-date on our strategic priorities. On our last call, we raised our targets and continue to successfully execute our plan to increase mid-cycle adjusted EBITDA and grow shareholder distributions. Since July of 2022, we’ve distributed $8.3 billion through share repurchases and dividends. We’re on track to achieve our $13 billion to $15 billion target by the end of 2024. The execution of our plan to enhance Refining operating performance has resulted in crude utilization rates above the industry average for four consecutive quarters. In fact, we operated at our highest annual rate since 2019. We remain focused on improving performance, increasing market capture and reducing costs to enhance our earnings per barrel. In Midstream, our NGO wellhead to market business continues to exceed our expectations. The team has done a remarkable job of integrating DCP Midstream and captured run rate synergies of $250 million as of year-end and we expect over $400 million of synergies by 2025. Since increasing our ownership of DCP, the Midstream annual run rate for adjusted EBITDA has been $3.6 billion. The stable cash generation from our Midstream business has grown to a level that covers the company’s top capital priorities, funding sustaining capital and the dividend. We’re delivering on business transformation targets and remain laser focused on further reducing our cost structure in 2024. Kevin will be providing more details. In addition, we plan to monetize assets that no longer fit our long-term strategy. These asset dispositions are expected to generate over $3 billion in proceeds that will support our strategic priorities, including returns to shareholders. Timing of these dispositions will be subject to satisfactory market conditions and any necessary regulatory approvals. Our total adjusted EBITDA in 2023 was $12.7 billion, reflecting above mid-cycle margins in Refining and nearly $6 billion contributed by our more stable Midstream and Marketing and Specialties businesses. We’re focused on disciplined capital allocation, only funding attractive, high-return projects across our portfolio. The Rodeo Renewed Project to convert our San Francisco Refinery into one of the world’s largest renewable fuels facilities is expected to generate strong returns. The project’s progressing well and we expect to start up later this quarter. Looking forward, we’re well positioned to achieve our targets by capitalizing on the strengths of our diversified and integrated portfolio. We’ll do this through continued operating and commercial excellence to deliver significant shareholder value through the economic cycles as demonstrated by our total shareholder return of 33% in 2023. Our commitment to a secure, competitive and growing dividend has resulted in a 16% compound annual growth rate since 2012. Before I turn the call over to Kevin to review the financial results, I’d like to thank the Phillips 66 team for their continued dedication to safe and reliable operations. Our employees enable us to execute on our strategic priorities and deliver on our mission to provide energy and improve lives. Kevin, over to you.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. Manav, thanks for your comments. I’m just going to make some high level comments and then turn it over to Tim. But I appreciate you recognizing that we are delivering on the integration. The integration has been a success. The DCP team is fully integrated into Phillips 66 and performing seamlessly, and we’re seeing great, really synergies across the whole value chain that even down at the level of communications, things happening quicker, things -- better decisions being made faster and it’s really been something to behold. As we noted in the comments, we did hit $250 million of synergies captured and we’ve got a line of sight on another or getting that up to $400 million plus. And Tim and his team are hard at work, so I’ll let him give you some more color on that.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. And Matthew, I think this just demonstrates the resilience of CPChem across this down cycle. They’ve done relatively well, been able to run at high rates and compete, and be cash positive and show bottom of the cycle returns that we’re happy with. We’re anxious to see them come out of this cyclical downturn, but they are really, really well positioned for the long-term.
Mark Lashier: Well, I won’t go into a lot of detail on that, Theresa, but what I will tell you is we’re long. We are long on NGLs. But actually, we want to be and that’s by design. We offload to third parties to run some of our product for us, whether to transport or whether to frac. And at some point, I’d like to think over time, as we continue to build scale on the integrated value chain that we’ve got, we’ll bring those volumes in-house. But at this point in time, like I said, we’re long and we are for the foreseeable future on NGLs.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. As far as asset sales go, we said before that everything we have has a value and we understand what that value is and that’s what we’re focused on. If we can capture more value from someone else owning assets, then we’ll do that. But having said that, we are in some active discussions as we speak. There’s a number of processes underway that we can’t comment on, but all I’d say is, leave it there, that we’ll have more comments likely at our first quarter earnings call.
Mark Lashier: Yeah. Particularly in Chicago where the crack is now close to zero, a number of factors have caused that weak gasoline margins. Demand has been poor due to winter weather, which affected production, demand more than production. Refinings have been running strongly there. And then the upper Illinois River was frozen for 10 days, which blocked U.S. Mid-Con or Chicago exports from getting to the U.S. Gulf Coast. So kind of our view there is Chicago refineries are soon going to be in turnaround and there’s a closed arc from the U.S. Gulf Coast up north. We think things will clear up, particularly as winter grade gasoline has moved out of tank and the market switches to summer grade gasoline.
Mark Lashier: I would say, first with Russia, now with the Red Sea, we have been seeing different arbitrage, different places. As you know, Russian barrels are going different places than they used to. But by and large, it’s just increasing freight rates and time. For us, that’s actually helpful because as it does that the European type barrels, the Brent TIs widen out and we buy more barrels at basis WTI, so for us, it’s a benefit. Also, we have a strong and robust bunker fueling business, which also benefits from the higher bunker sales for the longer voyages.
Mark Lashier: Thanks for all your questions. I’m going to wrap up with slide 13 and have some comments about where we’ve been and where we’re headed. You’ll recall back in 2022 at our Investor Day, we set some pretty ambitious goals and those goals were based on shareholder feedback. Then in 2023, we focused on what we control and we delivered on our plans with strong operating and financial results. Those results enable us to deliver the attractive returns to shareholders that you heard about today. Now, in 2024, we’re raising the performance bar once again to enhance our ability to reward shareholders with strong returns now and in the future. For those of you that are invested in Phillips 66, we thank you for your confidence.
Kevin Mitchell: … refinery, we are executing the Rodeo Renewed Project. The facility operated as a crude oil refinery in January and we will shut down crude operations in February, as we are prepared to start up renewable fuels production by the end of the quarter. We anticipate $100 million of decommissioning and start-up costs in the first quarter. We anticipate first quarter, corporate and other costs to come in between $290 million and $310 million. Full year guidance for 2024 is provided on slide 11 of this presentation. Now we will open the line for questions, after which Mark will make closing comments.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. Ryan, it’s Kevin. Let me make some additional comments around that. So a few different drivers to the strong market capture. You’ll recall back in the third quarter, we talked about some inventory hedge impacts that were a negative $100 million to $150 million and that we expected that to reverse in the fourth quarter, and that is in fact what happened. And so you had that benefit, which is a circa close to $300 million swing quarter-over-quarter. We also had improved feedstock, especially in the central corridor on Canadian crude differentials, and obviously, that’s really a market-driven item. In the Gulf Coast, we had benefit from product pricing because of the effect on -- sort of lagged effect on product pricing for barrels going up colonial and so that again is a bit of a market-driven factor. So that item was a bit of a headwind in the third quarter, it was a tailwind in the fourth quarter and what will happen in the first quarter is going to be dependent on where prices end the quarter at. But we also had strong commercial results and this is a result of really being able to take advantage of market opportunities as they present themselves to us. So we were able to capture strong pipeline arbitrage and the commercial optimization around that as we optimized those barrels. So it’s a bit of a combination of there are certain things that you would say were unique to the market dynamics in the quarter, but some of it is a function of strong operations, strong commercial execution by that organization.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. Doug, it’s Kevin. Let me try and fill in the gaps on that one for you. There’s really a couple of items that are probably a bit more significant in terms of the shift from current to what’s 2025 mid-cycle the $14 billion target. So for one, remember, the $14 billion is mid-cycle. The Chemicals business is not at mid-cycle currently and that’s about an incremental $1 billion to get to mid-cycle. And then in a -- on a mid-cycle basis, there’s an increment of about $200 million from the mid-cap projects that they have just put into place, most of which took place -- happened towards the end of last year and so an incremental billion in Chemicals really driven by the overall environment. Rodeo is not reflected in current and that’s a $700 million mid-cycle impact. And so that’s a -- between those two, you’re at getting close to $2 billion of increment that is still to come. There is some additional on the cost side of things and there’s Midstream at -- while we’re close to our mid-cycle on a run rate basis, remember, the $12.7 billion only had our current ownership of DCPs since June of last year. So there’s that incremental step up on it from an adjusted basis on that -- in that respect.  In addition, we talked about the $600 million of additional commercial contribution to the business. We expect to see that materialize over the next two years and we’re also executing on the Refining projects that Rich has talked about in the past. And so those are the items that are going to get us to that $14 billion 2025 mid-cycle level.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. Doug, it’s -- understand the request and why you would want that and we’ll take that under consideration as we think about how we’re going to report the go-forward Rodeo as a renewable fuels facility, because we do want -- we also want to be able to demonstrate that that asset as a renewable fuels facility is generating the kind of financial results that we’ve been talking about and so we’ll take that under consideration in terms of what we show from a recast basis. I think the question on what Rodeo has done in the past, it’s really been a function of the market environment. I mean, it has been challenged over the last few years as what was historically a very strong crude advantage, sort of disappeared with the declining supplies of domestic feedstocks for this facility and having to rely more on imported barrels. But then you’re also, it’s a high cost area as you know, so it’s, although that’s typical, that’s all of California is that way and then you’re into what the market environment looks like. And so what we’ve typically seen in California is when there’s operating upsets and supply is impacted, then you see an increase in margins and the financials look respectable, but there are -- when everything’s running well, it’s more challenged.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. John, you’re right that the working capital tailwind that we expected to see for a variety of reasons didn’t quite materialize the way that we thought they would and that probably impacted us by 2 percentage points to 3 percentage points on the net debt to capital metric. We expect to make some modest progress on a debt reduction in 2024. We have a total of $1.1 billion of maturities in 2024 at the Phillips 66 level. And so that gives us some flexibility in terms of how we manage this. I will say though, that the working capital component is always a little bit of a wild card, because it can swing us to the tune of a couple of billion dollars over the course of a quarter and that has an impact on the stated metrics. So I think what I’d say is that, we still target the 25% to 30% range, but when you step back and look in aggregate terms, we’re very comfortable with where we are, and our capital allocation decisions are going to be made with consideration of all the different priorities that we’ve got out there of which the balance sheet and debt is one of them. So I don’t want to commit to any sort of rash decisions just to target that one particular metric. We want to make sure we make the right overall decisions factoring in all of the different priorities.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. So we -- I mean, we don’t give out that sort of asset-specific level of financial information. What I can say is that the -- when you look at the fourth quarter results and the capture rates, the Rodeo starting to come -- turn operations down, we shut down one of the crude units in the fourth quarter. That did have a detrimental impact to our fourth quarter results versus if we were just carrying on in the traditional normal full crude operations at Rodeo. So it did have an impact. In terms of the $100 million of startup and decommissioning costs in the first quarter, we would not treat those as a special item. They will flow through as GAAP earnings or impact and that will be how we report the results, because they’re not, I mean, it’s normal for what we’re doing. It’s not a unique factor. Now, we can talk about it and you can choose to make your own sort of adjustments around it. But for us, it will just be part of our normal operating results.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. So, I think, the bulk of the rest. So that’s one factor on that. You’ve also got the swing I mentioned on the Gulf Coast product pricing effect. You had a swing there from one quarter to the next. And you also have the benefit in there of our, we talked about our commercial performance during the quarter. That will also show up in that bar. So, all those things get reflected in that part of the representation.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. I mean, it’s a combination of all of those items. So you see benefit on the product side. You see benefit from commercial contribution. You see the benefit from the inventory hedging items that we talked about. So they all combine to make up the bulk of that $7.
Kevin Mitchell: Yeah. Matt, that’s a great question. We had pretty strong deferred tax benefit in 2023 and also 2022, and in both years the primary driver to those were the MLP roll-ups. So in 2022, we had benefit associated with PSXP, and in 2023, with the DCP roll-up. And that end -- in the end, that was a bigger benefit than we were anticipating, which drove some of the movements in that that you saw last year. That benefit drops off significantly as we go into 2024 and it’s a combination of less lower capital spend and so less depreciation to take advantage of, and bonus depreciation is scaling down as well, so we dropped 60% year one bonus in 2024. So we’re anticipating about a $200 million benefit for the year in 2024, so quite a lot lower than what we had in 2023. There is one caveat on this and that there’s a current bill in Congress that if ultimately passed, will extend some of the tax provisions from the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Right now we’re in the process of starting to sunset out, and if that passes, we’ll actually see 100% bonus depreciation backdated to 2023, so you’d get 2023, 2024 and 2025 all at 100%. That would benefit us in 2024 and to the tune of probably an incremental $300 million or so, but that’s contingent on that legislation passing.
Tim Roberts: All right. Thanks, Mark. Yeah. Manav, a couple things. I mean, really, it’s pretty simple. When you put the two -- with the transaction, you put the two businesses together, we had improved volumes, costs were down, we executed well operationally, we executed well commercially and then ultimately what that does is allow you to deliver results and we felt this was more representative of what we’re going to see in this business going forward. It really does highlight the strong earnings and free cash flow generation of the Midstream segment. Now, that doesn’t all happen by accident. It’s been a bit of a slog as we’ve slowly got those folks integrated. We’re almost done with the integration completely. We should be done sometime here early in the second quarter, once we get all the ERP and IT systems all under one versus still running two in parallel. So we expect to see some additional costs come off. But really, it’s just what I call blocking and tackling. We have -- the market hasn’t been overly helpful, so we’ve had to make do with what we can in this environment. And I think, like I said, you operate well and you commercially execute well, you give yourself a chance and I think this is representative of that. So overall, we like the transaction and we like where it’s going and we think it’s getting itself positioned well to go out and compete.
Tim Roberts: Yeah. Hey, Matt. This is Tim. Yeah. A couple things on that from the Chem standpoint. Yeah, we’ve seen actually pretty good stability with regard to polyethylene prices through the fourth quarter. Things were relatively flat from October through December. Then they got a $0.05 increase in January. How much of the $0.05 they actually get, I think, that might be a little bit of a discussion point. But nonetheless, it did highlight that the U.S. is running hard. Demand in the U.S. has been good, albeit steady in Europe, soft in Asia. The feedstock advantage here is really, you’ve got a highly utilized U.S. Gulf Coast kit, namely CPChem and they’re running hard. So you’ve seen some destocking that’s going on as well. So I think that’s helped underpin a little bit of momentum. Now, I don’t think anybody’s declaring victory on this at this point. I think there’s a lot of destocking that still needs to happen throughout the balance of the year. But it does tell you that the market forces are in play and you will see a rebalancing through 2024.
Tim Roberts: Yeah. Jason, that’s a great question. And no, that’s how we would look at it. If I look at 2024, as you kind of think about what we see that IBT looking like, we think that looks somewhere around on average, again, simple average across the four quarters about 675 a quarter. But you’re right, there’s some seasonality that comes into play. Typically, it’s a little stronger in the fourth quarter. Again, you nailed it, propane, butane, all those things kind of come into play. You see a little bit of that still in the first quarter. So, again, first quarter, fourth quarter, a little bit stronger, and then it comes off a little bit. But on average, about 675 is what we’re looking at. Now, that’s at mid-cycle. So, I want to be real clear there. At mid-cycle commodity pricing, that’s the framework we’re operating under. Now, obviously, if you look at first quarter, if there are winter events and things that happen that remember a couple years ago that we had and that’s a different game, too. We’ll have to -- we just deal with that when that occurs. But generally, that’s kind of the framework we’re looking at, again, on an IBT basis.
