Robert A. Iger: Well, I think you have to start with what ESPN offers and its popularity. I mentioned in my comments the popularity and there is certainly recent examples, like the World Series, of live sports, so I feel really good about their programming. I feel good about their continued ability to drive solid advertising. We have a good sense of what their rate structure is in terms of existing deals with distributors, but we have some opportunities and some new deals to improve the rate structure even more. We have taken a more bullish position on the future of ESPN's sub base. We think that while we were candid a year ago on sub losses, we believe that, to some extent, the causes of those losses have abated, notably the migration to smaller packages. But we also believe that new entrance in the marketplace, particularly DMVDs – digital MVPDs, I should say, are going to offer ESPN opportunities that they haven't had before to reach more people, and in particular we think those offerings because of their pricing, the user interface, their mobile-friendly nature, are likely to cause more Millennials to either stay in the multi-channel ecosystem as subscribers or to enter it when they might not have in the past. So we just generally feel bullish about ESPN's future. We are, I'd say, realistic about what we've seen with recent sub trends and again have been, I think, fairly candid about that and we think the long-term prospects for the reason I cited for ESPN are good. The other thing that ESPN has, which we've talked about a lot, is the ability to take product out direct to consumer and that's why we invested in BAM. And we think that gives us a really interesting opportunity to create a new product, it gives us an interesting opportunity to create product that is more user-friendly and, therefore, is likely to gain more consumption, and it gives us an ability to mine data from that user consumption that can approve our advertising prospects and give us the ability to tailor the product in a more customized way for those consumers.
Robert A. Iger: I'll take the first part of that. Christine may want to address a little bit from a financial perspective. But this has opened very successfully, very successfully. And I mentioned two things in my earlier comments; one, just the sheer number of people that have come in, but we also have a fair amount of data already about guest satisfaction. We know that consumers are staying longer, obviously that's the result of them liking it. And the other thing that's really interesting to us is what a national product this has become. We expected that attendance would be primarily from the Shanghai area, at least in the early months and maybe couple of years as word-of-mouth spread across the country, but the fact that 50% of attendance already is from outside of Shanghai tells us that this is a product that's resonating across China. And obviously, given the population base that China represents, that bodes very well for us. So the product is working, people are coming, they're staying longer. We like the trends that we're seeing generally about spending. Our hotel occupancy is extremely high. We didn't get into details there, but I can tell you that it's very, very high off the bat. We've already made a decision about expansion and that's already begun. And so, our outlook for this – and what we even see happening in 2017, is quite positive.
Robert A. Iger: Well, first of all, we believe we still have pricing leverage and that's not just from raising prices on your standard ticket, it's from creating new packages, and we certainly have seen that in the last year, which was designed to do a few things. One, obviously when we put in more demand-oriented pricing, we're able to move some of the attendance away from the peak period and improve the guest satisfaction. But we believe that there are a number of tools we have available to us on the revenue yield management side, to create more revenue out of the attendance that we're getting. We also have other kinds of expansion opportunities, like hotels, for instance, where not only do we have the property but we've seen such high occupancy rates in Orlando and in California that we believe that it would be smart for us to build more hotels out – we have no announcements to make per se, but build more hotels out at both sites and take advantage of what we're seeing there. That clearly is very beneficial to us. And then we've only just begun to mine some of the critical IP that we have created in the last few years, Star Wars being the biggest one. We're building two of the biggest lands we've ever built in Orlando and in California. And we think that – I know you talked about what we've done already, but there's so much more that we can do, and so much more we are doing. And I think usually when we talk about the Studio, we talk about the Studio results as it relates to box office and the bottom-line for that business, but you also have to think about it in terms of how we mine these assets not just in the United States, but globally at our Parks and in Consumer Products. I was in Shanghai last week and it was just thrilling to see the reaction people are having to those franchises. We had 11 franchises of Consumer Products last year that did $1 billion or more in global retail sales. But you really see that resonating when you go to the theme parks. And not just Mickey Mouse and core characters and Pirates and things you'd expect, but the line for characters from Zootopia in Shanghai was significant. So I think there – and we're at a time in that product cycle that the ability to increase profitability from it is really just kicking in.
Robert A. Iger: Well, we've seen some of the numbers from the NFL as well. I actually think that there's kind of a lot of premature speculation there. I'm not – I don't want to make light of it, except I do want to say this is a season, and it happens to be a season that's occurred when postseason baseball was very strong, and clearly the election had some impact, certainly the debates did. So I think it's a little too soon to jump to conclusions. We're being patient about it. We're going to look at the trend lines and see and continue to watch it, but I think it would be – it's far too early for us to suggest that we're concerned. It's still the highest rated sports programming that's out there, and we think we're lucky that we've got it licensed on a long-term basis. Look, it's clear also, the most important thing the NFL can do is to maintain quality. And it just could be that what we're seeing among the contributors is that the match-ups or the strength of certain teams, particularly some of the teams that have done extremely well in the past, is not what it was, and that could just be aberrational. So we'd love to see the ratings higher, but we're not expressing long-term concern about it on a long-term basis.
Robert A. Iger: Well, obviously we're not going to get specific about that. But we think there's some really interesting opportunities, given what's going on from a technological perspective, to both improve our businesses and also improve the consumer experience by selling directly to consumers. I mentioned that earlier. And we're considering and exploring various ways to accomplish this. We think it's something that's important for us to do. I'll go back to BAM. The purchase of BAM was designed just to do just that. Whether there will be more or not, I can't really say. Except to say that we're obviously interested in the opportunity that exist today to have more direct relationship with the consumer for the reasons that I cited.
Robert A. Iger: Yeah, it's not awkward at all. The board has discussed succession at every meeting that the board has had in the last few years, and I don't think there's necessarily a need for the board to provide any more details publicly about the process, except to say the process is ongoing, it's robust, and we're all confident that it's going to result in the board choosing not only the right candidate, but the right candidate on a timely basis.
Robert A. Iger: First of all, by using the term strengthening, I'm not in any way implying that we are weak. It just means that there are opportunities for us to get stronger. Let's use the parks as an example on what we're doing at Imagineering, where there's significant investment in new technology to improve the guest experience. And that, by the way, includes how guests buy access to our parks, the whole online sale or e-commerce experience. As a for instance, we're redoing disneystore.com using basically better technological tools. Another example, BAM clearly was what I was mostly referring to because that is an investment in a technology platform aimed at strengthening our technology capabilities so that we can strengthen our business. On the parks question that you asked, we haven't seen a negative impact at Hong Kong due to Shanghai at all. In fact, there was some uptick initially on Hong Kong attendance when Shanghai opened. And there seems to be an interesting growth in pride locally in Hong Kong in that park. I guess their competitive spirits have somehow or another been stimulated. In terms of what we're seeing in Shanghai attendance-wise and the makeup of the visitor weekday or post-summer, it's really kind of too early to tell. I will say, having been there last week on two weekdays, I was surprised at how many kids were in the park. They were younger kids, but there were many more of them of what we expected. And we are seeing some interesting patterns already with visitation. I cited one just in terms of where we're sourcing visitors geographically. I don't want to get into too many of the others yet because we're only four months in, but the strength of certain days of the week that we didn't expect and some days of the week are slightly less strong than we thought initially. But so far, I can say so good, meaning we really are happy with how this product has launched. Another thing that I haven't really addressed here, but one of the things that we wanted to be incredibly sensitive about and be really good at was the whole notion of entering a new market with this product under, what I'll call, culturally sensitive or culturally correct circumstances, opening something that the people of China actually that resonated with them in terms of their experience, and that has been letter-perfect.
Robert A. Iger: I think it's really too early to speculate about what the changes in Washington are going to mean for our business or for businesses. We have, though, been exhorting Washington both the executive and the legislative branches to take a look at the current tax policy of the United States, particularly the corporate tax rate, and to close more loopholes but lower the corporate tax rate. We are no longer competitive with the rest of the world in that regard and that must be addressed. It's possible that, given what's gone on this week, that that's likely to be addressed sooner rather than later. That's obviously a good thing. It's also a good thing I think for the market and for most businesses that the transition is already off to what appears to be a fairly smooth start, meaning it looks like there's cordiality, which we've not seen in a long time, and there's an attempt by both sides, the incumbent and the President-elect, to approach this in a rational, cordial – I guess, the best way to – effective and polite way. That can only be good for business and for the country. And I think smooth transitions are good. I will say on the smooth transition front, we're going through a smooth transition as well. We've already prepared a bust of President-elect Trump to go into our Hall of the Presidents at Disney World.
Robert A. Iger: And by the way just to add to what Christine said, we had record years in fiscal 2014 and 2015, really strong years, and 2016 had great growth but a little bit more modest than the two years prior, to deliver from operations $13 billion-plus of cash is quite an extraordinary performance.
Robert A. Iger: Omar, on the BAMTech side, the investment that we're thinking about in terms of launching new product is very, very modest. The primary investment is in buying the 33% stake in BAMTech that we're buying initially. We do plan, as I mentioned in my comments, to launch an ESPN branded service in 2017, but we've already licensed enough sports to put onto that service so that the incremental cost from a programming perspective would be de minimis. And the technologies we've talked about already exist to do what we want to do and so you're not looking really at a significant investment to accomplish near-term what we need to accomplish there.
Robert A. Iger: Hulu is, at some point, going to go public with far more details about its product, the user interface, the pricing, and I guess ultimately the programming that it's licensed, although some of it has already come out. So I can't really add much except to say that between what Hulu is doing, what Sling has done, what AT&T Direct is doing, what others are doing that we're already in negotiation with, we believe that you're going to see a number of different packages brought out, meaning different prices, different bundles. In all cases, we believe the user interface and the technology is going to be very contemporary and will be very mobile-friendly. And we think, given the pricing and the nature of the product that is coming out, that the opportunity to either keep Millennials in as subscribers, or to attract them, meaning cause them to subscribe earlier than they may have, is actually very encouraging. And that's one of the reasons why we're more bullish about the future of multi-channel TV than perhaps either the marketplace or others are. It doesn't mean there isn't going to be a shift either away from the giant expanded basic bundle, or away from some of the traditional distributors. But we believe that there will be plenty of other opportunities. The other thing that we have to note, which we've said before is these new entrants in the marketplace are very, very interested in distributing our product. They know the popularity of sports, and in particular ESPN, and they know that it is in their best interest to license that product to launch their service more effectively. We've seen that time after time after time, negotiation after negotiation, and the pricing to us is also good.
Robert A. Iger: We're taking it seriously. It's not something I think we need to deliberate about. I think if the opportunity exists, or if the need exists, or both, we will take advantage of it, meaning we have the technology now through BAMTech to accomplish exactly what we would need to accomplish, and we're probably more likely to be aggressive about it than non-aggressive, but the need doesn't exist at the moment. And we're going to give a lot of these new products that are launching a chance to prove what we believe is the case, and that is they're going to be considered attractive to the marketplace and, therefore, deliver value to us on a timely basis.
Robert A. Iger: Thank you, Kannan. We thought the Nielsen numbers when they were released – we continue to think this, by the way – are an anomaly in terms of what the industry overall is seeing. And further they contradicted what other respected third-party observers and experts had been saying and telling us. So we've exhorted Nielsen to take a very careful look at basically their methodology. They're obviously an important business to us because of the service they provide, particularly on the advertising side, but given the fact that what they provided was an anomaly and given the fact that it contradicted what other observers were seeing, we think it's important that more scrutiny is given to it. In addition to that, Nielsen is currently not measuring digital subs. We've talked to them about the need to do that and they've talked about doing it but we believe given the growth in these digital platforms that needs to happen on a much more timely faster basis than it has been happening. That's basically I think is it in a nutshell.
Robert A. Iger: I think there's an inevitability to us bringing a Disney-branded product out in the United States, but I'm not prepared to discuss timing yet. One of the reasons is that we're still learning about the product in the U.K. We're still considering its pricing, the nature of the product, the user interface, the manner in which it's distributed. And we want to learn as much as we possibly can, which is what that was designed to do before we bring it out in any other market. But we do know that, to those that have used it, it's quite popular. And we think there's an opportunity here, but we're not prepared to say when.
Robert A. Iger: Interesting, we used to own as a company a good piece of Eurosport, and we divested a long time ago. I think to me answer that part of the question first, we think it's better because they were already in the market successfully, and we would be a new entrant with ESPN. And so, this made sense for us. On the first part, we really haven't been vocal about net neutrality. I think it would be safe to say right now, not even sure we have a strong, a big oar in the water, so to speak. And so, we don't really have a public position to take on it. Frankly, it's not something that has even been discussed with me in the very recent past. So I'm caught mildly by surprise by it. But I think one of the reasons it hasn't been discussed is it hasn't been of issue to us.
Christine M. McCarthy: Yeah, Michael, I'd add to that that the first quarter of full operations, which we just concluded, exceeded our expectations. We've got a very established team over there, established in the sense that they've worked in the theme park for a while. They're very nimble and they can adjust to findings that they are encountering along the way, and we're very optimistic that what we gave you for the fiscal 2017 expectation of around a break-even result is certainly something that we're looking forward to.
Christine M. McCarthy: Okay. Doug, on buybacks, as you know, in fiscal 2016 we bought back $7.5 billion of our stock this year. We gave you $7 billion to $8 billion for 2017. And I think you know we have a very balanced approach to addressing return of capital to shareholders. We also considered dividends but that's after we invest in our businesses and look at other growth opportunities. I think you'll also noted in my comments that I called out a record year for cash flow from operations at $13.2 billion. So we have a lot to work with. And once again, we invest in our existing businesses, look for other opportunities, and of course always keep shareholders in mind.
Christine M. McCarthy: Hi, Omar. On Consumer Products, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, we do expect growth for the year in the segment. While I did note a challenging first quarter operating income performance, once again that is going to be primarily due to the difficult comp we have last year to Star Wars and, as you remember, last year we also had the fourth quarter revenue recognized in our first quarter, so it made it even a little more challenging than just a straight quarter. But, year-over-year, we expect there to be growth in that segment. We also – last quarter, I got a question on Frozen comparisons, and I just want to mention it because it still is trickling through in our results. But we did see difficult comps for the phenomenal performance that we had in Frozen, and we saw those in fiscal 2016 in the second, third, and fourth quarter, and we still expect to have difficult comps for Frozen merchandise throughout 2017.
Christine M. McCarthy: Absolutely. Cars is one of those evergreen franchises that has been very successful in Consumer Products, also throughout our – it's also represented in our Parks, as you know, through Cars Land in Anaheim. And also this year we have the movie Spiderman. It's not our movie to release, but our Consumer Products will represent the strength in that franchise as well.
Christine M. McCarthy: So thanks for asking the question on affiliate revenue, and I know my comments were a little laden in some 53rd week information, so thanks for the opportunity to hopefully clarify. So on Cable affiliate revenue, the actual was down 5%, the 53rd week was 8%, for a net of 3%, as you noted. For Media Networks affiliate revenue – and the reason I'm saying this is, the numbers are close but they're flipped. It's down 3%, with the same 8% adjustment, for a 5% growth. Now, as you know, we'll be filing our 10-K in a couple of weeks which will provide the affiliate revenue growth drivers for the full year, but let me give you some context now on Q4 affiliate growth. So the 53rd week was a 7 point drag on the Q4 affiliate revenue growth. Rates were a 6 point benefit to that Q4 affiliate growth. Subs were a 2 point drag in the quarter, which is consistent with what we saw last quarter and consistent with what you'll see in the 10-K as the full year impact of subscriber declines. And also, lastly, foreign exchange was a 1 point drag on that quarterly growth.
Christine M. McCarthy: And, Kannan, on the balance sheet and your comments on leverage, so we ended the year with total leverage about 1.1 times. So, we view – and I said it in my comments, and we said it consistently, we view our balance sheet as a source of strength and great financial flexibility. So that's the way we treat it. There's nothing sacrosanct about it. But we do treat it as a valuable financial flexible tool and we will deal with things as they come along.
Christine M. McCarthy: And on programming expenses, Anthony. Yes, the Cable programming expenses are estimated to be up 8% for the year. We talked about the NBA contract driving $600 million of that increase. The Big Ten, we don't have a deal with currently. So we'd love to be in business with the Big Ten long-term, but we don't have a deal currently to announce.
Christine M. McCarthy: So that $175 million, Jason, is both the year-over-year impact of foreign exchange as well as pension expense.
Christine M. McCarthy: The way you should look at our foreign exchange for fiscal 2017 is that we are fully hedged, so the number that we've given which is a combined number, but if you want to disaggregate it a little bit, and I'm happy to do that. It's a little over $100 million for foreign exchange with the balance being in pension expense.
