Lowell Singer: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Walt Disney Company's Fourth Quarter 2017 Earnings Call. Our press release was issued about 25 minutes ago and is available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast, and a copy of the webcast and a transcript will also be available on our website. Joining me for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Christine McCarthy, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Christine will lead off, followed by Bob and then we'll be happy to take your questions. So with that, let me turn the call over to the Christine to get started.
Lowell Singer: Okay. Bob. Thanks. Everyone, just so you know, we have been having some slight technical issues on the call, I think with our host. So we have switched phones and if for some reason we get disconnected during the call we will dial back in. So with that, we are happy to take the first question.
Lowell Singer: Michael, let me jump in. It's Lowell. I have some bad news and good news. The bad news is, as is our practice we are not going to take any questions on press speculation. But the good news is we'll give you another question.
Lowell Singer: Thank you, Barton. And thanks, everyone for joining us today. Sorry about some of the technical glitches. Note that a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures that were referred to on this call to equivalent GAAP measures can be found on our Investor Relations website. Let me also remind you that certain statements on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the securities laws. We make these statements on the basis of our views and assumptions regarding future events and business performance at the time we make them. And we do not undertake any obligations to update these statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from those the results expressed or implied in light of a variety of factors including factors contained in our annual report on Form 10-K and then our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This concludes the call. Have a good afternoon, everyone.
Robert A. Iger: Well, we think that the world today offers ample opportunity to monetize high quality, call it, in-demand television programming. I think that's been demonstrated by a number of entities out there today. And if you look at consumption, which admittedly is fragmented, it's actually quite significant in terms of people's interest in consuming TV. We've had over the last few years, we've had some disappointments on the ABC side, but we've been focused on turning that around. We're actually very pleased with the performance of The Good Doctor already and we have three dramas in mid-season that we're quite excite excited about as well including a Grey's Anatomy spinoff. So I think as we look at TV, we think yes some improvement would, from a quality perspective, would be helpful. But we also think we've got great opportunities. We also have strong production and creative capabilities both from the ABC production side, but also from the Disney television production side and from Marvel. And I mentioned in my earlier comments that we're in development on the Star Wars live action series as well. So our intention as a company is to take advantage of the opportunities that exist out there today for good television and to produce more of it.
Robert A. Iger: I appreciate the question. I think it's leading the witness a little bit as it relates to the subject that Michael brought up earlier. There's – I don't think that there's ever such a thing as having too much quality or too many strong franchises when it comes to films. We do not feel right now that we have a great need to add to the film slate that we have because as you cited we're doing just fine. It doesn't mean there isn't room for more, we just don't have a significant or urgent need for that. That said, we also as a company demonstrated an ability to leverage success in this area not just in our studio but across various other businesses, particularly Consumer Products and theme parks. And so we're always going be looking to adding to the number of film franchises that we produce and own.
Robert A. Iger: Ben, I won't say too much about the Altice deal. I know you asked about the business overall, but I will say that in that deal, we met or achieved both our pricing and our distribution objectives, which bodes very well for negotiations that we will be having in 2019 and beyond, actually 2018 and beyond rather, Verizon in 2018 and Charter and AT&T Direct beyond that and then Comcast beyond that. We're pleased with where we ended up. We're also pleased with trends that we're seeing on the OTT side where we've seen a nice pick-up in subs in the, basically, the new players in the market. And what we're really heartened by is the fact that some of them are spending a fair amount and have stepped up their marketing efforts aggressively. If you watched the World Series, you probably couldn't have missed the number of spots that were in almost every hour for I guess it was YouTube, new OTT service. That we think is great. It's also interesting that these OTT, the entrants in the OTT business are spending in live sports. They obviously believe that the sports fan is potentially a primary customer of new OTT services, and what we've seen as well is millennials seem to be particularly interested in these services. I think it's a combination of pricing and the user-friendly nature of these services. As we've said call after call, we've had some sub issues that we've been dealing with, but Christine's comment suggested that while we lost some subs in the quarter, the losses were not as deep as they have been in prior quarters. And we're not – we're heartened by that as well. But it is one quarter. The other thing I want to note that's interesting, this ties into your question about the health of the business, is that Nielsen provided us with two weeks of data, which was essentially data about live consumption of sports across multiple platforms, including streaming and these OTT services. And what they told us was that by including that we had a 25% increase in total day ratings and a 29% increase among – in primetime. That was basically, that includes out-of-home viewing as well. So we think that the trends that we're seeing, albeit they're still not lengthy trends, but are at least giving us some reason to feel good about the business. We've always felt we were positioned well in it because of ESPN and Disney and ABC. And on the direct-to-consumer front, as we've said as well, that we're going into that business because we believe that our direct-to-consumer opportunities, given the technology that's out there, are significant and given the fact that we've got these great brands and franchises. And we think that what we're doing can easily be complementary to the multichannel services in the market, both the traditional ones and the new ones. And when you see the apps that we will demonstrate sometime after the first of the year, you'll see that we're coming up – we're developing one app experiences where ESPN's app will enable the highlights and scores that ESPN typically gives, will enable live streaming of the channels on an authenticated basis. And will also add a Plus service, which will enable users to subscribe to for an extra fee to thousands more live sporting events a year.
Robert A. Iger: Jessica, on the first question, we're going launch ESPN service in the spring. That obviously will be advertiser supported. BAMTech, as we said at your conference, and as I said in my remarks earlier, offers us some – far more, I should say, capabilities when it relates to, as it relates to addressable ads live – inserted live on a dynamic basis into live sporting events. And so we feel that that gives us a lot of capability that we haven't had before. Whether that extends, that capability extends to our other businesses in the non-direct to consumer, I'm not sure. We're currently not planning to sell ads on the Disney service, but that's just in development. There may be some interesting possibilities in terms of sponsorships versus inserted ads. But as of now, we're not planning to have the programming that airs in the OTT – sorry, the DTC service interrupted by commercials.
Robert A. Iger: The other thing to add to that is when you look at the results of our international parks, Shanghai, as Christine cited, and the improvements we're seeing in Paris and the restructuring in Paris as well as Hong Kong and even Tokyo, we have ample opportunity to continue to invest and continue to expand those businesses. And with the franchises that we have and their popularity in these markets, the opportunity actually has increased significantly over the last few years.
Robert A. Iger: Sure. Before I do that, because there's been a lot written about whether this is aimed at being a Netflix killer, et cetera, and so on. By the way, they've been a good partner of ours. Our goal here is be a viable player in the direct-to-consumer space, space that we all know is a very, very compelling space to be in. We also believe that our brands and our franchises really matter, as we've seen through Netflix and all other platforms. And so that gives us an opportunity as well. We are working on the cadence that we will produce in sort of scheduled product in this OTT service. We've not determined fully what that will be, although we've laid out on a calendar basis a fair amount of specifics. We're still working to develop original movies and original TV shows and figure out what makes the most sense. Part of it has to do with when they will be available. But I'd say that we're – I don't want to say we're going to walk before we run because we're going to – as I've said earlier, we're going launch this thing pretty aggressively. But I think what you'll see is a ramp-up over time of production spending that will start with a product that we believe is representative of the great brands and franchises that we have between Marvell and Disney and Pixar and Star Wars and then grow from there.
Robert A. Iger: Okay. Todd, so this service will be Disney branded. In other words, it will be Disney named. We haven't determined what the name is yet, but it will be Disney named. The product we have in Europe is called DisneyLife, but we've not decided what this one will be yet. I think you have to think about it like you think about our theme parks, where they are Disney parks, but you go in and you see Marvel and Star Wars and Pixar for instance. So it's a collection – it will be a collection of just those brands. And if one of those series, whether it's from Marvel or Lucas, whatever has standards versus – nothing's going be hard – nothing's going to be our, but there are standards that don't necessarily fit completely with, I'll call it, the G or the G-rated Disney. There will be ample filtering opportunities for people using it, so if you just wanted your kids to see the Disney-only product that can easily be accomplished. We're not ruling out the possibility of licensing product from third parties for it provided the product fits with the Disney brand. As it relates to ABC and Freeform, we're going to continue to produce product for ABC and Freeform and our production capabilities for programming like that, we'll also look to sell product to third parties including Hulu. And it's also possible by the way that ABC productions could end up producing for the Disney-branded service as well. We've actually talked about that a bit. But we're going stick to Disney branded service and it will include Marvel, Pixar and Lucas brands within it, or Star Wars brands.
Robert A. Iger: Steven, we've given a lot of thought to pricing both the ESPN and the Disney-branded service, and I can't get specific with you yet. We haven't actually officially determined it, but we said we will be forthcoming with you on this sometime after the first of the year. I can say that our plan on the Disney side is to price this substantially below where Netflix is. That is in part reflective of the fact that it will have substantially less volume. It'll have a lot of high quality because of the brands and the franchises that will be on it that we've talked about. But it'll simply launch with less volume, and the price will reflect that. It is our goal to attract as many subs as possible as starting out. We think we've got some interesting opportunities there given the affinity to Disney, whether it's with our Disney-branded credit cardholders, our annual pass holders, people who are members of D23, people who own Vacation Club units at Disney, people who visit our parks frequently. There's a gigantic potential Disney customer base out there that we're going to seek to attract with pricing that is commensurate with or that balances the quality of the brands and franchises that are in there, but also takes into account the volume. And that will give us an opportunity to grow in volume and to have the pricing over time reflect the added volume as this product ages.
Robert A. Iger: So we got the two questions, so NFL – the NFL was one, which we're not going to comment on. We've had a long, healthy relationship with the NFL. It's important product to ESPN, both the live games that we have on Monday night and all the shoulder programming that we do, some of it or much of it licensed directly from the NFL. And we're not going to comment on anything related to the future relationship or as it affects our distribution agreements.
Robert A. Iger: Well, I think, first of all, as I said earlier, it just was two weeks. And we like the trend, obviously, we have to give this more time. Frankly, we're not really surprised by it though because we've known for long time that out-of-home viewing of sports is significant. And the more granular or the more unimpeachable data we get on that the better because it just confirms what we all know. We all watch sports, whoever we are, all out of the home. It also confirms that sports on mobile platforms, which often is out of the home, is also growing in popularity. And this picks up a lot of that consumption. And the other thing it includes, it includes live sports viewership on new OTT entrants, on new OTT platforms. And there too, in part because of the interest in those platforms from millennials suggests that sports, live sports is very, very important to those platforms. And I think that's reflected in the fact every one of these services that launched has launched with the rights to distribute ESPN and to all of their customers because they know how vital it is. And as I said earlier, just the fact that these platforms are advertising in live sports suggests they're going after the sports viewer or the sports fan because they think that is high potential for them as a customer. So we feel good about what we're seeing. And while there's obviously been a lot of attention paid to ESPN and subs, et cetera, and so on, we've never lost our bullishness about ESPN. The brand is strong. The quality of their programming is strong. There are always opportunities to improve. We're just launching a new morning program, as a for instance. But we like where ESPN is these days and we believe that one of the best things that we've got going for ESPN is the new technology in the marketplace that's enabling people to watch sports on more user-friendly platforms and wherever they are. And if we can measure that and add to that the technology that we need to monetize advertising in more effective ways, that's a pretty good combination.
Robert A. Iger: Is positive to the company because the investment that we made in it as it grows has been offset by the licensing fees that we've gotten for both our channels, but largely in 2017, because they didn't launch the service until late then the licensing of programming to the standard Hulu service. And it was also an improvement from 2016. So in other words, we had growth to the bottom line in Hulu from 2016 to 2017. Where our continued investment in Hulu is because we're confident in its ability to both grow in terms of its SVOD service, but also to grow as an OTT multichannel operator. And we've seen some nice numbers there. Still just the beginning and we're not going to get specific about what those are, but we got new management in Hulu as well. Randy Freer is now running it, and I know he's certainly bullish about it. And we continue to believe that long term Hulu is a significant – will be a significantly valuable investment for us. We also believe that we can grow our licensing to Hulu, talked earlier about television production, yet another opportunity for us.
Christine M. McCarthy: Alexia, we have not yet finalized what the content spend is going to be and the cadence of it. But as Bob mentioned, we will be providing more information on that as it develops over the next few months.
Christine M. McCarthy: Ben, to answer your question on the 2018 spend, in my comments I mentioned the BAMTech investment that was going to impact Cable operating income by $130 million. That's BAMTech, but on the Disney D2C, we don't expect any significant items to impact spend in 2018.
Christine M. McCarthy: Jessica, on CapEx, you see for this year that we gave the comment that you can expect CapEx for 2018 to be about $1 billion above the 2017 level. And once again, a lot of that spend is going into the completion of the two Star Wars Lands and we're also completing Toy Story Land in Orlando and there's other initiatives that are in process around the globe. We've talked about the longer-term menu and I think at some of the meetings we've had, we've talked about the longer-term plans for our Parks and Resort business and developing out further on attractions and resorts. So I think it's fair to assume that we will continue to make investments in areas in which we see driving long-term value and long-term returns. So I would say this is a business that we feel very confident in and the business is working right now at a very high level and will continue to do so.
Christine M. McCarthy: So, Todd, on your question on Consumer Products specifically related to Cars. Cars is still a very strong franchise for us. So even though Cars 3, the theatrical release of the movie underperformed and the performance of Consumer Products in this calendar year was a little bit lighter than we would have liked it to be, it's still one of our strongest franchises. And when we talk about some of the franchises that are over $1 billion annually, Cars is in there. And just another thing about 2018, for Consumer Products, we feel really, really good about the lineup we have going into this year. We have Star Wars Episode 8: The Last Jedi. We deferred revenue in the fourth quarter into the first quarter like we did with Episode 7 for that. We also have a Han Solo movie coming out named Solo in the spring quarters. And we've got four Marvel movies including Avengers in the spring. We also have Mickey's 90 birthday. You should mark your calendar for this. It's November 18 of 2018. But Mickey's 90th is something that the entire company's going to get behind and that should also be good for our Consumer Products business.
Christine M. McCarthy: Steve, on the buyback, that $6 billion is a number that as I mentioned is the average over the last five years, roughly the average over the last five years. As you saw both in 2017 and 2016, we came in at a higher level than what we originally started out the year at. So if you want to view that as a conservative approach, we are early in the year, and we'll make adjustments as we go through the year based on the business environment. But once again, we have increased the last couple of years from what we originally started out at.
Christine M. McCarthy: So, on the BAMTech valuation adjustment, that was an adjustment to programming rights that were prepaid prior to the acquisition. And we're not going be specific on it, but it does relate just to one rights deal. And we looked at it based on current performance and the duration of the contract and we didn't think we had enough time to recover the payment so the contract was mark-to-market.
