Robert Iger: We are working up a plan to take Hulu internationally. We actually have a lot of specifics around it, but we've decided that the priority needs to be Disney+. We are launching, as I mentioned on the call across multiple territories in Western Europe later in March, and then in India on March 29 and it's going to continue to roll out across the world going into 2021 including Latin America, and we feel that we need to concentrate on those launches in the marketing and the creation of product for those, and then come in with Hulu right after or soon after that. So, we don't have specifics, except we do plan to begin rolling Hulu out, I'd say probably in 2021 internationally that is after the Disney+ launch. On the NFL side, look, it's very early to speculate. I think the ratings for the NFL suggest that, while there's a lot of disruption and there is a fair amount of erosion and you see people basically watching programs from multiple new sources and creating more competition for the traditional linear networks. The live sports has held up really well, led of course by the NFL. So, our interest in the NFL remains very strong and there have been only preliminary discussions and nothing more, and it would be premature for me to give you any more detail.
Robert Iger: Well, first of all, those brands are global brands, each one of them, including Star Wars, which maybe what you're alluding to Ben. They have varying strengths in different markets, Disney is probably the strongest on a consistent basis across the world, but they all have raised brand affinity and brand interest in all of them, which I think is one of the things that is a strong selling point for us into markets. So, I don't really think that, well, we necessarily need to do much adjusting as it relates to the product that has been designed for the U.S. except to make sure, obviously, that the programs are dubbed in the local language properly and are high quality. And secondly, that we have enough local programming, either to meet local quotas or simply to address local cases. One of the interesting things by the way about Star Wars and The Mandalorian, because there has been some things written after The Rise of Skywalker, that the popularity of Star Wars in certain international markets where there's Star Wars and certainly in - and international markets has never caught on. One of the reasons for that is that there isn't a Star Wars legacy in many of these markets, China being a main one, where people didn't grow up on that franchise or that brand. So when they tuned into, or heard about the Skywalker legacy, there was too much that had already gone in the past that was not familiar to them and they didn't really want to get on board late. That's not true with Mandalorian, because Mandalorian is even though it's based on, obviously, certain Star Wars elements, characters in places, you don't have to know anything about the history of Star Wars in terms of an access point or in terms of your interest. So anyway, we feel great about the popularity of our brands. Interesting the Disney brand globally has never been more popular. The other thing I want to say is that the brand studies that we've seen or brand research that we've seen in the United States suggests that interest and affinity in the Disney Brand has actually risen nicely, thanks to Disney+ particularly among young people. I think a lot of that has to do with the relevance of the platform, the technology, the manner of presentation. I think it's a loud statement about what's going on in the world today in terms of consumer tastes, particularly young people, which is why the demographics of Hulu were substantially younger than the demographics on some of our peers in the linear networks, et cetera, et cetera. In India, we're going to launch bundled with Hotstar directly bundled meaning it's Disney+ Hotstar as a product. We're not giving specifics about price at this point, but expect that there'll be two primary products brought into India. One will be more premium in nature that will include the entire library, so with the original programming and the other one will be more basic that will have the library and not the original programming. Priced for the market and launched at a very peak period of time, so the IPL, the Cricket League. And so, we think it's an opportune moment, we take advantage of the presence of Star in the market and the millions of subscribers that they also have, we take advantage of the sports tie-in, and we use the interface and the technology that includes the billing that already exists to launch a service, we believe, under very, very optimal circumstances.
Robert Iger: First of all, regarding Disney+, and the fact that the ARPU by the end of the quarter was $5.56 on a $6.99 subscription suggests that while there were discounts in the market in the packaging that existed enabled consumers to buy in at lower prices. We did extremely well, basically with the Direct-to-Consumer Package, and ARPU that was higher and so the 26.5 million and subscribers came roughly 50% directly through Disneyplus.com, for instance, where not only weren't we revenue sharing with others, but a lot of those subscribers, or many of them may have bought a year-long service or even a three-year, many of them bought basically the month for the full - for the full price. About 20% of those subscribers came from Verizon, and the rest came from the variety of other services, that is stripping the app, and including the iTunes platform. So we were actually very pleased with the diversity of, basically, routes that people took to get to us and extremely pleased with the ARPU. Now also understand that the vast majority came from domestic because we only launched in a couple of territories, Australia, New Zealand, and the Netherlands and Canada with this, and so, these are mostly domestic subs. But, I think it's all very, very positive story in terms of the - the manner in which people bought this and as I said earlier, the ARPU. And the other thing that we noted that was that the bundle with ESPN and with Hulu was very helpful in terms of lowering churn rates. And as I said, in my remarks, both the conversion from free-to-pay, as well as the churn rates were much better than we expected they would be - much better than we had estimated they would be before we launched. And I think, again, that's the result of - that starts with the product and I think the end of - the user interface also got incredibly high marks in terms of the ease of use, the easy navigation, the quality of the product, the value of the brands and the price point which we can't ignore, a very accessible price point, priced purposely because of the brand and our desire to be as accessible as possible on a broad basis. Regarding the studio, look, a $11 billion plus Box Office year from the Disney studio alone is not something we're likely to repeat right away, but as we look ahead, we're extremely pleased with the long-term prospects for our studio and the slate. I could name a number of titles, but this year, for instance, we have to Pixar titles with Onward and Soul in the marketplace. We've got a couple of really strong Disney branded Jungle Cruise and Mulan. We have obviously Marvel with Black Widow, initial at first, and then Eternals at the rest of the - at the end of the year and you can imagine, a lot of development from all of those. On the Star Wars front, were it - as I had mentioned in previous calls, we're taking a bit of a hiatus in terms of theatrical release, we finished the nine-episode Skywalker Saga, and we're developing both television and features. The priority in the next few years is television with The Mandalorian Season 2 coming in October, and then more coming from The Mandalorian thereafter, including the possibility of infusing it with more characters and the possibility of taking those characters in their own direction in terms of series. And then, we have a prequel to Rogue One in an Obi Wan series, also in development. So the priority for Star Wars in the short-term is going to be, I'll call it television for Disney+, and then we will have more to say about development of theatrical soon after that. But 2020 is not going to be the same as 2019 for the studio. But as we still expect a very strong year, and given the franchises and the talent that we both work with, and have working for us, we are confident that the studio is going to continue to be a strong driver of operating income for the company, both on the movie front, but also as a great supplier of product both original and secondary market for Disney+ and for Hulu, by the way.
Robert Iger: I think, John, you touched - when you touched on it related to the U.S. I was actually going to bring up the 60 million to 90 million included obviously two-thirds of that subs that we were going to get from outside the United States, where except for just a few markets we've not even launched yet. So, it's far too early for us after, basically, a quarter and a little bit more under our belt to change our guidance, having not launched in any of the big international markets yet. What we know about those markets, not in any way pour cold water on them, because we know that those brands are strong in the markets, and this product is already working. The interest in streaming, in general, in those markets, isn't as high as it has been in the United States. I'm talking about across the world. So we have probably more of a marketing effort and I'd say, more of a challenge to launch in those markets, not that those markets haven't been already seeded with streaming, we know Netflix has done extremely well Internationally. But we're just beginning there, and I think it's just premature for us to take our guidance up. What we do know, of course, is that we have reached a number in the United States that since you did the math that would suggest that we're at the number that we predicted we would be in year five, just after a very short period of time, and I don't know whether that is a statement about the total available market or the quality of the product or both, or the price. It is just the way I think a number of factors that I've touched upon, and I just - I'll go over them one more time. Those brands are extreme - not only are they high quality, It is a very unique product. I was asked earlier on CNBC about whether I felt threatened by competition, there's obviously more competition coming into the space, But there isn't any competition that is like ours, like our product, because of the investments that we've made in those franchises and the quality of the product that we've made over the years and we're continuing to make. So we're very differentiated, we're extremely well priced. And we created a service tech - from a technical basis and the user interface basis, that is really working. There's an elegance to it and an ease, and we feel great about it. So our - as we look ahead at that guidance, and I can't say that we won't change in at some point, but it's - we don't believe that it would be prudent for us to adjust it at this point, and we have a long way to go.
Robert Iger: We measured - in terms of the - I'll call it engagement, we've measured recency, which is essentially how many people are - used it recently, are active users on a weekly basis, that's extremely high. We measure frequency, which is a number of times people stream per week since launch and we measure engagement, which is basically how many hours people have streamed on a weekly or basis per subscriber, and I don't think we should get into all those details right now, except to say that in all three cases, recency, the percentage of people that it - are weekly active users, very, very high. The same thing is true with frequency the number of average days that they actually use the service, and again this is something that we've seen over both - basically, the first quarter. I think these numbers probably relate to the first quarter and not necessarily since December 28, that's also very high and the engagement, or we were looking at multiple hours a week stream, per subscriber. I can give you that now, that's in the six hours to seven hours a week range, very, very high. Now Christmas was in there, time when a lot of families were off, that may have actually skewed that a little bit high, but again we're seeing consumption, I'll call it across the board, and in sum, it is quite interesting to us. Pixar has done extremely well, as a, for instance, including their shorts, musicals are doing very, very well. Obviously, great interest in some of the big titles that have recently come on the service. Toy Story 4 just came on. I think, Rise of Skywalker later in the year. Lion King came on, Avengers, I mentioned Endgame. It's kind of, I guess, and without, in anyway, sounding like we're bragging, it validates the concept of putting those brands together and collecting library. As we look to the rest of the world, there really isn't anything to cite in terms of encumbrances that would be an issue. We're in relatively good shape there. I'd say that we have some work to do in terms of local product, because there are quotas in certain markets that we have to meet. But the universal appeal of - of this product is - is pretty strong. You do have to factor in that, in some markets, there's lower broadband penetration. And so you don't have the total available - the total available market is not as high as it is in other markets. Netherlands was very high. That's why we decided the launch there. South Korea is very high. But there are other markets, obviously, India being one, that you have lower broadband. But huge opportunities - huge opportunities for us, Internationally, and that's where that Disney name and that family nature of the product, I think, will resonate extremely well.
Robert Iger: And regarding other growth possibilities for the parks, it's really going to be a blend. We continue to invest capital to build out new attractions, new hotels, new restaurants. We've announced many different projects. Obviously, we just opened Rise of the Resistance and that's done extremely well, not just in terms of attendance but per capita spending has been quite high. We have a variety of different Marvel projects underway. The Avengers project in California, and a number of Marvel related things in Florida, including a Guardians of the Galaxy E-ticket attraction. So, we're going to continue to build out against the Company's most popular, or using the most popular franchises. And as I mentioned, build out hotels as well. We just opened one Riviera Resort we're opening one in Florida. We have a Star Wars themed hotel coming, a lot of activity there. We will look for international opportunities as well. They still exist, and obviously, the virus has slowed things down a bit, but we expect that when that passes that we will start looking expansively in other territories. And of course, lastly there is a yield story to tell and that's been exceptional that is a combination of things. But clearly, far more sophisticated, more thoughtful pricing strategy has helped a lot. Taking advantage of peak periods and pricing leverage but also making the parks more accessible in non-peak periods for others at substantially more accessible prices.
Robert Iger: The theatrical window is working for this company and we have no plans to adjust it for our business. Your comment about how those companies are faring on the market, I think, maybe is a reflection of how the other movie companies are positioning their films and their business we're not the only movie company. We are the biggest Box Office, but we're not the only movie company and I suspect that it's not due to us or either a lack of conviction on our part or any suspicion that we might not be - that we might not be telling the truth.
Robert Iger: But we're not - it's working for us, and we have no plans in the foreseeable future to change it that requires.
