Robert A. Iger: The answer would be all of the above. We have a lot of investment activity actually across the globe in that segment. You mentioned Avatar, which opens just in a couple of weeks. We're building two Star Wars Lands, as you know, in Orlando and in Anaheim. We're opening a new hotel in Hong Kong. We opened Iron Man recently. We just announced a $1.4 billion expansion of the Hong Kong Park. We intend with our partner, OLC, to continue to grow our business in Tokyo. And of course, we've talked about what we're doing in Paris, which is all aimed at long-term investment and long-term growth, and then we had a quarter of profitability at Shanghai. I mentioned in my comments that we're just days away from Shanghai hitting 10 million people in attendance, which is nicely ahead of where we thought we would be because the year anniversary is in June. And we are already building to expand there. So we think we've got opportunities to continue to grow that. And of course, we've got two new cruise ships in the works and a number of other plans as it relates to our hotel business. So we think that we've got room on pricing there. It's not just about taking pricing up. It's just about being more strategic at how we price, particularly how we manage demand, and we've taken a number of steps there. We think we can expand length of stay with some – across the globe actually with some of these investments. We have some nice pricing leverage with our hotels. We actually are comping nicely in hotel rates, particularly in Orlando as a for instance, but we have an opportunity to expand. And again, our global footprint continues to grow, particularly when you consider expansion in Hong Kong, in Paris and ultimately in Shanghai. So I think there are a lot of levers here. We also have a business that has been great at managing its costs. They'll go up somewhat this coming quarter with the quarter that we're in because of some of the investments we've talked about, but they've managed their costs to continue to improve margins. And we don't see any reason why that can't continue.
Robert A. Iger: I know that there's been a lot of conversation about it. In fact, I saw the head of AMC on CNBC just earlier talking about it. We're actually not in conversations right now for premium VOD window, because frankly, the way we have structured our Studio business was roughly 10 tent-poles a year and profitability that has continued to grow nicely, we don't really believe that there is a need for us to move that product off of the big screen any faster than we currently are or to do so in a concurrent manner to the big screen experience. The movies we make are perfect for consumption on the big screen and we've also created global phenomenon with our films where the people seem to all want to go see them en masse as witnessed by this past weekend's results from Guardians of the Galaxy. So we're not concerned about it. We're not really engaged in it. It doesn't seem to be anything that we're considering anytime soon. We'll obviously watch developments, but if it makes sense for us to do it, to grow our business, I imagine we'll be open-minded about it, but nothing now. I'm glad you brought up movies, because to the question you asked about our parks, another opportunity that we have to grow that business is by mining the great IP made by our studio. And so just in terms of increasing attendance and doing all the things that we talked about doing, continuing to infuse the parks with more of our IP, Frozen going into Hong Kong, as a for instance, a great example of that, Guardians of the Galaxy, Star Wars, all those things. Clearly, our demand – or the demand for our parks has gone up as people have engaged more with our popular IP.
Robert A. Iger: I'll start with the second part of your question, Michael. ESPN is taking a number of steps on their mobile business, particularly consolidation of their apps and improving engagement, interface with the consumer, customization, personalization and use of video on the apps to grow engagement significantly. The numbers have been tremendous and also, I should add, the watch app which is also really working nicely, and that's going to continue to grow and they've got fairly big plans to do that. I think we all know that in today's world, people are accessing their mobile devices to get sports scores, highlights and varying forms of statistics and information about sports greater than they ever did. It is nothing that we can really do, I think, to slow that down except it's important for us to participate in it and that's what we're doing. That said, John Skipper and the ESPN team have made a number of moves already on the personnel front and will continue to in terms of moving people around and making the best of, basically, the talent that ESPN has. In addition to that, they are looking at some program changes overall in terms of how the networks are programmed, all with an eye toward addressing not only where consumers are today, but improving our non-life sports programming numbers. And we're not sitting on our hands. Actually, there's a lot of engagement about it, but I'd say that the best thing that we can possibly do is to continue doing what we're doing, which is to make that mobile experience great. And we are and our numbers – by the way, they're far above the numbers of any competitors in the space. And so while we've seen a lot of consumption basically migrate from live channels on news and information to mobile devices, we've taken advantage of that and we believe the money will follow. We obviously are engaging with our advertisers in basically forming packages that are combined live – I'm sorry, not live, but channel packages, as well as digital packages, actually ESPN's advertising mostly combined in that regard, and advertising continues to grow on the digital side and we feel bullish about it. And use of video is important, too.
Robert A. Iger: If you'll notice, Michael, you'll notice on the most recent iteration on your phone, if you use ESPN, the presence of that video player is much greater and the opportunity to personalize or customize it where you name the teams or the sports that are your favorites, and more and more, you're more likely to get a highlight of one of those teams or one of those sports in that video player, that's a big deal. And you'll see more of that.
Robert A. Iger: Doug, we don't have plans right now to take ESPN as it is currently distributed on both new and traditional distributors and go direct with it. Will that eventually happen? I think probably, but there is no plans right now to do that. There are complications as it relates to our current relationships with distributors, and frankly, we don't really feel that we've got a great need to do that. However, ESPN has a large array of rights that it can sell, what I'll call, off traditional platform that it can aggregate as a whole or it can sell individually on technology that frankly is working. The streaming capabilities at scale of BAM are extraordinary, and we've seen what's going on with mobile device consumption of video, and there's just a great opportunity to take inventory that ESPN has, take advantage of the technology that's out there and grow a business in the direct-to-consumer space that frankly we have not been in. And we're encouraged with what we've seen already in terms of technology and in terms of some of the entities that have already been out there selling in the direct-to-consumer space, obviously, and believe that we have a lot of opportunity to participate in that business. But currently, we don't have plans to take the channel and just basically make it available direct, but I'm guessing that – and I'm not giving you any timetable at all – but it's not very near, but there is an inevitability to that.
Robert A. Iger: That would be correct. The NBA is the last big one for a while. We've not said anything more about new packages, but there's nothing looming that is anything close to the size of the NBA or the NFL or Major League Baseball.
Robert A. Iger: There were a number of aspects of the BAMTech business that impressed us tremendously. One I mentioned, which is their ability to offer streaming live video at scale. The other was their ad insertion technology. We're extremely impressed with what they've built in terms of advertising revenue generation capabilities, and any business that we've contemplated with them would include a blend of subscription and advertising. In terms of product, it's really premature to suggest what it would be except there seems to be people jumping to conclusion that there would be sort of a one-size-fits-all product that went to the marketplace, and that's not what we're thinking at all. We actually believe that one of the benefits of direct-to-consumer business is to give consumers the opportunity to buy either subscriptions that are shorter in nature or limited in nature or specifically targeted to things that they're interested in, like a given sport or a given team or a given region in a given period of time. So while I think it's possible that there'll be an omnibus sports – multiple sports package offered direct-to-consumer, it's more likely that consumers will have an opportunity to buy the sports they want when they want it as well. So I think it's early to really to be – to get more defined because we haven't announced anything, but we're certainly working with them on bringing a product forward before the end of calendar 2017.
Robert A. Iger: Someone was out there today talking about a $10 bundle that didn't include sports. I don't know how many channels you could fit into a $10 bundle, but I would imagine there wouldn't be any channels that were particularly attractive. Maybe someone will go out with a very low cost set of channels that can't drive the kind of fees that – the more popular ones. So I'm not sure. But I don't see how that's practical in terms of gaining much penetration. In terms of other channels, ESPN programs, it's other channels well. Clearly, the channels that have the most live sports are the ones that have been the most successful in terms of sub fees and ad revenue and ratings. They've launched some – SEC Network would be the best example; they've been quite successful in that regard. We've reduced some of the investment in some of the other channels, but I think it's safe to say that ESPN is going to be out there with a multiple channel – multichannel product for the foreseeable future.
Robert A. Iger: So Anthony, I'm going to try not to be too impertinent, but there's been, I think, more made about our succession than it really deserves, suggesting that there's been trouble on the succession front here, and I will only go back to 2005 when I was chosen from being COO of the company for five years to be the CEO and the successor to Michael Eisner, and I don't want to characterize my tenure over that period of time, but we had a smooth transition. I moved into the role after having studied under Michael for five years. I overlapped with him for six months between the time I was named and the time that he left. And it was – frankly, it was seamless. The board made a decision after deliberating for probably six months to nine months, so I think it was extremely thorough, we considered an internal candidate and a number of outside candidates, and it worked as far as – at least as far as I can tell. I am confident that the board will conduct yet another successful succession process. The decision that was made in terms of my staying longer was, in fact, had a number – there were a number of factors, some that are very personal. I've been in this job for 12 years. It's a job that I have loved from the moment that I got it. I had a few more things that I wanted to accomplish, I can talk about that, but frankly, the number one priority of mine was making sure that we have another successful transition process, and I thought by giving it another year, I increased the possibility of that happening, and increased the possibility, frankly, of more opportunities for the people within this company as well. So that is my number one priority. I'd say that's probably the board's number one priority. We have enough time to not only consider the right candidates, but to make the right decision and to craft a handover of sorts or a transition that should be successful. There are other things that are clearly at the top of my list in terms of priorities, but there are – I think they're pretty obvious. It's continuing to grow the company in the digital direction, it's continuing to grow the company globally, it's continuing to solidify ESPN's future by doing the things that I talked about on this call and probably above all that, which is tied in part to succession, but it goes beyond succession, it's making sure that the leadership of this company across the board continues to be really strong so they can deliver the kind of results that everybody expects of us.
Robert A. Iger: I think as it relates to, I'll say, margins, I think you were asking more about cost savings, is when we look at margin expansion, we're not just looking at cost savings. We start with the fact that we offer a premium experience. And in order to offer the experience that we offer, we operate these parks across the globe at an industry-leading level or an industry-leading way. The quality of service is part of our – the brand proposition of our parks to the world, quite frankly, and that takes a cost structure that needs to be supported. We always look, though, to run it more efficiently. Technology has been our friend in that regard. Some of the steps that we've taken already by deploying technology, whether it's on the sales front, the ticketing front or the overall customer interaction or whether it's on the operations front, have obviously helped. But there are also opportunities on the pricing front. I talked about them earlier. It's not just about raising prices. It's about a strategic approach to pricing that are also designed not only to increase attendance but to improve margins. So we don't look at it just as a savings initiative. We look at it as a combination of revenue generation and cost efficiency, combined obviously with no loss of service – of quality of service, which is imperative for us.
Christine M. McCarthy: So, Doug, it's Christine. Your qualification of the affiliate renewals coming up over the next five years through 2022, that timeframe is about right.
Christine M. McCarthy: Okay. Omar, I'll touch on the Q3 ad sales pacing. So in my comments, I did mention that ad sales are pacing down and this is for ESPN, I think, that you're referring to and that's reflecting the softness that we're seeing in the overall advertising marketplace. We are, however, very pleased with what we're seeing with the NBA. There's strong demand for the NBA inventory, and the rating strength to date is encouraging. The teams that are remaining in the playoffs suggest that the performance in the Conference Finals should be strong. We're also encouraged by live sports. There's a couple of sporting events that did quite well recently. Total audience growth was strong in the recent NFL Draft, and we've also seen some very strong Major League Baseball games and also the Women's NCAA Championship Game that was just recently played. I'd also like to touch on more broadly just what we're seeing in the ad market. We are optimistic as we head into the upfront. And over the past year, we've successfully sold impressions across the ESPN platform, and we're confident that this strategy is going to continue to serve us well, particularly now that Nielsen is measuring all those live impressions as one number. Bob talked in his comments about the reach and growth of our platform, and that's everything from linear, out-of-home, over-the-top, WatchESPN, mobile, digital and we're quite uniquely positioned with this platform to deliver expansive reach to our very desirable audience. So this unique positioning provides us with optimism that we'll have a very successful upfront.
Christine M. McCarthy: Okay. Anthony, turning to Consumer Products, I think you remember that I previously said that full fiscal year 2017 would be driven by our second-half performance in the segment. We still expect strong growth in the second half and it will be driven by two very important IP franchises: Cars and Spider-Man. Both the Cars 3 movie, which releases on June 17, and Spider-Man, which releases on July 7, we're looking very much forward to those releases and we are very optimistic that the two franchises and the merchandise licensing from that will drive a very strong second half performance and our business overall.
Christine M. McCarthy: So on parks, in my comments, I mentioned that in the third quarter, parks expenses actually would be up in the third quarter year-over-year. And we anticipate those costs being up because of underlying growth, as well as the launching of some major new initiatives which are coming online. You've heard them a few times here, Avatar, Guardians of the Galaxy at Disneyland as well as a new hotel in Hong Kong. We also have that first full quarter of Shanghai operations in the third quarter, so that'll also impact our expense growth. And we also – it's worthy of mention that we have an 18-day dry-dock of one of our four cruise ships, the Disney Fantasy. So for the quarter, the expenses will be up for the parks segment.
Christine M. McCarthy: Well – no, I think the best way to think about that is we would carefully consider it. It would be a great problem to have to consider, tax reform, so it's just one of many things that we would consider. But we have been consistent with our buyback year after year, and I would just leave it at that.
