Lowell Singer: Good afternoon and welcome to The Walt Disney Company’s second quarter 2020 earnings call. Our press release was issued about 25 minutes ago and is available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today’s call is also being webcast and the webcast and a transcript will also be available on our website. We hope you are all staying home and we realized that most of you are joining us today from your homes. And given Los Angeles County’s Safer at Home order, we are hosting today’s call remotely. So joining me from their homes are Bob Iger, Disney’s Chairman; Bob Chapek, Disney’s Chief Executive Officer; and Christine McCarthy, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Bob Iger, Bob Chapek and Christine, we will be happy to take some questions. So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob Iger to get started.
Lowell Singer: Thanks, Christine. As we transition to the Q&A, let me note that since we are not physically together this afternoon, I am going to do my best to moderate by directing your questions to the appropriate executive. And with that, operator, we are ready for the first question.
Lowell Singer: Okay, Ben. Thanks. I am going to turn those over to Christine to answer the first and start with the second.
Lowell Singer: Okay. And Bob, do you want to start on the second question around Disney+ and then Christine if you want to add anything, feel free.
Lowell Singer: Okay. So I’ll turn the business model question over to Bob Chapek. And then I think he and Christine can address the cruise question.
Lowell Singer: Okay. Bob Chapek will take the first question about parks and then I will ask Christine to take the Hulu question.
Lowell Singer: Thank you, Jason. I will ask Christine to take both of those questions, so paying on sports rights and dividend.
Lowell Singer: Okay, thanks. Yes. Thank you, John. Thanks for the questions and thanks again everyone for joining us today. Note that a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures that were referred to on this call to equivalent GAAP measures can be found on our Investor Relations website. Also later today, we will post to our IR website a document that includes more information about our treatment of inter-segment content transactions. In our remarks we provided estimates of the performance of certain 21CF assets in periods of the prior year. These estimates are based on an analysis of 21CF records, but are nonetheless unaudited estimates and are not precise measures of historical results before the acquisition. Let me also remind you that certain statements on this call, including financial estimates or statements about our plans, expectations or beliefs may constitute forward-looking statements under the securities laws. We make these statements on the basis of our views and assumptions regarding future events and business performance at the time we make them and we do not undertake any obligations to update these states. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from the results expressed or implied in light of a variety of factors, including factors contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Once again, please stay safe everyone. Thanks for joining us today and this concludes today’s call.
Christine McCarthy: Let me answer the question on parks as best I can. As you know we are dealing with a situation that’s very fluid and things are changing. So, the results that you saw for the second quarter reflect approximately 2ish weeks of our domestic parks being closed, because we closed Disneyland on the 14th and World on the 16. And then you had the Asian parks closed, Shanghai closed fully in January on the 25, Hong Kong closed on the 26, Tokyo, which is a royalty revenue stream that we get, that closed on the 29. So the $1 billion that was attributable to the parks business and products for the quarter just for that second quarter about $1 billion, you could roughly think of it that the two weeks domestic is a little over half. And then you have the Asian – or the international parks and cruise, which are the balance. So when you think about Hong Kong we already had issues that related to their own domestic issues. So we had already telegraphed that there would be some softness in Hong Kong and then this closure of the park just accelerated the losses there. And Shanghai had been doing quite well up until the moment that we are closed. And I am going to ask Bob Chapek if he has any other thoughts that he would like to add to that.
Christine McCarthy: And, Ben, I would just add that we are still launching in new markets. So while we have had a really good start to Disney+ we still think it’s early and we’ll update when it’s appropriate.
Christine McCarthy: Sure. Jessica we don’t break down our individual businesses within the segment, but – so for the percent of revenue and operating income, given the size of our global parks business that includes the cruise business and now it includes consumer products. It’s a relatively small percentage of operating income and revenue. But that being said and this just builds on some of the things Bob said, this is a business that is one of our highest rated businesses in terms of guest satisfaction and it also has a very high intent to repeat the experience. So a lot of people who go on one tend to go back for multiple cruises. So – and it’s also a business when we look at it from an ROI perspective, ROIC perspective, it’s a very nice returning business creating value long term for shareholders.
Christine McCarthy: On the furloughed employees, so the impact that we saw on our parks full segment for Q2 included fully paying everybody. We continued to do that until early April when we did furlough companywide over 100,000 employees. But most of those employees were in the park segment by just the sheer numbers. So while they are furloughed, we are still paying their portion of their medical benefits. So they’re not out of pocket or any of their benefits. We thought that was very, very important to do. And when we think about our costs too for the parks, we think about it as three levels. There is the fixed component, which is depreciation, taxes, property taxes and insurance. The big chunk of that depreciation is a non-cash item. The other two, obviously are cash items. Then you have the variable costs and those are cost of goods sold and that’s where you do have significant flexibility pretty early on the time curve. And then there is another chunk of costs where we would put in labor and that is what we call semi-fixed and they are fixed in the short term, just looking at how long it took to do what we had to do to furlough employees, once again we are not – we wouldn’t have done it until we had more information that indicated that the parks will be closed for not just a couple of weeks, but we’re now into months. And it also include – then we have more variable costs in that semi-fixed. And that includes the labor, also SG&A. So we’ve been taking measures there to eliminate whatever costs we can and other operating expenses. So the furloughed employees will benefit Q3, but we’ve also done things in the SG&A area that we believe are appropriate given the current state of being closed.
Christine McCarthy: And on the Hulu ARPU, Steve, I think you’re really looking at the live TV ARPU. That was up 29% year-over-year and that was because we took a price increase in the quarter and that’s reflected in that 29% increase. It’s roughly $15 per sub. On the SVOD product, it actually declined a little bit year-over-year. But the one thing I would mention there is, there is some seasonality to advertising on Hulu and coming out of the holiday period which is our first quarter that’s what is reflected in the SVOD number.
Christine McCarthy: Hi, Jason. And I am impressed that you are already into the 10-Q. On cash payments paying to the leagues, we are not going to get into discussing the specifics of our various agreements. But what I can tell you is that we are working very, very closely with the leagues and the conference partners and we are looking forward to the return of live events. And we are just – are in active discussions with them now. So I will just leave it at that. And on the dividend, really these are always very, very tough decisions. But we made a decision for this quarter. We don’t have a crystal ball that allows us to see into the future for how long this disruption is going to keep our businesses closed partially or fully. So we will address the dividend again in the next 6 months.
Christine McCarthy: Hi, John. And to answer your question on ad revenue, obviously this whole COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant impact on our ad sales. I think that’s fair to say for anyone in the advertising business on one side or the other. And it’s really due – for us, due to the lack of live sporting events and the pullback from advertisers in categories that are most impacted. So we have seen declines in demand from industries like movie studios, restaurants, travel, tourism, retail, domestic auto, those are all the things that have – we are seeing pullbacks in. But on the other hand, we’ve seen some advertisers opportunistically increasing their spend and some of those industry groups are things like financial services, tech, telecom, the DTC or streaming services and also consumer packaged goods. When you net out all of that, the net impact is what we are expecting as a significant decline in ad sales. And we will see it more at ESPN because of the lack of live sporting events than we will at the broadcast network.
Christine McCarthy: Hi, John. And on your question about the order of magnitude of sports versus non-sports for ad sales declines, as you may remember we combined our ad sales into one unit back in 2018 and we are now – we have one group who sells across the Media Networks segment. So, we haven’t really – and we don’t really intend to break out sports versus non-sports. However, it is fair to say that sports, i.e., ESPN is being more significantly impacted and that is you can do the math around that with your expectations, but there’s definitely more ad sales decline year-over-year hitting ESPN.
Bob Chapek: No, it’s just that we were doing everything we can to mitigate the impact of the cash burn while we are obviously in this situation and we are trying to be as responsible as possible, both short term in terms of operating expenses and labor but also longer term in terms of how we allocate capital.
Bob Chapek: Sure. We are obviously thrilled with the progress of Disney+ and how we’ve been able to increase the base there. We’re not really prepared to update our guidance and certainly wouldn’t give any projections in terms of when we would reach profitability. But we know that in terms of the actual investment in Disney+ that new programming, hit new programming like the Mandalorian certainly drives that business. And so I think we’ll continue to make the planned investments into Disney+ as we always have with new and exciting programming to drive those subscription rates and retention.
Bob Chapek: Alright. Hello, Alexia in terms of how we look at our park reopening and what hurdle we need to make to have it make sense, we actually look at it as a positive net contribution to overhead and profit. Another word, it’s not about break-even point for profitability necessarily, but just making a positive contribution at the net contribution level. So what we are thinking is that while every site is completely different, that’s the approach that we’re going to take. And frankly we would not reopen any park unless we can make at least a positive contribution to that overhead and operating profit level. In terms of the second question in terms of the studio and what type of audiences will Mulan see it when it opens up? We’re going to get a pretty good idea of that because there is a competitive movie that opens up one week before our film does. And at that point we’re hoping that there is some return to semblance of normal, in terms of number of screens that are opening in a number of showtimes for those movies. So our fingers are crossed. Obviously, that’s our first big move of the gate. But again between some balance of limited number of seats in theaters as social distancing practiced by the exhibitors combined with what’s got to be an incredible pent-up demand. I think, we will shortly find out and maybe we’ll find out the week before was a competitive movie.
Bob Chapek: Yes. So we very much believe in the value of the theatrical experience overall to launch blockbuster movies. As you know, we had 7 $1 billion films in calendar year ‘19. But we also realize that either because of changing and evolving consumer dynamics or because of certain situations like COVID, we may have to make some changes to that overall strategy just because theaters aren’t open or aren’t open to the extent that anybody needs to be financially viable. So we’re going to evaluate each one of our movies on a case-by-case situation as we are doing right now during this coronavirus situation. I think you know that Artemis Fowl is moving over to Disney+ given the demographics of appeal of that film, which was not originally the plan. And – but all our other Temple movies have been rescheduled theatrically for later in the year. So we very much believe in the power of that launch platform for our big movies.
Bob Chapek: Yes, in terms of Shanghai it’s going to be masks for guests and employees. The only characters that will not wear masks are the face characters and they’ll be at a distance from crowds.
Bob Chapek: Okay. In terms of the future rides and the business models, we think that live sports remain incredibly valuable to us and we continue to have an interest in live sports rights given the unique slate of assets that we own with ESPN, ESPN+ and ABC. And we’re going to do that, though, as we always have done in a very disciplined manner. Existing consumer trends play a real big part on how we think about the value of sports rights as they make the transition from linear over to digital. And I think it really – it’s a bit premature to give any specific details on what the strategy is other than we’re obviously highly interested in those and we think we want to make the evolution along with the consumer as they go from linear to digital. In terms of the CapEx question, obviously we had a lot of really big plans in the parks and we still continue to have big plans. Those good ideas before COVID are going to be really good ideas after. And as Christine said in her opening remarks, there are certain trimmings that we’re doing here and there to be responsible from a financial standpoint, but we have such great intellectual property and our Imagineers over at our theme over at our theme parks where the majority of our capital goes have done such a tremendous job of planning out future experiences for our guests that we’re just going to go ahead and take a slightly finer-tooth comb, if you will, through those expenditures but essentially plan on investing behind those businesses like we always have. And in terms of the cruise ship business, we agree that that will probably be the last of our travel oriented businesses to come back online. Interestingly enough long term all of our data and our research shows that our guests will be just as interested in cruising with us long term. Obviously not in the next few months but much more resilient than any of the competitive businesses because of that love for Disney and assurance that they feel, that they trust our business to act in a responsible way to help to the extent possible protect them against some of the woes that have plagued the industry since COVID has hit.
Bob Chapek: Yes, in terms of the signals we look for park opening, our hypothesis is because of pent-up demand that if we open up at something less than 50% of our standard capacity that we’re probably not going to have trouble filling that. So whatever level we save that at , whether it’s 10%, 25% or 50% of typical crowds, that’s what we’ll be able to have at our park. Therefore we will staff accordingly to that type of level, whatever that level will be eventually. In terms of optimization and sort of how we’ll approach that, obviously labor is a huge component of our cost base and so that will slide with the attendance. And that’s why I said when we’re looking at the decisions for what that level would be inside the parks and what we’re going to be targeting for, it’s really looked at as a contribution to net contribution and profit as opposed to saying that we’re going to sort of cover the entire or not. Therefore, that gives us the ability to make our decisions on a variable basis and keep as much of that cost structure variable as possible. Obviously, we’ll practice a yield strategy overall just like we always have.
Bob Chapek: Okay. In terms of sort of contingency plans going forward, one of the ways that we are going to deal with this situation in Shanghai and that’s no promise that we will deal with that the same way domestically, but is through dated tickets, so that you don’t have a whole bunch of people showing up at your gates and then finding out that we have reached our limit by 9:00 a.m. and then they go back disappointed. So we are very conscious of that particular oversubscription, if you will, relative to demand that we are going to have. And so we will handle that through either dated ticketing or something very similar.
Bob Chapek: Sure. You got it. In terms of Shanghai Disney Resort, our capacity tends to be 80,000 a day. The government is putting a limit on that. Roughly they want us to be at about 30% of that. So it’s 24,000 a day. We’re going to actually open up far below that just to have our training wheels on with our new procedures and processes to make sure we don’t have any lines backing up either as guests entering into the park or as they wade through the park. So we’re going to approach that very, very slowly. But after a few weeks we will actually be up to what the government’s guideline is and at that point there could be some lifting of even those restrictions of the 30%. So those are the metrics there. In terms of U.S. park attendees, it really depends on which part you’re talking about. Obviously, the Anaheim Park has much more of a drive-in market and lot less folks that stay overnight a lot less guests that stay overnight where Orlando has a big predominance of folks that actually – families that actually fly in to go visit there, but we have a fairly robust annual pass program at both parks and a big drive-in market as well, but it’s significantly different in terms of the overnight guests and those that might fly in Orlando.
Bob Chapek: I think if our executives over at ESPN and ABC have shown anything over the last two months it’s the fact that they can be nimble and be very creative at being nimble. So in terms of being able to toggle between one outlet and another whether it’s between ABC to ESPN or ESPN to ABC or ESPN to ESPN+, as you know we’ve made quite a number of changes given the changes in the environment. And I suspect that we would be able to do that same toggling going forward into the future, depending on what happens in terms of what sports come back, how they come back and look at everything essentially through the lens of our guests and our consumers and how they want to enjoy and how they can enjoy. I also point out to the fact that the NFL Draft was such an unbelievable success for us and that is a perfect example of being nimble. We had over three nights, over 15 million households which is obviously a huge increase and I think that speaks volumes to the fact that our cast and our executives over those networks do a phenomenal job of being able to adjust on the play.
