Alexia Quadrani: Good afternoon. It’s my pleasure to welcome everybody to the Walt Disney Company’s second quarter 2023 earnings call. Our press release was issued about 25 minutes ago and is available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today’s call is being webcast and a replay and a transcript will also be made available on our website. Joining me for today’s call are Bob Iger, Disney’s Chief Executive Officer; and Christine McCarthy, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Bob and Christine, we will be happy to take some of your questions. So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob to get started.
Alexia Quadrani: Thanks, Christine. As we transition to Q&A, we ask you to please try to limit yourselves to one question in order to help us get as many answers as possible today. And with that, operator, we're ready for the first question.
Alexia Quadrani: Okay, thanks for the question. I want to thank everyone for joining us today. Note that a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures that were referred to on the fiscal to equivalent GAAP measures can sound on investor relations website. Let me also remind you that certain statements on this call including financial estimates are statements that are planned, guidance, or expectations, or other statements that are not historical nature may constitute forward-looking statements on the security laws. We make these statements on the basis of our views and assumptions regarding future events and business performance at the time we make them, we do not undertake any obligations to update these statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risk and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from the results expressed or implied in light of a variety of factors including economic or industry conditions and execution risks, including in-connection with our organizational structure and operating changes, cost savings and DTC business plans relating to content, subscriber, and revenue growth and profitability. For more information about the key risk factors please refer to our investor relations website, the press release issue today, and the risk and uncertainties described in our form 10-K, Form10-Q and other findings for the Security and Exchange Commission. We want to thank you for joining us today and we wish everyone a good rest of the day.
Robert Iger: Thanks, Ben. On the first question regarding price increases, first, we were pleasantly surprised that the loss of subs due to what was a substantial increase in pricing for the non-ad supported Disney+ product was de minimis. It was some loss, but it was relatively small. That leads us to believe that we, in fact, have pricing elasticity. With that in mind, I think one of the things that we not only have discovered, but that we believe we have to do, is that we've got to widen the delta between the ad-free service and the non-ad supported service. Because we clearly would like to drive more subs to the ad-supported service, which we did in the quarter, by the way, the obvious reason, because of the ARPU potential of the ad service Disney+. And in fact, as we look to this up front and after careful and considerable discussion with our sales team, led by Rita Farrow, we see that there's going to be a substantial growth in digital advertising in this up front, I mean, quite substantial. Suggesting, for the obvious reason, because digital advertising is so attractive to advertisers, that there's an opportunity for us to really lean into ad-supported. And again, raising our prices on the ad-free, keeping the prices on the ad-supported relatively modest, maybe perhaps no increases, increasing the delta, driving more subs in a higher ARPU direction. So we're heartened by it, and we are optimistic. And that is one of the strategies that we believe will help lead us ultimately to profitability and growth, along with the second thing that you mentioned, which is the cost rationalization. And I'll tag team with Christine on this. Clearly, we, as she mentioned, we're on a path to meeting or exceeding $5.5 billion in growth, sorry, in cost reductions that we mentioned last quarter. That comes in two categories, content spend and SG&A. I'm going to let Christine handle the SG&A. But on the content spend, we said at the time, most of that will come starting in 2024 and into 2025, because we were committed to so much content already in 2023. I'll let Christine handle the timing of the SG&A reductions and what potential impact that would have. Clearly, again, the price increases, the pushing more viewers, sorry, more subscribers to the ad-supported, and the cost containment are among the things we are doing to get to profitability.
Robert Iger: And one more thing to add to that, Ben. We launched Disney+ in many, many markets around the world, including many very low ARPU markets. And not only did we launch in those markets, but we spent a lot of money on marketing in those markets, and we spent money on local content. So, as we rationalize this business and we head in the direction of profitability, clearly, we're looking at opportunities to reduce expenses in those markets where the revenue potential just isn't there.
Robert Iger: Regarding Florida, I got a few things I want to say about that, Phil. First of all, I think the case that we filed last month made our position in the facts very clear, and that's really that this is about one thing and one thing only, and that's retaliating against us for taking a position about pending legislation. And we believe that in us taking that position, we are merely exercising our right to free speech. Also, this is not about special privileges or a level playing field or Disney in any way using its leverage around the state of Florida. But since there's been a lot said about special districts and the arrangement that we had, I want to set the record straight on that, too. There are about 2,000 special districts in Florida, and most were established to foster investment and development, where we were one of them. It basically made it easier for us and others, by the way, to do business in Florida, and we built a business that employs, as we've said before, over 75,000 people and attracts tens of millions of people to the state. So while it's easy to say that the Reedy Creek Special District that was established for us over 50 years ago benefited us, it's misleading to not also consider how much Disney benefited the state of Florida. And we're also, we're not the only company operating a special district. I mentioned 2000, the Daytona Speedway has one, so do the Villages, which is a prominent retirement community, and there are countless others. So the goal here is leveling the playing, if the goal is leveling the playing field, then a uniform application of the law or government oversight of special districts needs to occur or be applied to all special districts. There's also a false narrative that we've been fighting to protect tax breaks as part of this, but in fact, we're the largest taxpayer in central Florida, paying over 1.1 billion in state and local taxes last year alone, and we pay more taxes, specifically more real estate taxes, as a result of that special district. And we all know there was no concerted effort to do anything to dismantle what was once called Reedy Creek Special District until we spoke out on the legislation. So this is plainly a matter of retaliation while the rest of the Florida special districts continue operating basically as they were. And I think it's also important for us to say our primary goal has always been to be able to continue to do exactly what we've been doing there, which is investing in Florida. We're proud of the tourism industry that we created, and we want to continue delivering the best possible experience for guests going forward. We never wanted, and we certainly never expected, to be in the position of having to defend our business interests in federal court, particularly having such a terrific relationship with the state, as we've had for more than 50 years. And as I mentioned on our shareholder call, we have a huge opportunity to continue to invest in Florida. I noted that our plans were to invest $17 billion over the next ten years, which is what the state should want us to do. We operate responsibly, we pay our fair share of taxes, we employ thousands of people, and by the way, we pay them above the minimum wage, substantially above the minimum wage dictated by the state of Florida. And we also provide them with great benefits and free education. So I'm going to finish what is obviously kind of a long answer by asking one question. Does the state want us to invest more, employ more people, and pay more taxes, or not? Thanks.
Robert Iger: Michael, when we launch this service, let me remind everyone, it was only three and a half years ago, so we're still a startup in many ways. The goal was, as you know, global subs, and we wanted to flood the so-called digital shelves with as much content as possible. To achieve, obviously, as much sub growth as possible. And now, as we grow the business in terms of the global footprint, we realize that we made a lot of content that is not necessarily driving sub growth, and we're getting much more surgical about what it is we make. So, as we look to reduce content spend, we're looking to reduce it in a way that should not have any impact at all on subs. We believe that there's an opportunity for us to focus more on real sub drivers. And one interesting example and I should also throw marketing in, too, where when you make a lot of content, everything needs to be marketed. You're spending a lot of money marketing things that are not going to have an impact on the bottom line, except negatively, due to the marketing costs. One thing we also know is that our films, those that are released theatrically, big tentpole movies in particular, are great sub drivers. But we were spreading our marketing costs so thin that we were not allocating enough money to even market them when they came on the service, as witnessed by the ones that are coming up, including Avatar, Little Mermaid, Guardians of the Galaxy, Indiana Jones, Elemental, etcetera, where we actually believe we have an opportunity to lean into those more, put the right marketing dollars against it, allocate more from basically away from programming that was not driving any subs at all. So, I guess this is part of the maturation process. As we grow into a business that we had never been in, we're learning a lot more about it. Specifically, we're learning a lot more about how our content behaves on the service, and what it is consumers want.
Robert Iger: I'll address the ESPN first. We haven't really changed our position regarding basically migrating ESPN's flagship service as a direct-to-consumer or streaming platform. We think there's an inevitability to that, but it's a huge decision for us to make, and we know that we've got to get it right, both in terms of pricing and timing. Obviously, that has not only a direct impact on the linear channels, but it will have an even greater impact on it if we were to do that. What we see going on in linear networks, as you know, I'm not saying anything that you don't know, is we're seeing both sub-declines and advertising weakness. And it's created worrisome circumstance for us, because it's obviously having such a negative impact on the economics of that business, and that's forcing us to take a look at the cost structure of those channels, which ultimately comes down, probably more than anything, to spending on programming. The decline in the business is, by the way, something that we predicted starting in 2015-16, which is why we got into the streaming business to begin with, but the declines that we're seeing put even more pressure on us to turn that streaming business into a profitable growth business for us, and that's why all of the steps that we're taking, both in terms of the organizational structure, the cost reductions, the marketing changes, the changes in how we program, the lean into advertising, we've also, by the way, Jessica, we've invested a fair amount in the technology needed to serve advertisers digitally much more effectively with automated sales functionality and delivering in a very, very granular way exactly what advertisers want. So we're very bullish about leaning into digital advertising. We're bullish about how we're positioned there. We're bullish about Disney+ and Hulu and that combination, by the way. We think that by making Hulu available as a one-app experience will increase our engagement and increase our opportunity in terms of serving digital ads and growing our advertising business. So all things are kind of connected, ESPN to the long-term health of the bundle, the growth and the need to grow streaming as a reaction to the deterioration of linear businesses and, of course, all the steps that we've been taking to get to profitability.
Robert Iger: Kannan, as you know, we have a contractual arrangement with Comcast that will enable them to put their share of Hulu back to us in early 2024. Starting in early 2024, there's a, I guess, further right that we have to call their share from them. And it's not really been fully determined what will happen in that regard, except that as we look more and more at the growth or the future of our streaming business, and I mentioned at the first earnings call that I did after I came back that everything was on the table. And, in fact, everything was on the table. But I've now had another three months to really study this carefully and figure out what is the best path for us to grow this business. And it's clear that a combination of the content that is on Disney+ with general entertainment is a very positive, is a very strong combination. From a subscriber perspective, from a subscriber acquisition, subscriber retention perspective, and also from an advertiser's perspective. So where we are headed is for one experience that would have general entertainment and Disney+ content together for the reasons that I just described. How that ultimately unfolds is to some extent in the hands of Comcast and in the hands of basically a conversation or a negotiation that we have with them. I don't want to be in any way predictive in terms of when or how that ends up. I can say we've had some conversations with them already. They've been cordial and they're aimed at being constructive. But I can't tell you and I can't really say where they end up, only to say that there seems to be real value in having general entertainment combined with Disney+. And if ultimately Hulu is that solution, we're bullish about that.
Robert Iger: Not to get cheeky, Michael, I'm looking forward to a time where maybe AI does earnings calls for me. You probably wouldn't know the difference, perhaps. Maybe they'd be better. I don't know.
Robert Iger: It's pretty clear that AI developments represent some pretty interesting opportunities for us and some substantial benefits. In fact, we're already starting to use AI to create some efficiencies and ultimately to better serve consumers. Getting closer to the customer is something that is a real goal of ours, and we think that AI will provide some great opportunities to do that. But it's also clear that AI is going to be highly disruptive, and it could be extremely difficult to manage, particularly from an IP management perspective. I can tell you that our legal team is working overtime already to try to come to grips with what could be some of the challenges here, and we're certainly not the only ones. I think this is across not only our industry but industries. So I'd have to say overall I'm bullish about the prospects because I think they'll create efficiencies and ways for us to basically provide better services to customers. On the other hand, I think that there's a lot we're going to have to contend with that will be quite disruptive and quite challenging. Getting more specific is not something I really am prepared to do right now.
Robert Iger: We -- on the integrated app experience that we announced today, that's for consumers that have subscribed to both services for now. So in other words, it's taking what we call the dual bundle and putting it together in one experience, which is obviously good for consumers. Why have to close out one app and open another one? So it becomes a one app experience. We also think that it will benefit basically consumption in general, lower churn, be more attractive. It's just an all-in-one. It's a bigger platform, basically more content than it offered before. Outside the United States, we created that with Star, which doesn't have all the programming of Hulu, but it has a significant amount and it's working quite well. And it's one of the reasons why we're going to launch that as an advertised supported platform, as Christine mentioned. So I think to answer your question, we're bullish about an app that goes well beyond the Disney+ branded content and includes general entertainment, which maybe at one point I called undifferentiated. That was a little harsh. But that includes quality curated general entertainment for the purpose of growing advertising, growing subscriber fees, growing engagement, growing lessening churn, and to address one part of your question, reducing costs.
Christine McCarthy: Yes. Hi, Ben. I'll just further elaborate on some of the SG&A progress that we've had. And thanks for picking up that I did tease that by saying that we would need to exceed our targets of $2.5 billion. But, as we've gotten into this, there's been great cooperation throughout the entire company, which has been really rewarding, because we're looking at this and, of course, there's the reality of headcount reductions, and we're going through those. But there's also other things that we're finding more and more opportunities on eliminating redundancies, looking at ways to become more effective by utilizing resources, people and other resources across other businesses. But we're really leaning into all the opportunities. There's technology, which we've also seen a lot of good progress. Some of it will be, and I say some, will be realized in the balance of this year, really at the end of the fiscal year. But the real impact is going to help us in 2024. But, once again, since we're all into it, I think, once again, having it be company-wide and having, it be something that all of our business leaders have embraced, we are looking for a real comprehensive look throughout the SG&A buckets.
Christine McCarthy: Hi, Phil. Yes, let me address our results at Shanghai. They were incredibly positive this quarter. We've been really gratified to see the bounce back from the pandemic closures that we had. We're not going to get into too many specifics, but suffice it to say that the business is doing extremely well on both an attendance and a per-cap basis. We see that momentum continuing, and we also have some new attractions. We've talked about Zootopia coming later this year, and we believe that that is going to drive even further attendance and spending at the park. But Shanghai is doing extremely well, and we've been really gratified to see that bounce back. Like I said, it was closed for quite a long period of time during the pandemic.
Christine McCarthy: Hi, Michael. I'll address your question on content spend. As you know, this is an area that Bob is spending a lot of time working with our creative teams on. But when you think about that $30 billion overall, and Bob's targeted an annualized saving in the $3 billion range, I just want to remind everyone that the sports component of that amount is now over 30%, just due to the contractual rate increases that we've had in our contract rights, our sports rights. The other thing is, in fiscal 2023, we said that we're going to be roughly comparable to last year. Remember, last year we came in slightly below $30 billion. And this estimate does not include any potential impacts from the writer's strike. We have not estimated that, because that's a new development, and we haven't really quantified what that would be, because we don't know how long it's going to last. But in general, what we're really doing is looking at a lower volume of content, as I mentioned in my comments. And Bob is, once again, going through all of the development slates, and really looking at not only our Disney-branded, but also a more curated approach to our general entertainment content.
Christine McCarthy: Hi, Kannan. Let me address your question on parks earnings growth and the outlook there. So I think the way I would phrase this is we do expect a really solid year overall for our domestic parks. That being said, we also expect increased costs. And we alluded to that in our first quarter earnings call. And they're really coming from a few areas most predominantly. One is wages with the new union contract coupled with inflationary trends. We do have some new guest offerings. So there's some incremental operating expenses that come along with those. And we also have the operational support for adding a fifth cruise ship to our cruise line fleet. I think you all know that we launched the Wish back last fall. So we continue to look at ways to address cost management. The team down there has done a great job throughout the pandemic and then coming out of the pandemic. But they utilize a variety of tactics to mitigate potential margin pressures and downside risk across the segments. And some of the levers that they can utilize to really address it are by looking at capacity in some of our new attractions, they increase the footprint or increase capacity so we can open up the valve a little bit more on attendance. And with some new attractions that are more based on newer IP, so that will get more people not only coming in but wanting to come in and enjoy the experience while they're there. And we also are really continuing to focus on meeting our customer needs there. But we think that, this is a growth business for us. We've said so in the past. And I do just want to give a call out to our cruise business. That business, as you know, was the most impacted. And we had talked about that, that was going to be the last business to come back from the closures during the pandemic. But that business has come back incredibly strongly over the last year, this fiscal year. And even looking out to the balance of our fiscal year, we're very encouraged by what we're seeing there and the reception to not only our new ship but also our legacy ships within the fleet.
Christine McCarthy: Hi, Mike. I will take the Disney+ ad tier question for you. As you know, we launched back in December, and we've just begun to scratch the surface of what we can really do on advertising on Disney+. And we look at this as an incredible opportunity for longer-term advertising positioning. Just to remind everyone, we do have a lighter ad load on Disney+ versus what we have on Hulu and also notwithstanding the very challenging macroeconomic advertising market, we're still seeing our consumers come into the not only existing but also new sign-ups come into that ad tier, so we're very encouraged by that. As Bob has mentioned previously, we have invested a lot in our ad tier technology and our data platforms for really providing state-of-the-art programmatic and addressable ad tools to our advertisers, so those are also investments that we've made and we believe are going to pay off not only today but position us well for the future as the ad market overall gets stronger. The other thing I just want to mention is we will be launching the ad tier on Disney+ in Europe by the end of this calendar year, so that will be another platform that we'll have or another offering that we'll have for consumers outside of the U.S.
Christine McCarthy: Hi, Doug. And I'll answer your question on the direct-to-consumer losses and the peak losses. Just to remind everyone, we did say, and it is the case, that we had peak losses in direct-to-consumer in the fourth quarter of 2022. That was the quarter that we reported in November. So what you've seen since then is we improved on a sequential, linked-quarter basis. You've seen a $400 million improvement in Q1, another $400 million improvement in Q2. In my comments, I did say that Q3, it would widen out by $100 million because of the timing of some releases and particularly the marketing of those releases. But that will be an aberration because it's not a linear path, but we will be improving significantly from 22 peak losses in Q4 through the balance of fiscal 2023. So, you should assume that what you saw back in Q4 was the peak loss and we have improved for the next two quarters, there will be that one little blip in Q3 and then we expect to be back on the path for the balance of the fiscal year.
