Hugh Johnston: Great. Thanks, Jessica. This is Hugh. Good morning. That was a six-part first question. So I'll try to answer it as best I can. First, just to sort of peel apart Q3 again. I want to emphasize we actually had 2% revenue growth in Q3. The reason, obviously, is the IP is so strong in our parks. It really does attract a strong audience and people are reluctant to cancel vacations. So while we saw a slight moderation in demand, I certainly wouldn't call it a significant change. That said 40% of the Experiences business is actually not domestic parks. It's either international parks or consumer products and that's from an operating income perspective. 60% is domestic parks, including cruise ships. Within that, we saw attendance flat in the quarter and we saw per caps up a little bit. We expect to see a flattish revenue number in Q4 coming out of the parks. And as we mentioned in, earlier in the letter, really just a few quarters. So I don't think I'd refer to it as protracted, but just a couple of quarters of likely similar results. Now, keep in mind, we do have some expenses attached to our ships coming in and that will affect us a bit in '24 and a bit in '25. But overall I would just call this as a bit of a slowdown that's being more than offset by the entertainment business both what we've seen so far and our expectations for Moana 2 as well as Mufasa.
Hugh Johnston: And, Robert, on free cash flow. We had previously guided to $8 billion. We don't have any news on that, but if there were a material change on it, obviously we would have changed the guide.
Hugh Johnston: Sure. Happy to talk about both. In terms of the journey on getting to double-digit margins, the levers haven't changed and frankly we're actually doing quite well with them. Bundling has had a positive impact on churn. So from that perspective, obviously, that helps us with growth, which is one of the drivers. Password-sharing is just starting to roll out. That's also going to be helpful in terms of driving growth. We've announced pricing and we feel good with all of the value that we're providing to consumers. With all the creative that Bob mentioned earlier and all the creative that's still to come. We do feel like we've earned that pricing in the marketplace and we feel positively about that. With that will come scale benefits. The product improvements also should reduce churn and keep our consumers with us as they're evaluating their options. And then obviously we're going to look at the entire cost structure and continue to drive productivity. In terms of timing, no update on that. It's something that we've said we are approaching with great urgency. We still intend to do that. Obviously, I think, we've made a ton of progress. We were losing $1 billion a quarter not all that long ago and now we're making money and our expectation is we're going to continue on that journey to making more money to get to and then ultimately well surpass the double-digit margins that we've talked about. Regarding the cruise ships, we've shared a number for this year. The number will be a little over double that in terms of the startup costs in 2025. So you can assume that, that'll be about that. That said, the cruise ships tend to pay back very quickly. So we certainly feel positive about those investments.
Hugh Johnston: Right. And regarding cost, recall, our original cost estimate was $5.5 billion. We raised that to in excess of $7.5 billion. Look, in big companies, my worldview is there's always opportunity to do more with less. So we're going to continue to go after it aggressively as we can to both deliver the bottom line and to invest back in the business with all the great opportunities we have.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah, I'll take that. In terms of the parks business, I've kind of given you a lot of our expectation already. I'm not sure I'm ready to peel it down to attendance versus per caps. I think, again, we're going to be pretty consistent with what we saw in Q3. And we talked about the fact that the lower income consumer is feeling a little bit of stress. The high income consumer is traveling internationally a bit more. I think you're just going to see more of a continuation of those trends in terms of the top line. And then the bottom line will be reflective of the fact that we've got some one-time costs coming in and going out both this year and last year. I do expect to see international strengthen. Disneyland Paris has obviously felt some challenge due to the Olympics. Not a surprise, but something that happens. And the good news is the Olympics are over in a couple of weeks and the booking will certainly look good in that regard. So overall feeling positively on that front.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. To answer the question on ARPU, you hit both points correctly. Number one, bundling has a small effect. And then in addition to that, the shift to the ad model certainly has a small effect as well. From a profitability standpoint, we're pretty happy with whether people choose the ad model or the ad-free model. Regarding visibility, we do have very good visibility, which is why I'm emphasizing. These are really all changes at the margins, daily visitors and late bookers and things like that. Looking forward, we have very good visibility into the book that we're expecting, which is why I've got a good level of confidence in the projections that I'm sharing with you.
Hugh Johnston: Sure. Happy to talk about it. Ad market is actually very healthy right now. We saw overall advertising grow 8% for the quarter. ESPN was up 17%, DTC streaming was actually up 20%. So certainly feeling very, very positively in that regard. And in terms of the categories, financial services, consumer products doing very well, consumer services doing very well and technology doing very well. Auto is a little bit softer in that regard. But overall, the ad market is really, really strong and healthy for us. And a lot of that is a product of the fact that we have live sports and the fact that our streaming service is doing so well in terms of the IP that we have. It's an attractive audience. We also have a new capability called Disney Streaming that allows us to basically sell across our platforms very effectively. We're selling audiences rather than just selling streaming channels, which enables advertisers to more effectively target the audiences that they're seeking. So from a technology perspective, we're seeing good payback. The second piece was around licensing. Yeah, the licensing numbers that you see are mostly a reality around the fact that we've had so much success at the box office. That's really what's driving things more than anything else. No change in our licensing strategy, which has been pretty clear. The things that we consider core IP to the company, we don't license. There are things that are non-strategic. We'll continue to license tactically. But it's not a big strategy for us. The big strategy is producing our own IP and monetizing it.
Hugh Johnston: Yeah. Good morning, Kannan. Two things. One, obviously, the investments that we're making into the Experiences business, we feel very, very good about it. It's been a great returning business for a long time. So while I'm not here to give you long-term guidance in terms of that segment of the business. We wouldn't be making capital investments in an accelerated way if we didn't expect to accelerate growth out of those businesses and that's true of the cruise ships as well. Now, keep in mind, that the lead time on investments in this business are multiple years. So when exactly all of that manifests, we'll share with you as we go along. But, obviously, we're investing because we're looking to accelerate growth and hence the term turbocharge. Regarding the India question, we will share that when we close the deal. I think that's the right time to do it. And we'll lay it out for you all very clearly so that you can model it very, very effectively.
Robert Iger: Regarding the NBA deal, Jessica, first of all, let me just remind you and everyone that the deal doesn't kick in next year, it's a year later. We have one more year on the current deal. And as we looked at it, first of all, one goal was to maintain what we'll call the A package, which means we've got the finals for 11 more years or now we have the finals for 12 years and they drive significant value for us. Also, overall, the deal reflects the value of live programming. We know that that's been an advertiser's delight and also an audience's delight. It also reflects the growing value of basketball and the growing value of women's sports. There's a large WNBA component to this. Also as part of this deal and has been the strategy of ESPN for a while to lock in sports rights for a long period of time. It secures our ability to bring ESPN in the digital direction, particularly as we look to launch flagship sometime at the end of 2025. So we believe that by the time this kicks in and a year from now that a lot of the pieces will be in place in terms of driving more advertising revenue, more distribution revenue, moving to digital. And another thing that we've done here is we've secured international rights, particularly to the finals, not in every market around the world, but in most markets. And that will drive some added revenue as well. Not going to be specific about the profitability in the early years, but there's tremendous value in this deal.
Robert Iger: Let me start by saying that what we've been seeing with streaming is significant success, driven largely by the success of our creativity, whether it's in the television side. The company had 183 Emmy Nominations, for instance, led by shows like Shogun and The Bear and Abbott Elementary and Only Murders in the Building. And I can go on and on. And obviously on top of the television success creatively, we've had huge success in the motion picture front recently. And when you look at what the current motion picture lineup drives in terms of value on streaming, it's profound. So Inside Out, as it's in our comments today, the first film has had tremendous consumption since the first trailer for Inside Out 2 launched in November. The same thing is true for the early Deadpool movies, for the early Planet of the Apes movies, I could go on and on. So when we look across our portfolio of IP, and this includes Disney branded, Fox branded, obviously everything that's on Hulu, programming from FX, programming from ABC, National Geographic, what we're basically seeing is we're seeing growth in consumption and the popularity of our offerings, which gives us the pricing leverage that we believe we have. So every time we've taken a price increase, we've had only modest churn from that. Nothing that we would consider significant. We believe that as we add these new features like the channels that we're going to be adding later this year that and the success of our movie slate, and I'll get into that a little bit more, that the pricing leverage that we have is actually increased. We're not concerned. The goal is to grow engagement on the platform. And what I mean by that is obviously offering a wider variety of programming, which is why we're adding news, why we're adding the ESPN tile to it, while we're bundling aggressively to give consumers the ability to buy across all of our basically creative engines. And we feel very bullish about the future of this business. We're not saying much more about it, except you can expect that it's going to grow nicely in fiscal 2025. The other thing I want to add is that we've been talking a lot about adding the technology features that we need to basically make it a higher return, a higher margin business and a more successful business. And we're doing that right now. We started our password sharing initiative in June. That kicks in, in earnest in September. By the way, we've had no backlash at all to the notifications that have gone out and to the work that we've already been doing. We know that we need stronger recommendation engines and we're working on that technology and we need to make our marketing more efficient. But by adding all of these features, both on the technological side and also on the programming side, we're bullish about the future of this business. And then when you think about it over to Hugh mentioned Moana and Mufasa, let me just read to you the movies that we'll be making and releasing in the next almost two years. We have Moana, Mufasa, Captain America, Snow White, Thunderbolts, Fantastic Four, Zootopia, Avatar, Avengers, Mandalorian, and Toy Story, just to name a few. And when you think about not only the potential of those in box office, but the potential of those to drive global streaming value, I think, there's a reason to be bullish about where we're headed.
Robert Iger: Well, we obviously are investing significantly in all directions because of the value that it creates and also because of the value that it represents to our future in streaming. We talked about sports, the long-term deals that we've made. Obviously, College Football is part of that. And on top of the NBA, on top of the NFL, on the movie side, we've talked a lot about our the creative improvements that our studio has brought to bear and the quality of the IP and the known quality of our IP. And television, I can't say enough about how great our television businesses have been performing both in terms of the bottom line, but also in terms of creatively. You don't get 183 Emmy Nominations by accident. That's the work of a lot of really great, talented people, meaning on the management side, working with a lot of talented, creative people. So it's a balance, it's a mix and I think it's one that you'll ultimately see really blended together as our streaming platform grows over time.
Robert Iger: I know I've sounded like a broken record because I've talked about strategic partnerships for ESPN over the last number of quarters. The only thing I can say is, believe it or not, we're still having conversations about it. We thought and continue to believe there may be opportunities to partner with others, particularly on the content side, and that's why we've continued to explore it. But nothing more to add.
