Alexia Quadrani: Good afternoon. It's my pleasure to welcome everybody to The Walt Disney Company's second quarter 2022 earnings call. Our press release was issued about 25 minutes ago and is available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is being webcast, and a replay and transcript will also be available on our website. Joining me for today's call are Bob Chapek, Disney's Chief Executive Officer; and Christine McCarthy, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Bob and Christine, we will be happy to take some of your questions. So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob to get started.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you, Christine. We are happy to be back here in person for this call. But to make it easier, I will help direct the questions. We ask that you please limit yourself to one question in order to help us get to as many analysts as possible today.  And with that, operator, we're ready for the first question.
Alexia Quadrani: Okay. Thanks for the question, and I want to thank everyone for joining us today. Note that a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures that were referred to on this call to equivalent GAAP measures can be found on our Investor Relations website. Let me also remind you that certain statements on this call, including financial estimates or statements about our plans, guidance, expectations, beliefs or business prospects or other statements that are not historical in nature, may constitute forward-looking statements under the securities laws. We make these statements on the basis of our views and assumptions regarding future events and business performance at the time we make them, and we do not undertake any obligation to update these statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from the results expressed or implied in light of a variety of factors. For more information about such factors, please refer to our Investor Relations website and the press release issued today as well as the risks and uncertainties described in our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We want to thank you for joining us today and wish everyone a good rest of the day.
Bob Chapek: All right. Thank you. As you know, we launch with an extremely attractive opening price point on Disney+, and we've been very comfortable with the price-value relationship that we've offered. And as you know, as we increase our content investment, we believe that that's going to give us the ability to adjust our price by -- and still, at the same time, maintain that strong value proposition. You mentioned the Disney+ ad tier I think this is going to give us the ability to reach an even more broad audience as we expand Disney+ across multiple price points. And using some of our other services, we can see the additive nature of an ad-driven service that enables us to keep the price lower. Of course, that's made up for by the additional revenue that we would get per user on the advertising spending. So we believe that we can sort of move up and cascade up our net price over time given the tremendous value that we started with and the increased price-value relationship of all the new content, but we're pretty bullish about that. Thank you.
Bob Chapek: Okay. So we continue to see really strong demand, and we're encouraged by the trends that we're seeing, particularly as we're going to get some improvements to international visitation. But we're controlling our attendance, as Christine mentioned in her comments, using our reservation system to optimize the guest experience. But that domestic yield strategy, and we're also seeing it in Paris, is really exceeding our expectations. If you remember, last quarter, we mentioned that we had some high hopes for it, but we were seeing well above what we had anticipated. While I'm happy to say that in Q2 or even, as you say, we're lapping those numbers again even higher. So we're very, very encouraged by the continuation of the trends that we're seeing in terms of the number of people. For example, that sign-up for Genie+, plus the willingness to come to our parks with our balanced reservation system, which really helps us sort of manage our price per day, if you will. So that domestic yield strategy has really structurally allowed us to increase that per capita spending meaningfully without having to rely solely on raising ticket prices, and we don't see any end in sight for that.
Bob Chapek: So as you know, we're very carefully watching our content growth -- content cost growth. And we reaffirmed, as you heard earlier, our targets, our guidance on both subs and on profitability. So we think they move together. It's obviously a balancing act, but we believe that great content is going to drive our subs, and those subs then in scale will drive our profitability. So we don't see them as necessarily counter. We see them as sort of consistent with the overall approach that we've laid out. We're extremely happy with the content that we've got, both across the general entertainment option, which frankly is -- you heard that 50% of our subs are families without kids. And so at the same time, that relative content expenditure is a little cheaper than our typical franchise expenditure on a per-program basis. So even though we're adding a lot of content both in local, international markets and as well in the general entertainment area, it doesn't come at the per-title level, if you will, that we've been seeing sort of to date on our general franchise films. That said, we're balancing all 3. And we're very confident that going forward, we're going to hit both of those sub guidance and profitability guidance by bringing in the cost at a reasonable level relative to their ability to attract and retain our subs.
Bob Chapek: Okay. Let's see. I'm going to take the first part first. We're expecting a very positive reaction from advertisers overall. And as you suggest, this is a combination of our excitement around the Disney+ ad tier. They have been asking for this for years. And we also expect Hulu, as you know, which has been very strong for us at the same time, to be a key contributor of our performance at the upfront this year. The other thing is that sports are going to continue to be in high demand. And so with the advertisers, we focused on the right deals that we've made over the past few years as well as our robust slate of original content shows and our studio shows and original content games. In terms of sort of the growing-the-pie idea, we believe that the value proposition of advertising with Disney+ is only enhanced with our addition of an ad-supported tier on Disney+. So we believe it's good for the consumer because it's going to give us another entry price point, but it's also going to be great for the advertisers. Our advertisers increasingly are looking for multiple platforms to reach a broader reach. And we think that as a company, we're going to provide that given our portfolio of streaming and our linear networks. So I think we're creating more avenues, both for consumer choice and for comprehensive advertising solutions, for our advertising customers at the same time.
Bob Chapek: Okay. So as you know, on all of our Linear Networks, they're huge cash generators for us. So to some extent, we're doing a really good job of chopping down some of the debt that we've had to accumulate due to either acquisition or through the COVID challenge. And so the hesitancy to move too fast away from those is really a cash flow situation that I think puts our company in a healthier overall situation. At the same time, we're very conscious of our ability to go more aggressively into the DTC area of ESPN. And so what we're doing is sort of putting one foot on the dock, if you will, and one foot on the boat right now. But we know that at some point when it's going to be good for our shareholders, we'll be able to fully go into an ESPN DTC offering the way that you described. And we fully believe that there is a business model there for us that's going to enable us to regain growth on ESPN+ in a full DTC expression. But at that point, obviously, that will have ramifications on immediate cash flow that we get from our legacy Linear Networks.
Bob Chapek: Okay. And on the ESPN question, we're not ready to share the specifics of our model in terms of how long it would take for us to reach profitability on that or the impact that it would have on our linear business. But I would emphasize that we're only going to do it if it's accretive to our shareholder value when it comes time to actually pull the trigger. But I can tell you that it will be the ultimate fan offering that will appeal to super fans that really love sports. And I think there's nobody but ESPN that, frankly, could actually pull that off. But we don't have a lot of specifics when it comes to structure. But we do believe that because sports is so powerful, in fact, in the last quarter, 46 of the top 50 most viewed programs on linear TV were sports. And obviously, ESPN dominates that. And I do believe that sports is the third leg of our domestic offerings in terms of our DTC offerings. And right now, that expression is through the bundle. And I think that could become very powerful for us going forward in the future.
Bob Chapek: Okay. In terms of our confidence in Disney+ guidance, as you probably know, we have a tremendous amount of data that we get on our DCC platforms, things like the first view, what's the first view that somebody watches when they first come on to our platform, which is a pretty good proxy for maybe why they signed up. There's also the amount of time spent, the engagement scores and then, of course, the churn information that you sort of look at. And we've said this before in past earnings calls, but we're extraordinarily pleased with the low churn that we see, particularly given the bundle. The bundle is really efficient in terms of churn. And that gives us a lot of bullishness when it comes to the idea of bigger offerings from Disney. So as we sort of take each of these elements, when we get a new piece of content, we'll look at first view, we'll look at engagement, we'll look at the amount of time they spend on it. And we can model. We can do a lot of modeling. And that modeling suggests that in addition to things like local market content, new content coming online, both in terms of general entertainment and from franchises as well as new markets being added, that, that Disney+ guidance is going to be very achievable for us both in terms of the sub adds and in terms of the operating performance.
Bob Chapek: Okay. We're in really good shape in terms of being able to meet our timing with our Disney+ ad tier. And that's largely because we're already doing it. The combination of our ESPN+, streaming tech stack and our experience in Hulu and the software, we think that our current advertising capabilities really substantially prepare us to already bring this tier into operations. So there's nothing that we need to go acquire or, frankly, even in any significant way developing anything new. And that's due to the ongoing investments in technology that we've made over time to increasingly automate much of this process. And we've been looking forward to this for a while. So this is something that's well-greased, if you will. And our teams are hard at work at making that become a reality.
Christine McCarthy: Great. Ben, your question on net adds for the second half of the year, we still do expect an increase over the first half. However, the first half came in better than expected, so that delta that we had initially anticipated may not be as large. But we still do expect an increase in the second half to exceed the first half.
Christine McCarthy: Hi, Michael. On the parks margins, as Bob said, we feel really good about the consumer demand and what we're seeing in the forward-looking bookings and everything else in the attendance levels. So we feel good about that portion of margins. The one that is more challenging is what we face with inflation. But we do pay close attention to all the recent inflationary pressures, and it covers everything from merchandise to food and beverage. I'll give you an example of something -- for those, we are actually always looking at mitigating impacts of rising costs. But I'll give you a good example of one that we are executing on, and that is the increased cost in fuel. We have a very robust fuel hedging program at Walt Disney World, and that reduces risk and minimizes volatility, reduces volatility in the cost of fuel. And so that -- while we suspended that program while the parks were shut, we have reopened that program and we are doing what we can to minimize the impact on that particular cost. We do have the labor impacts. Rising wages is something everybody is dealing with and a tighter labor market. On the supply chain, our business isn't immune to the global supply chain challenges. And to the extent we experience any product availability impacts given strong demand that we're seeing, we're working with our suppliers to diversify some of our suppliers, and we're also working with shippers to expedite the time to receive those through shipping. But right now, it's very difficult to accurately forecast the potential financial impact due to the fluidity of the situation. But you can trust that we are fully aware of it, and we're working hard to mitigate any pressure on the margins.
Christine McCarthy: Okay. Steve, to answer your question on that $32 billion of content spend and where it's going, remember back when we talked about that initially, we talked about it being about 1/3 in sports. That still remains. And when you think about the balance of that $32 billion, a meaningful amount of it will be enterprise-wide content budget that will be dedicated into investments into the general entertainment content that we can leverage across all of our various distribution platforms. When we say that, we mean linear, theatrical as well as direct-to-consumer. And as I mentioned earlier, our world-class creative teams are focused on creating content that will drive subscriber growth in targeted segments and deeper engagement across the platform. This includes leveraging our existing intellectual property. Also, we're intent on creating new franchises. You saw that in Encanto and investing in general entertainment, local language content and sports rights. I just want to -- even though you didn't ask about local language content. I do want to give you some perspective because we haven't provided this previously. But as Bob mentioned, we have about 500 shows in the pipeline for local content outside of the U.S. or English speaking. When you look at that 500, I'll give you some broad breakdowns. In the Asia Pacific region, including Southeast Asia, of that 500, 140 is in that region; in EMEA, it's 150; in India, it's 100; and in Latin America, it's 200. So we haven't given that before, but I think that also kind of breaks it up in the various regions that we are in outside of the U.S.
Christine McCarthy: Sure. On streaming, right now, we have not disclosed a mix or expected mix of an ad-supported tier. So we don't have any additional details on that product, and that includes pricing as well. But when we expand Disney+ across multiple price points with this new Disney+ ad tier, we are able to reach an even broader audience, and we'll create more avenues for consumer choice. And this is a consistent theme that you've heard from us, having the consumer be our North Star. We'll continue to evaluate what makes sense for the service, our brand and our core principle of providing consumers with the maximum flexibility and choice. So we expect the advertising revenue we earn will contribute positively to our ARPU as we look to achieve our long-term profitability goals.
Christine McCarthy: Sure. On our parks business, we're obviously extremely pleased with our domestic parks operations and how they have come back robustly. But on domestic attendance, we are -- we could, but we're choosing to limit attendance using our reservation system. And once again, that goes back to us trying to balance demand and attendance throughout the year, not have days when consumers in the parks aren't enjoying the experience. So attendance is something that we're controlling, but we're doing it to have a better consumer experience. And some of the things that we've brought back, we will continue to with additional capacity. But some capacity that we just brought back in April were things like the character meet-and-greets at our domestic parks. And we also brought back in April our Nighttime Spectaculars at the Disneyland Resort. And we'll also be opening a new attraction at Walt Disney World Guardians of the Galaxy: Cosmic Rewind at the end of this month on Memorial Day weekend, and that is all new capacity, and we're really looking forward to having our guests experience that.
Christine McCarthy: Okay. On international theme parks, Doug. On Asia, I think it's really too early for us to tell. And as you heard in my comments, we said that we could see a negative impact of Hong Kong and Shanghai of $350 million in the next quarter, so just keep that in mind. But it is a bit of a tale of 2 cities. I can give you some very positive trends we're seeing out of Disneyland Paris. So just like domestically, we're seeing very strong yield growth at Disneyland Paris. And we're looking forward to its continued recovery, particularly with the recent launch of their 30th anniversary celebration. Avengers Campus, that's the first new themed area of our multiyear expansion that we've talked about previously for DLP, that will open this summer. And what has already opened is the -- one of our large hotels over there, the New York Hotel, has been re-themed in a Marvel theme and Avengers theme. So that's very exciting. And our guests love staying there. So I think it's -- what we're seeing in Paris gives me hope. Hope is not a strategy, but it gives me hope that our other parks in Asia will see that same rebound when their COVID-related headwinds abate.
Christine McCarthy: Well, Doug, we've said it for domestic. I -- we're not going to update that for international. There's just too much uncertainty with the region in Asia that has 2 of our parks right now.
Christine McCarthy: So on the incremental information you would like on our ad-supported tier, at this time, we haven't announced a price point for it. So we're not going to do that today. But we will continue to evaluate what makes sense for the service in terms of pricing. And I will say that you can look to our experience with Hulu and their ad-supported tier. We believe that this will contribute to ARPU. And we look at it as certainly something additive that will work towards achieving our long-term profitability goals.
