Lowell Singer: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Walt Disney Company's first quarter 2021 earnings call. Our press release was issued about 25 minutes ago and is available on our website at, www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast and a transcript will also be posted to our website. We realize most of you are still joining us today from your homes. And we are once again hosting today's call remotely. So joining me from their homes are, Bob Chapek, Disney's Chief Executive Officer and Christine McCarthy, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Bob and Christine, we'll be happy to take some of your questions. So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob, to get started.
Lowell Singer: Okay. Christine, thank you. And we're ready to transition to the Q&A. And as we do that, let me note that since we are once again not physically together this afternoon, I will do my best to moderate the call by directing your questions to the appropriate executive. So, with that Liz, we're ready for the first question.
Lowell Singer: Okay, Ben. Thank you. So Bob, why don't you take the first question about parks and then we'll go to Christine on sports rights.
Lowell Singer: Okay. So, Bob, do you want to take the Soul question? And then, Christine, you might want to take the Hotstar question.
Lowell Singer: Okay. Alexia, thanks. So, Bob, do you want to talk a little bit about local partnership? And then, Christine, you can talk a little bit about churn.
Lowell Singer: Okay. John, sure. Thanks for those questions. Bob do you want to talk a little bit about parks? And then Christine you can talk a little bit about CapEx.
Lowell Singer: Okay. So Jessica I'm going to let Bob take the sports question and maybe Christine will start with the Parks question. But Bob I'll turn it over to you.
Lowell Singer: So, Bob why don't you take these -- the streaming rollout question? And then Christine maybe you could take the engagement question and Bob will go back to you on cadence of content cycle.
Lowell Singer: Okay Mike. It's good to hear from you. I'm going to let, Christine take the Hulu SVOD question. And then, I'll ask Bob to address the MegaCast question.
Lowell Singer: Mike, thank you. And thanks again everyone for joining us today. Note that a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures that were referred to on this call, to equivalent GAAP measures can be found on our Investor Relations website. Let me also remind you, that certain statements on this call including financial estimates or statements about our plans, expectations, beliefs or business prospects and other statements that are not historical in nature, may constitute forward-looking statements under the securities laws. We make these statements on the basis of our views and assumptions regarding future events, and business performance at the time we make them. And we do not undertake any obligation to update these statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially, from the results expressed or implied in light of a variety of factors including factors contained in our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Thanks again for joining us today. And I wish everyone a very good afternoon. Bye-bye.
Bob Chapek: Okay. In terms of the outlook for the parks for the rest of the year and the capacity, it's really going to be determined by the rate of vaccination of the public. That to us seems like the biggest lever that we can have in order to either take the parks that are currently under limited capacity and increase it or open up parks that are currently closed. So that is sort of the gating factor if you will. As Christine suggested, we have ample demand for our parks. Despite everything that's happening with that pandemic, I think we've made a pretty big impression on our consumer base and prospective guests in terms of the safety measures that we've undertaken at our parks to give assurances to people that they should come in and bring their families. And we're very, very pleased with what we're seeing in terms of future bookings. In terms of the cost savings and the technical side of things, not only has our industrial engineering team at Walt Disney World and some of our parks like Shanghai across the world figured out ways to have increased capacity with the same safety measures that we've had in place, which has enabled us to increase our, if you will, our attendance. But there we have been able to substantially manage our cost side at the same time to right-size, if you will, our -- not only our fixed cost base, but also our variable cost base to match what's happening. And I think that's evidenced by what Christine said that all of our parks, regardless of what conditions they're operating under, assuming they are operating, are in positive net contribution side. I would also add you didn't mention this, but I think it's important to add that given those per caps that Christine referenced in terms of the double-digit increase in per caps, this is sort of the ultimate situation where demand has exceeded supply. We've had that -- been fortunate enough to have that situation for the last couple of years and we've learned how to yield this business. And I think this is the ultimate situation where we've got supply greater than demand. So not only working on the cost side, but we're also working on the revenue side. And I think you see some of those results at play at Walt Disney World.
Bob Chapek: Okay. In terms of the DTC business and Soul, as you remember, we took it out on Christmas Day, we thought that was a really nice thing to do for our consumer base and our subscriber base, given the holiday and given the fact that we have talked consistently about remaining flexible in terms of how we're going to go ahead and put our titles out into the marketplace. We were absolutely thrilled by what that brought to our business in terms of both acquisition and retention. And so, I would say, it was a big hit with our subscriber base. In terms of Mulan, I think the best thing I can say about Mulan is that it was successful to the extent that we're also using that strategy on Raya. So the individual decisions that we talked about in the future, in some films we'll take them theatrically and in some films we'll take them theatrically, plus Disney Premier Access as is the case with Raya and was the case with Mulan. And in some cases, we'll take it direct to service. It's going to be dependent, though, on what our slate of titles are and whether we think that we need to put something on the service for those particular guests, or whether this is something that we could use as another data point in our exploration of Premier Access [indiscernible] date with theatrical. So it's really about flexibility and we're going to steer our decision-making over time, given what information that we get from our guests and our subscriber base on what they prefer.
Bob Chapek: Right. So I'm going to go back to the word flexibility, because we had made a reference at the investor conference that Black Widow was going to be a theatrical release and we are still intending it to be a theatrical release. But, again, we are going to be watching very carefully the reopening of theatres and the consumer sentiment in terms of desire to go back to theatres, to see whether that strategy needs to be revisited. But as of now the strategy is to continue on with the theatrical release and we'll be watching very, very carefully. 
Bob Chapek: I would characterize this last year as being not only a year of challenge, but also a year of learning in terms of what we can do, in terms of sustained margin growth in our parks. I say that because there's nothing like a pandemic to challenge the status quo and make you be fairly introspective about a lot of things that you've maybe taken as fairly dogmatic. I think you've all seen several new announcements about things that we've done recently that may have been heresy prior to the pandemic like recasting of our annual pass program at Disneyland and reconsidering the overwhelming demand we have relative to supply. Everything we do the first lens we look at is to exceed guest expectations. And it's very tough when your park has more demand than supply, we have to put limits on it. Well as you know, we have a wide variety of margins depending on the nature of the guest and how they visit and when they visit. So with a lens towards maximizing the guest experience, we are now able to essentially reset many pieces of our business both on the cost and revenue side of the business in order to say, if we had a blank piece of paper how would we set up our parks business and be a little bit more aggressive than we typically might be able to be without the impetus of unfortunately a year-long closure. So we've had a lot of time to think particularly, at Disneyland about what could be and I think you're about to see some of those strategies be born. 
Bob Chapek: Okay. So I'll take the sports. ESPN is always a consideration whenever we look at rights going forward. In terms of the Super Bowl being down and as we're going into rights conversations with them that's obviously, something we're considering but more important than any one Super Bowl we're looking at the long-term trends of sports viewership, the MVPD universe and our own prospects of potentially a more true ESPN DTC service. So there's a lot of moving parts and a lot of elements in that mix but it's all taking into account the trends that we're seeing in the marketplace. What I will say is that we've had a long relationship with the NFL and if we have a deal, if there is a deal that will be accretive to shareholder value, we will certainly entertain that and look at that. But our first filter will be whether it makes sense for our shareholder standpoint going forward. In terms of sports betting. As you probably know we already have some programming on ESPN around the subject of sports betting. It particularly is attractive to the younger, very passionate sports audience that we find. So it's an important piece of what we're doing. We've got relationships with DraftKings and Caesars. We've got sports links with -- sports betting links with both of those, not branded Disney or ESPN obviously. But branded through their own offerings. We've got a studio in Las Vegas with Caesars that we're working on. And we've also got a variety of different things that we're entertaining for the future. So sports betting we do realize the value in that. We've obviously got some bumpers in terms of our own brand and what we think our own elasticity is in terms of us participating in such endeavors. But we're highly interested in taking the relationships that we have with both parties and taking them to the next level if that makes sense.
Bob Chapek: Okay. Yes, we are still on schedule, where we will get to the great majority of our rollout markets by the end of the year. It's all green lights in terms of our launch not only in terms of preparation of the service itself and being able to handle it from a delivery standpoint, but also from a content curation standpoint both creation and acquisition again on the local content when we need that. As you know, we've got quite a slew of new content coming and great library of content, which really rounds out our offering and we'll add to that our local offerings in order to make it a fully robust offering for each particular market given the idiosyncrasies of what each market requires. So, it's all as planned.
Bob Chapek: Yes. I won't specifically comment on whether we anticipate getting to 2019 revenues by 2022, but I will tell you what our expectations are in terms of the state of the world by then. We have no doubt that when we reopen up in parks that were closed or increase the capacity that we'll have some level of social distancing and mask wearing for the remainder of this year. That's our expectation. But I believe that Dr. Fauci said earlier today that, he hopes that there's vaccines for everyone who wants them by April this year. If that happens that is a game changer. And that could accelerate our expectations and give people the confidence that they need to come back to the parks. Will there be some overlap until we know that we've hit herd immunity? Sure there will. But do we also believe that we'll be in the same state of 6-foot social distancing and mask wearing in '22? Absolutely not. 
Bob Chapek: Yes. And on a multicast question, I think it's both, both elements. So I think there's a consumer benefit to the fact that nobody else, could do what ESPN does in terms of the multicast. And I think we've proven that in several different ways, over the last few months with big football events being broadcast. But I think there's also an element that, that then, is obvious not only to us and obvious to our consumers, but obvious to our prospective partners, as we go into negotiations of new deals. I think there's probably a, mentality that well the more times we divide this up, the better off we're going to be, from the prospective rights owners. And I think what we're doing is throwing a wrench into that thinking. And suggesting that, maybe by taking a consumer-first approach and saying, boy, consumer choice is really a good thing for everybody, let's go ahead and maximize the number of touch points we have, not only do we get a benefit from our subscriber base for those folks that have ESPN, but I think it's also very apparent to the leagues who hold the rights.
Christine McCarthy: Okay. Hi, Ben. Now to address sports rights and the shifting between fiscal years, because of what happened with not only cancellations but delays of some of the sporting events, you will see some doubling up of some sports rights in this fiscal year. Things like you'll have two NBA finals, assuming the season for 2021 continues as we expect. You'll also have things like two Masters, two seasons of IPL games. And this all assumes that in fiscal 2021 nothing is drastically shifted out. But you can expect the sports rights overall to be up, because of the doubling and the shifting into fiscal 2021. And that's on linear. When we look at our ESPN+ rights costs, those are up also because we acquired some additional rights, most significantly in soccer that we announced earlier last year.
Christine McCarthy: Okay. And I'm going to address the question regarding churn on Disney+ Hotstar, with the IPL season finishing up. So just to put it in context, cricket is a very important part of a diversified programming strategy at Disney+ Hotstar. It also has a lot of other local content that consumers like to view. So we did see a bump up when the IPL season started. But we've also made it economical for a consumer to sign up for a one-year subscription versus going month-to-month. So those are some of the things that we're looking at and utilizing to mitigate the churn that one could expect from IPL, but it's a more diversified offering in terms of programming than just cricket.
Christine McCarthy: Yes. So in general, we are very pleased with what we've seen so far on the level of churn. And as our product offering matures and we put more content into the service and our subscriber base becomes more tenured, we expect to see our churn rates continue to decline. So in regard to the specific churn related to the anniversary of the Verizon launch promotion from last November 2020, we're really happy with the conversion numbers that we have seen there going from the promotion to become paid subscribers. We also have that price increase that consumers know about and they're expecting. But we're very comfortable with the price-value relationship that we're offering. So we think that the $1 increase will be well-received. And we believe that our current and future pricing offers attractive value to consumers. So we feel really good about where we are but we always want to improve. 
Christine McCarthy: Okay. And before I talk about CapEx, I just want to say from my perspective the Parks management team has done an outstanding job addressing cost structure. Of course, variable costs will come back in as we ramp-up operations, but they've really looked at the way they're doing business and it's really been quite impressive. So I just want to add that to what Bob has already said. As it relates to CapEx, last earnings call we had said that we expected CapEx to be up from last year. I think the number was $550 million. But now we're expecting it to be relatively flat. We have here is a couple of dynamics. We'll have increased spending at DMED and corporate, but we're going to have reduced spending at Parks. Some of the DMED spending is going to be on things like technology, in infrastructure investments related to the launch of Star and DPEP at our Parks business. Obviously, the reason that the CapEx is slowing is because some of the parks are closed and we've chosen to slow spending there.
Christine McCarthy: Okay. Jessica. I'll address your question about capacity at the parks. You're absolutely right, there are days. Especially holiday periods where we have to shut our parks for additional entries. Those tend to be days that the park fills up quickly and we just can't accommodate more people. But that being said. We are currently operating at 35% of that full capacity. And the teams in the park, especially at Walt Disney World have really figured out a way to be as efficient as possible in operating the park that allows us to get up to that 35% and still maintain all of the protocols for social distancing for COVID. The -- I think you'll remember, when we started opening, we started at a level less than 35% but it was the -- as Bob has already mentioned, industrial engineering that we utilize and just moving people around. The other thing I'd say is, when you think about the parks, it's a combination of attendance and per caps when you're looking at revenue. As we've -- as I said in my comments and I think Bob's alluded to it on the Q&A that we've had really nice growth in per caps. It was double digits not only on a linked-quarter basis from fourth quarter to first quarter, but also double digits year-over-year. So when you think about per caps and the yield management we want to have people have a great time when they're in our parks. And when they have a good time, they tend to spend more money. So this is something that we're refining as we go along.
Christine McCarthy: So Doug on engagement, as we said at the Investor Day, with Disney+ originals along with the theatrical releases and the library titles, we'll be adding something new to the service every week. And in general, I would say, we are very pleased with the engagement overall, especially when we put something like WandaVision on the service. So once again, these -- any time we put a new piece of content on the engagement for people, who know what the schedule of releases is it's quite encouraging. So we believe we're going to reach that cadence of getting content on the service every week within the next few years. We've also set that target for 100-plus new titles per year. And that's across Disney Animation, Disney Live Action, Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars, Nat Geo. And of course, we'll continue to add more to our library as we go through time as well.
Christine McCarthy: Okay. Thanks Brett. You're absolutely right. Peak losses we expect in this fiscal year. We said at our Investor Day which wasn't too long ago that we expected to reach profitability in fiscal 2024. We're not going to change that at this point although we are very pleased with the results that we just announced. But we are also -- given the value of growing our sub base, we are continuing to invest in high-quality content. We believe that content is the single biggest driver to not only acquiring subs, but retaining them. We're also going to have some other cost drivers that we just have to factor into our timing for profitability and that includes marketing, technology, customer service and just other expenses of running a new business. So we're sticking to that 2024 -- fiscal 2024 profitability. But once again we're very pleased with where we are today.
Christine McCarthy: We believe that keeping subscribers informed about what's on the service is extremely important. So the awareness that we'll create through targeted marketing and marketing of the brand will basically mitigate what we believe is a very reasonable price increase given the amount of content and the value to subscribers. 
Christine McCarthy: Hi, Mike. So on Hulu SVOD, when you look at the relative mix of ad-supported versus ad-free more of the subscribers are in the ad-free -- ad-supported. And that is where we have seen the really nice growth of our addressable advertising. So, that -- we're very comfortable and we actually -- we like the mix that we have, but it is more ad-supported, so we enjoy that relative increase of advertising. But it's pretty much been the track record that Hulu has of having that relationship of ad-supported versus ad-free has been relatively consistent, over their 10-year tenure.
