Lowell Singer: Good afternoon and welcome to the Walt Disney Company's third quarter 2020 earnings call. Our press release was issued about 25 minutes ago and is available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast and a copy of the webcast and a transcript will also be available on our website. We realize most of you are joining us today from your homes and we hope everyone is doing well. We are also hosting today's call remotely. So, joining me from their phones are Bob Chapek, Disney's Chief Executive Officer; and Christine McCarthy, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Bob and Christine, we'll be happy to take some questions. So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob Chapek to get started.
Lowell Singer: Okay. Thanks, Christine. And as we transition to the Q&A, let me note that since we are not physically together this afternoon, I will do my best to moderate by directing your questions to the appropriate executive, and with that, Daniel, we are ready for the first question.
Lowell Singer: Okay, Alexia, thanks. Bob, why don't we - let's start with first question, why don't you take the studio question and then we'll get to the parks one.
Lowell Singer: And then on the parks question, Bob, maybe want to speak to demand, and then Christine, you could jump in on some of the numbers.
Lowell Singer: All right, Jessica, it's good to hear from you. We will try to get to as many of your questions as we can. So Christine, let's start with Jessica's question about Disney+ guidance, and Japan and synergies. Let's start with that group.
Lowell Singer: John, thanks for the questions. Bob, why don't you take the production question for the fall, and Christine, you'll take the dividend question
Lowell Singer: Kannan, thanks for the questions. Christine, why don't you speak to the $5 billion charge, and Bob, you speak to ESPN. Thanks.
Lowell Singer: Steve maybe Christine you want to just at least start on the parks' metrics and then Bob, you may want to comment on parks and then talk about Disney+ as well.
Lowell Singer: Steve, thanks for the questions and thanks again everyone for joining us today. Note that our reconciliation of non-GAAP measures that we referred to on this call to equivalent GAAP measures can be found on our Investor Relations website. Let me also remind you that certain statements on this call, including financial estimates or statements about our plans, expectations, beliefs or business prospects, may constitute forward-looking statements under the securities laws. We make these statements on the basis of our views and assumptions regarding future events and business performance at the time we make them and we do not undertake any obligation to update these statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from the results expressed or implied in light of a variety of factors, including factors contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This concludes today's call. Thanks again everyone for joining us and have a great rest of the day.
Bob Chapek: We are very pleased to be able to bring Mulan to our consumer base has been waiting for it for a long, long time as we've had to unfortunately move our theatrical dates several times. We are fortunate that we have the opportunity to bring it to our own direct-to-consumer platforms. So consumers can enjoy it. But we're looking at Mulan as a one-off in terms of, as opposed to say trying to say that there is some new business window we model that we're looking at. So Mulan is a one-off. That said, we find it very interesting to be able to take a new offering, our premier access offering to consumers at that $29.99 price and learn from it and see what happens not only in terms of the uptake of the number of subscribers that we get on the platform, but the actual number of transactions on the Disney+ platform that we get on that PVOD offering.
Bob Chapek: Yes, this is obviously a highly uncertain time and we could tell from our reservation stream that we had ample demand to go above what the six-foot social distancing guidelines would give us, that was six weeks before we opened the park when we announced we were opening the park and then unfortunately COVID struck again and all the numbers started going up. This gave some level of trepidation to travelers who are anxious about long distance travel, jumping on a plane and flying to Walt Disney World. So what we've seen is that we have roughly 50% of our guest base still traveling from a distance, but the other 50% coming from local markets and in state. We've also had a higher-than-expected level of cancellations once somebody does make a reservation because as the disease ebbs and flows, they might necessarily cancel. So what we've done is used our strategy for yielding and make sure that every day we're pretty close to the percentage of the park that we can fill and still maintain the social distancing, we just replaced local and annual pass holders with some of the fall-off that we've necessarily seen from the long distance travelers. I will say that our research indicates that - and our bookings indicate that we should be in good shape once consumer confidence sort of returns, and so we're very optimistic about that, but we're very happy that we're returning a positive net contribution, as Christine said, because that was our goal in the first place, while at the same time, operating very responsibly.
Bob Chapek: In terms of the general entertainment offering internationally, we want to mirror successful Disney+ strategy by using our Disney+ technical platform, rooting it in content that we already own and distributing it under a successful international brand that we also already own which is of course Star and then bringing it to market in a very close association to Disney. I think in terms of your being surprised that this isn't being launched under a different brand name, I think it's important to look at the differences in how we have plan on going into the market, and the first thing is that Hulu aggregates third-party content where this will not. This will be rooted in our own content from ABC studios, Fox TV, FX, Freeform, Searchlight, and 20th century, and Hulu also, I must say has no brand awareness outside of the U.S. and nor does Hulu have any content that's been licensed to it internationally. So this gives us the ability to market this under the Disney umbrella and have synergies with our existing platform. So that's our basic rationale there. In terms of the premier access idea, as you probably know, Disney tentpole blockbuster theatrical films can be fairly expensive to make and produce in order to get the quality that consumers expect from us and frankly to get the quality that we expect from us, and rather than simply rolling it into a free offering, we thought we would give again because we can test almost anything when you have your own platform, we thought we would give it a try to establish a new window - a premier access window to try to recapture some of that investment that we've got and the good news, as I mentioned in my opening comments, is that we're going to have a chance to learn from this and to see whether that makes sense. All I'll say about our research is that it shows that such an offering under a premier access offering not only gets us revenue from the original transaction from the PVOD but also acts as a fairly large stimulus to sign up for Disney+.
Bob Chapek: Yes, in terms of the Star offering that we announced today, we see this as part of a sort of a sequential Domino strategy in terms of getting towards an offering on Disney+ starting with the PVOD going through some transactional window after we have an exclusive on Disney+ for the PVOD details to be announced later and then eventually going to Disney+ will live in perpetuity. Now, I should also say that we think that the Star brand itself in terms of its offerings, we've got a utility here, we've got a utility that is enabled on obviously platforms. I did mention to you that we will have the ability to use the same platform across both Disney+ and Star, so that if theoretically we can afford to do something on one particular platform like Disney+ we should be able to do it on a Star platform. It's not something we've talked about or entertained, but the capability is there. In terms of the Fox - in terms of the college football and the likelihood that in place, I don't really want to comment on the possibility of us going on the season going on because I think that's really up to the League Commissioners, that being said, we feel that we've got certain covenants that we have to meet in terms of live permitting hours with our partners, and we feel confident that with the way that we see all of the sports going on right now, we feel confident that we're going to be able to reach that.
Bob Chapek: Yes, well, we have no planned AVOD/SVOD on Star itself, but we've got obviously similar capabilities as we've got to Disney+ if we ever so chose to do that, but we've got no plans to do that now.
Bob Chapek: And in terms of the ESPN question, let me first start off by saying that on a macro level, I think we understand the value of live sports, ESPN is a strongest brand in sports and sports continue to be a driver of viewing interest. I think it's evidenced by the fact that sports accounted for over 90 of the 100 most viewed telecasts on broadcast and cable in 2019. So, we've got a really strong position from a brand standpoint in a market that consumers love. So, then the question is, how do we get it to the consumer and certainly U.S. that whether we've looked at a stronger direct-to-consumer proposition for ESPN? Absolutely, we've looked at everything and when we think that we've got the most effective way to maximize shareholder value from the brand, the way we are right now, but as that changes over time, we're certainly open to any and all options in terms of how we maybe able to get our programs to our consumers and hopefully we can talk a little bit more about this in our investor conference when we meet in the next few months.
Bob Chapek: I'll follow up on the parks question is that, as you know, different guests depending on where they're coming from have different relative values in terms of their contribution as a guest to the park and typically someone who travels and stays for five days to seven days is marginally more valuable to the business than someone who comes in on an annual pass and stays a day or two and consumes less merchandise and food and beverage. So, the way I would look at it is that it's just as their constituency changes a little bit, so do our overall margins change, but it's not because of price reductions or anything like that. And I think Christine handled the pricing and occupancy in hotels. On the Disney+ we absolutely are going after a bigger market of the number of subscribers as opposed to over rotating to try to get to a profitability number much sooner than we thought. Although I must say the prospect of us hitting our goals as quickly as we are is very encouraging, but what we plan to do is invest even more in our content in order to keep that machine cranked and going. As I mentioned, one of the biggest things in terms of subscriber acquisition is having new hot [indiscernible] content to bring to the service and you get that by making investments in new content. So, we'll be investing in content first and then trying to grow the service both from a marketing standpoint and from an installed base standpoint.
Christine McCarthy: Alexia, I'll put a little context into what we're referring to as a net positive contribution. On our last earnings call, Bob mentioned that we would not be opening a park unless we believe that we could shortly after opening generate revenue that exceeded the variable costs. So we are able to do that, although it is to a lesser extent because of the current COVID situation in Florida, as we said, as that abates, we expect the demand to pick up. But right now, it's not as high as we had expected, but we're still in the net positive contribution level. And I'd also like to mention Shanghai has consistently been operating in that net positive contribution area as well.
Christine McCarthy: We'll see if I can remember all these in sequential order. So on updating guidance, we're in the process now of working through our long-term plan, just because of COVID and all the disruption to our business, it's a little bit delayed from a typical calendar schedule, but we are not going to update piecemeal, we're going to give you a full update of the guidance we provided at the original Investor Day when we do the upcoming Investor Day in a few months. So you can expect to hear a fulsome review of the guidance and what we're looking for now because obviously things have gone better than expected and we are growing into momentum here. On Japan, Disney+ launched on June 11 in Japan and it wasn't a full - I would call it a limited launch, it was an exclusive alliance with NTT DOCOMO, so that was not provide - you had to be an NTT DOCOMO subscriber in order to have that ability. So you shouldn't be looking that at a full country launch. So I think you can anticipate that once it is launched, there will be more demand for Disney+ in that market, because you're absolutely right, there is a very, very high affinity for the Disney brand in Japan. I think you also had a question on Fox synergies. We are still on track to achieve the synergies that we had discussed originally and that is going along. Even despite COVID, we're still proceeding
Christine McCarthy: Sure. In my prepared comments, I said that we would incur around $1 billion of costs between now and the end of fiscal '21 and that's a variety of things, it's everything from ramping up productions and you can imagine these productions, they have everything from distancing that you have to accommodate for, site preparation, stage preparation, all the testing that has to go on. So there's a lot of increased costs and what those also will result in is increased days to produce episodes. So all of those things will incur costs. As I mentioned, we will be capitalizing Many of those costs that are related to productions and those will be amortized in future periods. And also in parks, as you've heard from us, there is considerable costs that have been put in place to achieve safety and health measures and those largely are expensed in the parks.
Christine McCarthy: Hi, John. So let me just make a couple of comments on the dividend. As you know, management recommended and the Board decided to accept that recommendation not to pay dividend for the first half of fiscal '20 and that was the payment that would have been made in July and we all believe that that decision provided the company with additional financial flexibility given what we were seeing in the in the COVID environment we're in and all the uncertainty that we're dealing with and continue to deal with. So our Board would typically determine whether or not to declare a dividend for the second half of fiscal '20 in the latter part of the calendar year, it would be very late November, early December, and making the recommendation to the Board, we, again, were going to take into consideration. Where we are with COVID and the impact that it's having not only on our financial performance but what measures we are taking to mitigate COVID impacts. So we'll take the full financial picture into consideration and it is part of our overall capital allocation principles, but first and foremost, we are going to invest in businesses that we believe are going to drive long-term shareholder value, and you're seeing what we're doing in the direct-to-consumer initiatives, not only domestically with Disney+, internationally with Disney+ and now internationally with the General Entertainment channel. So we feel like that's certainly top of the list, but we are also looking at other measures like a dividend, but we won't make that decision or recommendation to the Board until the end of the close to the end of the calendar year.
Christine McCarthy: Sure. Thanks, Jason. You're right. We do take somewhat of a conservative approach to managing liquidity and when we raise that money, it was back in March and April, we were able to achieve some pretty favorable interest rates but we also did not have any visibility into how long this environment was going to continue. We also saw some weeks in the spring when they weren't consistent capital markets conditions. So you'd have some weeks when spreads gapped out, sometimes they tighten up and we took the position that get it when we can and because the demand was so high we decided to take it because we view it somewhat as an insurance policy. But when we look at the overall balance sheet, we have it and we see COVID continuing for a while, but one of the, there is a few things that have happened in our businesses. And one is just the way that we have probably been much better at cost mitigation than we anticipated. The whole company is aligned towards tightening the belt. And we've done, I think, a great job on that. But as we are opening up the parks, remember now, we furloughed over 100,000 people and we're bringing them back. For the most part, not all are back yet, but a lot are back. So we will be spending more money just in terms of labor than we did in the third quarter. So in the fourth quarter you'll see some of our costs actually go up to resume some of our businesses. So I look at this as, as we all know what kills the company is the lack of liquidity. And as a CFO, I would never want to be in that position of not being able to fund all of our obligations.
Christine McCarthy: No, if you look at that, that's out a couple of more years. So, and the other thing is we do have debt maturities coming up. We still have another about $1.1 billion this fiscal year. If my memory is correct. I think $3.5 billion for fiscal ' 21. So we've got some debt maturities that we don't have to go to market and if this cash is still on our balance sheet, we can just certainly repay that and not refinance.
Christine McCarthy: So that's a great question and I'm glad you asked that. So, I can put some color around this impairment. So, the best way I would frame it is this impairment reflects an underperformance of the international channels business that we are already seeing and then that was exacerbated by the impact of COVID-19. Coupled with that, we've learned a lot with the launch of Disney+ and we have, as you've heard today, accelerated our push into DTC consumer streaming and - with the same time you're seeing a decline in the subscriber on MVPD subscriber base outside of the U.S. So, you add all those things up and we're not - this impairment does not include the value of DTC, that's intact. What this impairment is about is the linear channels and so we have in this fiscal year, have already closed down more than 20 channels. Most of those were closed in this third quarter and they were primarily in APAC and in EMEA. Now, when I say APAC not in India, these are in other parts of Asia. But that's where the channels were closed and we're taking a look at going more quickly, as you said, into direct-to-consumer and these channels shutting them down and taking those platforms direct is certainly what is behind this impairment.
Christine McCarthy: Hi, Steve. So, when we were talking about the net positive contribution opening up Walt Disney World what we were referring to was that because there was a surge of COVID in Florida, which limited amount of inbound travel that we had originally anticipated. So, it's more local, that overall is having a little bit of a dampening effect on it, but it's still positive, and once again, it will pick up when there is more regular travel patterns going into Walt Disney World. And as it relates to sort of pricing and occupancy at the hotel, It's really like there are so many hotels that are not yet reopened. And so those are kind of meaningless numbers right now. So once I would say the travel patterns get a little more normalized and we see people going in and staying for regular vacations like they used to we'll be providing occupancy and booking numbers, but right now, the one thing I would add is per caps are very, very strong and you could say that that's probably because people haven't been in the parks for a while, there is a pent-up demand and let's not forget that we just opened the full - the rise of the resistance as well as the Star Wars Lands fully in the beginning of this calendar year. So, you had a lot of people and even Floridians who were just traveling locally who have not yet had an opportunity to go in and experience that. So, the per caps are great and I think it's because people haven't been able to get into our parks for quite a long time.
