Jay Rasulo: We said last year that we would have 300 million of incremental revenue matched with cost and then an incremental 500 million this year. And we are still very much on pace for that and it seems like it will be, as we thought, pretty much match up with costs of launching, training, preopening and all of the things that go into launching these new initiatives. If you look at this quarter in particular, Michael, we think about 50 basis points of our Parks margin, the change that you saw in the Parks margin number that I gave you, is the impact of these new initiatives on the margins for the quarter. That’s the Disney Cruise Line, California Adventure expansion and our Ahwahnee really represent the bulk of that 50 basis point impact.
Jay Rasulo: No, not really a big difference between those two parks as we sort of get into the summer and look at what the rest of the summer is probably going to look like and into the fall, not a huge difference.
Jay Rasulo: Sure. Let me take the first half of your question, and then I’ll talk about the 100 million. So Ben relative to our affiliate growth rate, it was pretty much flat versus prior year on a reported basis due to the impact of that Comcast deferral and we also had some unfavorable FX stuff in there but the majority of it was the deferral. If you adjust for that deferral and adjust to the FX rate as well, the Q3 cable affiliate rate growth was very similar to the first half of the year which was high single-digits. I think I gave that out in the last call. So, those two factors pretty much account for what looks like a slowdown in the reported number. On your second question about the 100 million, basically that it really matches the kind of pace of cost growth that we’ve seen which is the sort of low to mid single-digits in cost growth quarter-to-quarter at ESPN nothing really special there. And that’s Q4 versus prior year, Ben.
Jay Rasulo: Alexia, I don't feel comfortable sort of giving guidance on a specific quarter's margin, but obviously as these projects roll off the revenue they produce which is pretty much been what we expected when we pro forma these projects. All of those startup costs will drop off and we’ll start producing (inaudible) against those and they won't be the margin drag that they have been. But I really don't want to talk specifically to timing, just gets too close to guidance from my taste.
Jay Rasulo: We’re going to stick with a total number that we gave. I really don't want to talk to how that's going to blend in overtime because we don't want to get into all the details of when deals come up for renegotiation, when we start, whether we start early and so on and so forth. So, we’re going to stick with that total 450 to 500 million numbers that we gave in fiscal ‘15 sort of live with that.
Jay Rasulo: Let me take the bits of your statement in order. Certainly, the equity method basis and even on a consolidated basis for the next couple of years, our CapEx will drop. In fact, 2012 at least into the foreseeable future on an equity basis because a lot of the big capital bumps you will see in the future will be in Shanghai, only 43% of which is our money. You will see the reported number start to look higher as we get into the pre-opening of that part, but on the equity basis, the actual cash outflow will not reach the 2012 numbers. So, you are right about that we will be more cash flow at least netting will be less. If you look at buyback in particular, I’d say this, we haven't changed our point of view at all about buying back our stock. We still believe that we trade below our intrinsic value that it is a very useful and a strategic way for us to return capital to shareholders. So, I just wouldn't read too much into what happened this quarter versus the same quarter last year, not important. We haven't changed our focus on the amount of capital or how we think about allocating capital to buybacks in the future.
Jay Rasulo: I really wouldn't read too much into the ESPN ratings other than on and of course the enormous focus that takes place around the summer games and the disruption or this equilibrium that creates in the market. We believe we have incredibly strong programming. Our upfront, which is you probably know for EPSN one of a couple or few upfronts that we do was incredibly strong, demand for our programming and our product is incredibly strong. We’re not looking too much further into it than that.
Jay Rasulo: On the Castle revenue recognition, David, we did recognize some in Q3 and we’ll recognize even more in Q4 as there is both, we’re monetizing both seasons three and four in Q4, but there's also a bump due to the fact that we will hit the magic ‘88 episodes in which there's a lift to the entire pricing of what we sold prior and we will recognize that in Q4 as well.
Jay Rasulo: Interestingly, the Q3 percent international where it really matters most is that which is at Walt Disney World was identical to the prior Q3 year ago Doug. And I will tell you there has been a bit of mix shift up where Europe which for us is primarily U.K. and Canada were down a little bit, but that slack was completely picked up by Brazil and Argentina. So, yes, there is always a possibility for currency swings to affect our business. We actually haven't seen that much of it over the last couple of years. Of course, the euro and the pound have been relatively strong for most of that period.
Jay Rasulo: Generally not, I think that for the most part, particularly starting with Europe, flights from the U.K. and a long holiday in Orlando tend to be a lot more economical decision for people from the U.K. than going elsewhere in Europe, and the growth of interest in Latin America for the Disney franchise and particularly visitation to Walt Disney World is probably going to mask any relative currency swings there. The only thing we are held back by from South America is actually believe it or not our visa policy and the ability of people to get access to the market not the desire or the demand to come up to Walt Disney World.
Jay Rasulo: We obviously we want to be cognizant of our intrinsic value and be sure that we believe that far in excess of the market price and we think we’ve got a lot of room. We are not worried about bumping up against that. If you look at the history of this, it's probably wise for a company to leave a little gap between their intrinsic value and the price at which they are willing to purchase because of inefficiencies in the market. But we’re not up against that, we’re not bumping against it. We are very happy with the concept and allocation of capital to this activity and we don't think it eclipses other fantastic growth opportunities for the company. If you look over the last five years, we have allocated 60 to 65% of the cash generated by the company to the incredible products that you see coming forth, and you know whether it's Avengers, whether it's theme park product, cruise ships, these are the kinds of things that we know we can get higher returns on and we will continue to seek those out. History of our company has been growth through acquisition. If you look at the acquisitions we’ve made from Marvel and back, Playdom and the others, we feel very, very strong about the returns in that. We allocate we think the right amount of money to invest in our television networks. The Disney Channel is proof of that. Some of the great series you see coming out of ABC last year and I hope again this year. We’ll show that this is first and foremost what we want to do, but it does leave us the opportunity to return capital to shareholders and we are determined to allocate a sizable portion of the cash we generate through that. If you look over the last the last few years it's been 20 to 25%. No reason to think differently about that.
Bob Iger: We think Avengers is a strong property. It's not as strong as Cars from the CP front, but that's the strongest that we’ve ever had. I think it's important to note that you can't look at one of these properties in terms of it franchise quality or strength in one quarter. The Avengers is probably a good example of that, because we have to look at it through the release of DVD which is late this September and obviously that takes as well in to Christmas and because the Avengers incorporates Iron Man, Thor, Captain America and the Hulk, we basically are selling products against all those characters and we’ll be selling it when those are the movies, certainly Iron Man, Thor and Captain America come out. So, this is kind of a long-term proposition; Avengers not as strong as Cars but until when the DVD comes out and we get into the Christmas season, it's way too early to assess this and we have high hopes for not only the films from the individual characters that appear in the movie but that in for the sequel which will come out at a time we haven’t announced yet.
Bob Iger: I want to just provide some perspective on affiliate rate increases, because I know this has gotten some attention this last few weeks, not just for us but across the media sector. When we give a figure of high single-digits, which Jay just gave, you are looking at a blended rate of all of our networks, obviously including ESPN. Because of the size of ESPN sub fees, as you know, we’ve been cautious about how we increase those rates in these new deals that we make given the fact that the fees for ESPN are as high they are, we’re increasing rates on such a high base. The pricing that we get is probably the strongest in terms of a percentage increase is from the other networks led by the Disney Channel. So, we’re getting tremendous price growth in some of the other channels and decent growth in ESPN, but albeit on a very, very high base.
Bob Iger: Well first of all the Disney Channel programming appears on over 100 channels worldwide and many of those channels are advertised supported, so the strength of these shows while they only show up primarily in the U.S. against the sub fees, they do drive advertising in other markets around the world. The other thing that's important is, we manage these properties across businesses and we leverage their success across businesses. So, if you look at Phineas and Ferb which is a mammoth success on the Disney Channel in the U.S., that has being leveraged as a franchise across a variety of different company businesses. I’ll note the tremendous success of a recent mobile game for instance is one example, Consumer Products being another one and publishing, the fact that it will show up in the products in fact that we have a movie in development against Phineas and Ferb. So, we’re monetizing because of the Disney branded nature of these properties. We’re managing these successful properties, the way we manage successful properties out of the studio as franchises.
Bob Iger: And by the way as it relates to the Olympics and ESPN, it made a decision at the upfront to sell deeply into this current quarter at the upfront so that they would leave themselves less vulnerable to the competitive forces of the Olympics from an advertising perspective. So, even though the Olympics are siphoning some money out of the marketplace particularly with strong ratings, ESPN was fully prepared for a quarter that would be impacted negatively by the Olympics by selling deeper into the upfront. I should also say that their sales for their Fall premier product notable college football and pro football are very, very strong and very, very encouraging. On the international front, ESPN’s track record internationally has not really delivered the kind of bottom-line results that we would have liked or expected and as we look forward, we did not see the kind of growth engine from ESPN internationally and so we have approached it somewhat more conservatively. The bid that we made for instance for Premier League was we considered to be a rational bid to try to turn ESPN's business in the U.K. into a profitable business and we are outbid by very, very powerful local distributor adding really not only impossible to compete with them, but it made no sense for us to do so because it simply would not have benefited our bottom line. Asia a different story, well those we look long-term at that JV. We didn't think we would drive great growth for the company. It was also a partnership with News Corp. and every once in a while the partnerships even though we had a good one with News Corp., you have a different point of view about the future or the direction of the business and both entities felt that it would be better to go off individually and so we decided basically with News Corp. being very interested to sell our interest back to them and to pursue other markets for ESPN and internationally notably Latin America. Well we do think that we have a path well we are profitable today and we have a path to growth long-term.
Bob Iger: I would express nothing but bullishness about ESPN’s ad prospect certainly number of months maybe for the next year, live sports is still very much in demand. I think the Olympics proved that a high quality live sports events still attract large audiences and are of great interest to a variety of different advertisers. So, you have sort of multiple sectors. They had a strong upfront. By the way, as at ABC selling roughly 80% of its inventory in the upfront at increased rates. So, I think we feel generally speaking good about the market and not huge visibility, but this is what we are seeing I think we’re positive particularly on the ESPN front.
Bob Iger: To the point you made, we feel good about Brave, it's just under 225 million domestically and we put a character in the marketplace that is clearly very, very popular and has long legs, no pun intended, in terms of franchise ability. We’ve instructed Pixar to make great movies. That's their primary priority, tell great stories and if we get good franchises out of them that's great for the company. But we're not taking a check boxes approach to how we develop. That said they do have properties in the marketplace that we really believe in. The sequel to Monsters, which comes out in 2013 would be one very good example of that. It's also kind of tough to compare things to Toy Story since that was the number one grossing animated film box office ever. What we have instructed Pixar to do is to continuing doing what they’ve been doing all along and doing quite well, which is find great characters, tell great stories and when we have got one that can me mine the way Toy Story was or Cars was or some of the other properties and certainly Nemo was onto that category. Monster then we should make the film then we should leverage it, but by and large we want to make good movies tell great stories first.
Bob Iger: Sure. We’re very encouraged by the apps that we launched through Comcast and the app, the ESPN app that was launched by Time Warner about a year earlier. The take up rate in terms of downloading the app and ultimately authenticating has been impressive and what's really impressive particularly from the Disney Channel side is the number of shows that have been viewed on that app. This proves a number of things to us. One, the power of mobile media, clearly the device mostly, the tablet to some extent the smartphone is a device that people are willing to watch a long-form video on particularly kids and that's very encouraging. What we've got here is a model that benefits the consumer, because it gives the consumer more ways to access the programs conveniently. It benefits the distributor, because we are protecting the business model because of the need to be a multichannel subscriber and it certainly benefits us. So, I think we will do more deals like the one that we did with Comcast. There is a veritable queue of distributors that would like to launch these apps, but we are willing to launch them as part of overall extensions of omnibus deals that we’ve done with them, with the deals that we’ve done for the channel and not just allow distributors to launch them basically outside of the format of an extension of our deal. On the monetization front, we are working on technology that we expect to implement probably this fall for ESPN and for the Disney branded apps to embed advertising that is discrete to these apps both on the VOD front so that when they watch an episode, but also in terms of streaming of the channel and so we have an opportunity we believe not just to use these apps to increase the value of the multichannel ecosystem, but ultimately to drive greater revenue through advertising.
Bob Iger: Todd, you are right. We had a very strong Kids Upfront driven by Disney XD primarily because we’ve got real growth in ratings and the strength of the programming in that channel as well as Disney Junior is enabling us to monetize at a faster pace, robust pace and to take market share. That said our position in the marketplace is relatively small, but as we said earlier in this call, we don't sell advertising on the Disney Channel. So we're driving advertising in relatively smaller channels, but we've definitely seeing strength there and real growth and we look forward to continuing to grow these channels both in terms of subscription fees from increased distribution, but also from increased advertising which is due to the popularity of the programs and the channels themselves.
Bob Iger: To my knowledge, they are not building a theme park in Shanghai. They are building some form an entertainment center and it was described in the release more of a theater district. That get to suppose to include practical theater as well as movie theater and some other forms of tourist attractions, but it is not being characterized at the theme park and is not being capitalized; mainly investment is nothing close to what it would take to build the theme park. This is more I think theater venues and retail that is entertainment based than theme park.
Bob Iger: You are right on your first assertion which we do not have plans to consolidate it and I don't really want to comment on anything regarding our relationship with our partners with Hearst.
Bob Iger: We do. Our strategy in the games front is to diversify modest investments in console, investment in mobile and investment in social. We’ve actually grown share a bit on the social front lately. Our exposure is less than some of the big competitors in that space namely one big competitor in the space and we’ve actually seen some interesting growth, thanks to the new Facebook App Center that was launched recently where we’re getting access to customers, Facebook users of Facebook for marketing purposes that we didn't have before. If you check the apps that are around, if you play social games, you will note that you will be marketed to by friends or through friends who are playing social games and you will be marketed from companies that create games because of the games you may have already played. And so we’re getting access to a marketing platform that we actually believe is encouraging. The other thing to note is there is still growth in Facebook in terms of number of users and the numbers in terms of how much time Facebook users spend playing games are staggering. And so we still believe in that business, but our investment is relatively modest in the space. I think we launch about 10 games this year, a lot of them are based on Disney-owned IP which we believe gives us, not necessarily [advantage], but an interesting way in to that space. So we feel relatively good about it. It's not a huge business for us, but it's one that we’re going to continue to be in.
Bob Iger: Jay gave forward pacing on our bookings, hotel bookings. As you know, we have three hotels at Disney Land Resort, I'll compare with many, many rooms in Orlando. So, it's relatively small in the scheme of things, but pacing of bookies for the California resorts substantial ahead of the pacing for the Florida resort that they would be substantially more volume and it's being driven we believe completely by the investment we made a California Adventure not that Disneyland isn't still driving attendance, still very, very high quality experience. The numbers that we see at California Adventure are extremely impressive. I mentioned one which is about 50% of the attendance of total resort is now going to California Adventure up from 25%. The guest satisfaction level is huge particularly on the major attraction, where I think the people who are riding the primary attraction they were 100% intent on riding it again. We have huge satisfaction and higher spending on merchandise and food and beverage as well and we raised our ticket prices. So, it all is very, very good news and bodes well for the future.
Bob Iger: We definitely see it is more than a branding opportunity. The agreement that we have with them for basically the Disney brand at our kids-oriented channel is the following. We put basically YouTube curated by Disney on Disney.com. That will be even more evident when we relaunch Disney.com later this year and we sell that advertising and then we curate the channel on the YouTube platform and we share that revenue with YouTube. So we think that given some of the number that we’ve seen through the basically the beta that we have launched already that is an opportunity to increase consumption, increase revenue from that and also use it to drive more users to Disney.com and to increase the value as a marketing platform. So it has multiple effects and we’ve not been specific about the nature of the investment but it is modest.
