Robert Iger: Ben, when we think about those two businesses Marvel and Star Wars, we think about them as more than just films and film franchises, we look at them across multiple businesses and with different basically creative strategies in mind. So just as a, for instance, in both cases while they are continue -- it will continue to be films either in development or in production, there is a lot of activity on the television front. Star Wars has three television series, there are in varying forms of production and more in development for Disney+ and Marvel has many more so, while in the Star Wars case, Star Wars 9 which comes out this December will be the last of the Skywalker Saga, and we'll go into a hiatus for a few years before the next Star Wars feature there'll be a lot of creative activity in the interim. In Marvel's case, I'll call it in the post Avengers world, it doesn't mean there aren't films that are being made the characters from The Avengers back we have Black Widow coming out in fiscal '20, and Thor 4 movie in the works. And I could go on and on. We also are mining other characters and character like Eternals. So as we look at these businesses, they're film business and they're TV businesses, they are still big Consumer products drivers and more and more they have a greater presence of Parks and Resorts. And we feel really good about both the creative direction, but also the commercial direction.
Robert Iger: Well, Hulu is a significant driver of advertising revenue and we will continue to be particularly, as we grow Hulu out to essentially the guidance that we had given back in Investor Day, that basically ad supported Hulu has very high ARPU, which is one of the reasons, Alexia, that it's being bundled with ESPN+ and Disney+ for that $12.99 price, because the value of an ad supported Hulu subscriber given the advertising revenue that it drives is very, very high. ESPN, there are also opportunities for growth, but probably the biggest opportunity is on the Hulu front. On your first question, just in terms of color regarding Disney+ and presales, we're not giving any specifics. Consumers were drawn to basically the marketing messages that we had out there, which is a reaction to the brands and the content both library product and original product that's coming. Clearly, the price was met with a great enthusiasm one consumers, not just the single month price but I guess what we are really selling was the three-year subscription, which is a big deal for us in terms of lowering churn. We're still relatively small in terms of the scope of things in terms of number of subscribers. But I think the best way for me to characterize it would be to say that we are enthusiastic about what we saw the consumer reaction to be. We certainly feel good about the product that's going into the marketplace next week and we'll know a lot more in just a few days. But it was good. And I should also say I said in my comments, the Netherlands launch was also very, very positive. And what was positive there were a few things, not just the fact that there was an enthusiasm for the service, but we had a good sense about how people were using it and what people were using it. The demographics were far broader than a lot of people expected them to be. This is well beyond kids and family, clearly where this is a four quadrant product, with adult men and women as well as kids families watching or using the service. We also saw that people's interest in the product itself was very, very broad meaning across all of the brands, wasn't a specific and that also bodes very well, and we learn that some of the features including the 4K , the HDR movies we're very, very popular. The fact that you can have four concurrent live streams also very popular, the personalization was also quite popular and most importantly, the ability to download without restriction was very, very popular.
Robert Iger: On the international side, we will have more to say after the first of the year where we're working through the formulation of the strategy in terms of what markets when, it's complicated in terms of our -- you need to make sure that we have the right product in all the markets that we launch in and to be locally relevant and locally compliance in terms of some of the rules and regulations. So I don't have much more to say there. Obviously, we have opportunities and we're going to pursue them. I mentioned Searchlight briefly in the call. Searchlight is actually developing some original content for Hulu. The Searchlight and the Fox movie studios has had an output deal with HBO that runs for a few more years. I think eventually is likely that the output would move to Hulu, but it's premature right now to speculate. What I mostly talked about in the call, as you know, Michael, is the fact that we're creating a huge FX presence on Hulu and what that means is that FX is producing original programming for will original exclusive programming and also moving FX library, some 40 series and over 1,600 episodes on Hulu, and we're making available current shows that air on FX available on Hulu within hours after the air, as we do with traditional network shows.
Robert Iger: Doug. The answer to your first question is, I'm not aware that there is an office pool and if there is an office pool. I'm not participating in and it and I don't intend to. On the sports side, as I look at it -- what ESPN+ is teaching us is that the opportunity for the company with sports is probably multi-platform. What I mean by that is, I think you continue to see ESPN available through essentially the multi-pack, multi-channel bundle on cable and satellite platforms, you'll see it available on a direct-to-consumer basis on ESPN+, which we intend to grow both in terms of the product that is on and obviously in terms of the subs. And I think you're likely to see more sports on ABC as the value of live grows on the live basically linear channels. So as we look long-term in sports, we look at basically making sports available to the consumer on the live traditional network on ESPN and on ESPN+, we think that would be a good way now only to reach more consumers, but the monetize cost -- like the acquisition of Sports Program rights in the best possible way.
Robert Iger: I'll take the second part of your question first. Price increases at the parks, it really, we don't look at it just as increases. We look at it as an overall strategy that as Christine said in our comments is designed to basically grow yields or yield management. We're trying to basically increase the Park experienced by spreading demand out. And by making the products more affordable during periods of time that basically lower peak periods and obviously more expensive during peak periods to limit the number of people that go in. There was, we believe that there were some delayed visited there was some visitation to Galaxy's Edge both the Disney Land and it Disney World people waiting for the second, you take it attraction to open it opens in less than a month in Disney World and will open in January at Disneyland. So, we sense that there are people that are just waiting for the whole thing to be open, which is fine. The meantime those two lands have been far more successful than been reported they've had a significant lift on per caps and merchandise and food and beverage as a for instance, just to give you one crazy stat but Millennium Falcon attractions carried over 1.7 million people already since they've opened across both places. So -- and the guest experience guest satisfaction, very, very high and right availability retraction availability in the high 90s that basically means that it's very, very complex technological attraction is running really well. The first part of your question regarding Disney+, we're certainly absolutely will be made available in most traditional app selling locate stores or platforms. I don't have comment on access to consumer data if the MVPDs are distributing it or selling it. We do have access to some data obviously following both the law on some of the other platforms including Verizon as a, for instance, but I just don't have the answer to the question if it's sold on -- by MVPD. As you know, we did announced today that would deal with Amazon and they are added to a long list of other distributors including Apple and Samsung and Google and Microsoft and LG, and others.
Robert Iger: Your first question, we believe that we're confident that we're really ready for scale that BAMTech platform has been tested under pretty interesting circumstance including this past Saturday night when you have hundreds of thousands of people signing up for a pay-per-view event in a very, very short concentrated period of time. We believe that the people who are signing up for Disney+ will not sign up. It is concentrated away. Now there will be many more of them. We certainly hope. But we feel that the platform is robust enough and then all the elements that need to be in place to manage that kind of scale are there. The second part of your question was …
Robert Iger: Yes, the wholesale agreement, we're not prepared to give you any more information about that, but I can say that the deal is positive for us from an economic perspective, because it's just not being given away. In other words, we're not just giving it away. We're getting paid a certain amount for it, but I won't get into specifics regarding that. And then the last part, I think we have an interesting opportunity here to use our, both our platforms. I know in a variety of different ways including with live sports and not just take sort of a one platform approach or two platform, but to really look at the different ways this company can now reach consumers and we've done that with simultaneous coverage of say that NFL draft would probably be a great example of that. We have a very unique as a company right now in terms of these multiple platforms that in some respects is unrivaled that launch of Disney+ went a long way to us reaching more customers in a different way. When you add that to ESPN and it's channels and you add that to ABC, that's an opportunity, I think you have to also look at the opportunities we have our other programming as well. The Fox acquisition brought with it some great creative talent and some very, very successful television studios or production entities, which gives us the ability to produce more and on more of our programming. When we then take that programming and put it on ABC and our other live linear channels like Freeform FX Disney Channel, and then we move it through a system that ultimately ends up on SVOD or Hulu or Disney+, for that matter. That's an extraordinary way to reach more consumers and to monetize our investment in this product in a much more effective way and it does give us a competitive advantage of sorts, to other companies we're competing with who don't have as many platforms or as many ways to both monetize product or reach consumers.
Robert Iger: Well, the second part of your question, I don't think any of these are niche apps necessarily. And I think what we're trying to do as a company is not to look at the apps as entities unto themselves, but look at the apps as part of a broader production creativity distribution monetization play. What I mean by that is if you look at Disney or Disney+, you obviously films that are monetized and two windows. First, one of the theatrical window then what I'll call the home video window and then they move on to this SVOD platform and it's also, -- which is also a place monetizing the vast library. The same thing can be said for the television programming that we're creating, although a lot of it for Disney+ will be original or exclusive to Disney+, is nothing to be -- although there's nothing to keep us from then putting some of it on maybe a Disney Channel down the road, but we're not looking at any of these an isolated way I talk about Hulu. But I also talked about it in the context of ABC of FX and at Freeform; interestingly enough, if you look at current viewing patterns of some of our hit shows on ABC Grey's Anatomies, a good doctor would be two examples. There are ABC live they go through that Live Plus 3, Live Plus 7 or Live Plus 8 cycle, ultimately they end up on Hulu. By the end of the run of a show after one month, often these shows have tripled in terms of their consumption once they're made available on Hulu and that's only a month. It could be on Hulu for years to come. So again, I think the second part of your question, Jason, again, we're not looking at any of them an isolated form right now. As it relates to your first question, which I guess is consumer choice, consumer confusion. I think a lot about it as it relates to though website consumption patterns and even the current app patterns where no two people use the same websites of the same set of apps. The top out there is and obviously a lot of overlap with the most popular ones and then there's a lot of fragmentation. I think you're going to see that in these of good video-centric or program-centric apps where they're going to be halves and lesser halves. They're going to be a lot of them available and they'll have varying levels of consumption and the viewer, or the consumer will be able to navigate basically relatively easily because they're easily too easy to find, hopefully they will be easy to buy or use and they will be easy essentially place on mobile devices and on desktops and I actually think that if you're thinking about just these TV and movie apps or whatever you want to describe them, they're probably going to be fewer of them. Then there are apps for games and apps for everything else that you're doing internally use. So it's not a concern.
Robert Iger: I do believe though that brands will matter as we've been saying as a company for a long time and if you're in a list of choice for sports and you have ESPN on as your name or other kind of product and says Disney or the other brands, I think that immediately rises to the top of the list in terms of consumers interest and because of the recognition factor and they trust, they have in these brands.
Robert Iger: Then before I answer your question, I just wanted to clarify two things. By number -- on the number of people or the carriers -- who have been carried on the Millennium Falcon attraction was way low usually I pride myself on being right with statistics; it's 5 million not 1.7 million. And secondly, we will have access to significant amount of user data when people use our apps that have been purchased through MVPD. To your question about MVPD renewals, I can say that we have reached a deal in principle with AT&T and we're in the process of papering that which is significant in terms of our progress. We've been candid and transparent about sub trends, as Christine mentioned updating that today. There has been sort of continued erosion in abated somewhat last year it's gone a bit now. We can't predict where that goes, we just feel that as a company, the MVPD platform is still very important to us and very valuable to us and I think quite viable as well I happen to believe long term that people will be interested in lesser channel -- less channels. It doesn't mean that they don't subscribe at all to multi-channel services. But I think the trend will be in the direction of fewer channels rather than as many or certainly more and that's where the app business could benefit because I think people will buy into the app side of it and maintain some channel relationship, but I don't know what the floor is and nor do I think, the floor is anything close to being side . But we're looking at again holistically across all of our businesses in the platforms with an eye toward the broadest monetization and consumption.
Robert Iger: Steven, we're facing which is obviously an extraordinarily competitive marketplace for talent and television and films that's just not just creative and producing and writing and directing talent, but acting talent as well. It's a good time to be on that side of the business. We're making deals selectively based on both the talent of the people involved, but also the cost. We're trying to be mindful of the need both to fuel our platforms with enough high-quality talent, while at the same time managing the bottom line. We're not changing our guidance in terms of when we believe that these DTC businesses will achieve profitability and that's based on what we think is a reasonable amount of original content that will be made for these platforms at a cost at least today's world that we think is deliverable.
Christine McCarthy: And Ben, this is Christine. On the guidance question regarding the guidance that we provided in April at the Investor Day, it's fair to say that all of the guidance and that goes across the three platforms, Disney+, ESPN+ and Hulu is still as it was. We haven't made any changes to that. And having gone through the planning process for fiscal '20 we feel really good about fiscal '20 and achieving the goals that we've set.
Christine McCarthy: So your question on subs and what will be disclosing on a go-forward basis. As we said at Investor Day, and all the conversations we've had with analysts and investors. Since then, we intend to be very transparent as it relates to our DTC business and the sub counts are going to be something we know people will be interested in. So we will be providing by the different platforms subs by those platforms and because we'll be launching domestically, obviously we expect Disney+ domestically to have a head start on any of the international markets. But as we go into the international markets, recognizing that it's not a big bang approach to launching all at the same time there, will be a roll out there, but we'll give you enough guidance. So you can look at the success of the rollout.
Christine McCarthy: So what we said about Fox dilution is we are reiterating that we will be accretive in fiscal 2021 and we haven't gone into any more specifics that.
Christine McCarthy: So, Dan, on the rating agencies, we do have an active dialog with the agencies, it's the combination of me, the IR team and our treasury team and we keep them very up to date on our plans as well as our performance. We have a schedule. We're going to see them a couple of times a year. We're planning on that shortly. We'll go back and see them but we -- I think people saw that we had a significant a bond offering in August, a $7 billion bond offering. So the ratings were affirmed at that time. Across all three agencies as mid-single A and if you look at our leverage at the end of this quarter, you can calculate it, it comes in around 2.7 on a gross and about a 0.3 turn less on a net basis. And although the agencies make some adjustments to those calculations, suffice it to say that even when they calculate, using their adjustments, the agencies are still well below 3 times.
Christine McCarthy: Steve, on domestic parks, we still feel very good about the demand for our domestic parks product. We do a lot of research in our parks business of guest satisfaction is something that we track when people come and they are intend to return. And also we have metrics that look out year-over-year what the booking trends are. And as I mentioned in my prepared comments, our booked rates at our domestic hotels are currently pacing up 5% versus prior year. So given everything that we've talked about previously, especially as it relates to Star Wars Galaxy's Edge and the complete opening of that land in both world and Disneyland, we feel really good about the momentum we have going into '19 domestic parks.
