Robert A. Iger: Sure. Thanks, Ben. On the first question, we think that there's ample room for expansion. It will come from multiple directions. One, I mean, expense, I'm talking about growth, obviously the bottom line. One will come from expansion. As you know, we are building out all of our parks, including the Toy Story Lands is about to open in Florida, the one that just opened in Shanghai, the cruise ships, the two Star Wars Lands, multiple hotels around the world, new lands in places like Paris and Tokyo, and I could go on. So that's one. Two, we believe that the use of our IP, which is part of a lot of this expansion, creates growth. And, of course, the more popular our IP is, the more in demand is at our parks. Another opportunity is in pricing. As we build out these experiences in terms of scope and scale, but also as we make them better experiences using technology to do things like book attractions in advance, et cetera, we believe that gives us pricing leverage that comes from simply delivering a better experience. And the last is that business has been great at running under very, very efficient circumstances. And while we're not going to promise continued margin expansion, we certainly believe that that opportunity exists. So we feel, overall, great about the future of this business, particularly by the way as we get to build out some of the newer parks, Shanghai being probably the best example of that. On the second question, we announced, as you suggested, the two new digital products – the ESPN+ product and the Disney product – well in advance of the Fox acquisition. So neither one is dependent upon that acquisition. Both are capable of taking advantage of some of the assets we'll be buying as part of that acquisition. On the sports front, the regional sports networks. And then on the Disney front, we think there's some great opportunities for Nat Geo and some of the other Fox properties to be part of the Disney family direct-to-consumer proposition. But that largely is going to be anchored by Disney, Marvel, Pixar and Star Wars, so not dependent at all on the assets that we're buying from Fox. Of course, we end up in this acquisition owning 60% of Hulu, and it is our intention to continue to fuel Hulu with more original programming. And much of that original programming will come from the assets of both Disney and Fox. Think FX as one example, Searchlight is another, it's using some of the other Fox intellectual property. But I'd say, when we announced a year ago, we were not talking about Hulu, we were talking about these two new properties. And again, neither is dependent upon, but stands to benefit from the Fox acquisition.
Robert A. Iger: The first part, we are not going to give you statistics except on ESPN+, except to say that so far so good. A number of people have signed up, obviously, for the trial and our conversion rates have been good so far. Most importantly, the technology is working, the user interface is considered good, the fan reaction has been quite strong. We're going to continue to improve it. There is always opportunity to get better, and that's what we'll do. But basically I give it a so far so good. I watched – not on a WiFi connection, but I watched the other day a live Yankee game basically while I was sitting in my car the quality was fantastic. And I found that as I customize it with my favorite teams, et cetera, and so on, that is serving me and my sports interest quite well and I assume that's the case with our consumers. We did announce today the acquisition of the UFC events starting in 2019 for five years. That's a start. We intend to continue to invest in buying product that is original, whether it's specific for the app both live sports and non-live sports. We've also moved some products over there and put some library products over there, and we think that there is a lot of opportunity for us to continue to fuel that experience with product you don't get to see on the linear network. Just as a for instance, we've launched the equivalent of a short SportsCenter that Scott Van Pelt is doing that will be available on a daily basis. So there's a lot of opportunity, and we're going to continue to invest. On the Disney front, we're in right now the process of creating a lot of original content. We're launching in late-2019. That's to wait for some of our movie output to become available once the Netflix deal expires, and also to give us an opportunity to ramp up some of the original content that we're creating for it. And we've said a few times, we're going to get more specific about that as we get closer. But we're producing right now content for it, original content that is Pixar branded, Marvel branded, Star Wars branded and Disney branded. And we are feeling quite good about the direction that we're headed there. In the Disney case, we're looking for quality over quantity. We're not looking for essentially massive amounts of content. We're looking for high-quality content utilizing those brands and the franchise and the characters that fall under those brands. Right now, I feel good about both.
Robert A. Iger: I'll answer the second part first. We think that there's opportunity to expand in China, and there may also be opportunities in other parts of the world. We are constantly engaging in conversations with people from different markets who would love us to put Disneyland in their market. We're going to take a look at some of them because of the population base that lives in those markets, and consider all the factors that we typically have consider which are things like economic and political stability, spendable income, other infrastructure issues, you name it. But I'd say that there's an inevitability to us of building parks in other countries, but it doesn't necessarily mean that we're going to build something anytime very soon. But we're going to look. On the first question, when we were considering the best way to integrate the Fox assets, we asked ourselves how best to organize the company. And one of the things that we looked at was how some of the new entrants in the marketplace are organized. And you typically find – Netflix is a good example. They have global platforms that their content is basically distributed on. And that includes global means of managing customers, data management billing, customer acquisition, customer retention, you name it. It's essentially one technology. And I then thought, if all of these assets were to come together today from day one and in fact on day one without any of the legacy organizational issues, how would you best organize them? And it became clear that we could be organized, not only in a more efficient way, but in a more modern way to take into account how our businesses have been transformed by technology. And that led to a decision to reorganize now well ahead of the Fox acquisition, because if it made sense once we buy Fox, it seemed to make sense even before that. So what we basically did is we have three primary content divisions: one I'll call Media Networks or television; another one would be sports, ESPN; and the third is the Studio. The Fox assets would plug into all three of those. Then there was a division that was mostly focused on physical goods and experiences, where there were some obvious synergies and overlap in efficiencies really between Consumer Products and Parks and Resorts. And then we looked at creating essentially a global platform of distribution business that would include technology and would ultimately leverage the technologies that exist across the globe and across our current businesses, but then factor in the technologies that exist in the assets that we are acquiring. And it seemed to make sense that international become part of that part because as part of the acquisition there are two big platforms, Sky and Star, that are part of that. And so, if this acquisition happens, it seemed to make sense that the international assets and I'll call the platform assets are in one business. So there's just a lot of efficiencies in managing the way we take all this IP to customers around the world. It's our intention to create great user experience and in an efficient way, not only with our moving the content to people, but an effective way of monetizing it. And it really dovetails with exactly why we're interested in these assets, which is to continue as a company to invest and then to create great products and experiences around the world, to invest in great technology, to make it more modern and more innovative in terms of how customers interface with it, and diversify the company internationally.
Robert A. Iger: Well, we've got right now the Marvel films that we've announced is we have Ant-Man and The Wasp coming up, and then we have Captain Marvel, and then we have the fourth installment of Avengers which will be May of 2019. We meet on a regular basis with our Marvel team, and we plotted out Marvel movies that will take us well into the next decade. We're confident that with the 7,000 some odd characters that are part of the Marvel universe that there's plenty stories and characters to mine from and have some great ideas. I'm guessing that we will try our hand at what I'll call a new franchise beyond Avengers, but it doesn't necessarily mean that you won't see more Avengers down the road. We just haven't made any announcements about that. The goal, of course, was for the fourth Avengers series to have a significant conclusion. But given the popularity of the characters and given the popularity of the franchise, I don't think people should conclude that there'll never be another Avengers movie. But there's certainly a lot more that we can – a lot more stories to tell, a lot more characters to populate those stories with.
Robert A. Iger: The marketing strategy for ESPN+ is relatively modest in nature. We have primarily resorted to using time and the marketing opportunity on the ESPN platforms, including the channels, the magazine, the websites, and the existing app. ESPN Digital is the most popular sports digital product out there. It dwarfs some of the competition, and that gave us ample opportunity to promote basically what is a new app experience. So the marketing costs are modest. There is some investment in additional programming prior to launch, but we made more investment with the announcement of UFC. That doesn't come until 2019, and we're going to continue to invest in product to make ESPN+ a real digital sports marketplace. We're not going to give you specifics about the size of the Toy Story Land, but it marked a substantial increase or expansion of that park, building a new land. It's not as large, by the way, as the Toy Story Land that we're opening this summer in Orlando. But having been there last week, it's sizable in nature. It's got some great attractions, retail and dining experiences. And, I'll call it, it makes a dent in terms of scale of the park. But we have ample opportunity to grow Shanghai Disneyland beyond what we've already built.
Robert A. Iger: On the content side, we are fully committed, and I want to emphasize the use of the word fully, to not only bringing this product out to market, but making sure its success long-term. Long-term is the operative word to use here. Because in order for this to be successful long-term, it has to become the destination to watch Disney, Marvel, Star Wars and Pixar product. And that means, ultimately, winning ourselves of product being available any other place except for the current linear channels that are in the marketplace. So this will become the destination globally for our movie library and our television library. And we certainly hope to augment the product with some of the product we will be buying with the 21st Century Fox acquisition, Nat Geo comes to mind as a perfect opportunity for what would be a more family-oriented app. But we are committed to this working and that will mean both making product that is original for this app, but also migrating all of our other product that exists on many other platforms that are distributed and monetized by third parties available on an exclusive basis through this app.
Robert A. Iger: Look, we are buying the 39% of Sky that is part of 21st Century Fox's assets, and we know they're attempting to buy the remaining 61% that should they be successful we would step into their shoes and on the whole thing. We value Sky, obviously. We're certainly impressed by the talent that is there and the quality of the product. Actually, we're particularly impressed with the quality of their customer experience, the user experience and the customer service they provide. And that's certainly something that Disney can appreciate, given our record of providing high-quality customer service. I'm not going to anyway quantify what the strategic fit is except to say that in today's world a platform that can bring product to consumers in very, very user-friendly and effective ways and then to monetize this in the process is something that we believe is attractive. And we're not going to provide any update. And your other question, we've got – I don't think we've got – we're not going to address that.
Robert A. Iger: Yes, Kannan. On the first question, the technology, when we acquired BAMTech, that provided us with a technology that we needed to launch ESPN+. And so, the cost associated with that – we were quite transparent when we announced the deal and the cost associated with that. And Christine actually commented about them I think in her earnings call are already baked into this from a technology perspective. And then on the second part of the question, our goal here is to create a sports marketplace on ESPN+ and that will include a number of sports that we've already licensed and sports that we are in the process of licensing, including the deal that we announced today, as well as some of the sports that we would be acquiring as part of the 21st Century Fox acquisition and then there are opportunities to license beyond what we've already done.
Christine M. McCarthy: On the upfront, Jessica, we feel really good about where we are with both the ABC properties, as well as the Disney television group, as well as ESPN as we enter those. Right now where we see the season to-date, we've got good ratings momentum with a couple of new shows, American Idol as well as Roseanne. And we feel really good about the other shows that we'll be presenting next week. One of the things that is different is about a year ago we consolidated the ad buying or the ad selling through our Disney-ABC Television Group. So this is the upfront that they're up and running as a single sales entity. So we think that's also going to help our upfront sales.
Christine M. McCarthy: Hey. And, Alexia, I'm going to add just a comment on Avengers. I think the outstanding performance is nothing short of stellar. But there is one difference in this movie versus some of the others, I'll just point to the most recent one, Black Panther, and that's the size of the cast. When you think about – if you've seen it, you've seen a couple of dozen Avengers in the movie. So because of the size of the cast involved and the cost of the movie and all the special effects, the scale, the magnitude, while this film is going to be very profitable, it may not be at the same return level of some of the other films just because of the sheer scale of it.
Christine M. McCarthy: For Consumer Products, this was one of four Marvel releases this year along with Thor, Black Panther and, as Bob mentioned, the upcoming Ant-Man. But this is the largest property from a Consumer Products perspective, so we do expect this to perform well for the balance of the year.
Christine M. McCarthy: Okay. Todd, I'll take the advertising question first for ESPN. In my comments I did mention that quarter-to-date it was pacing down 1%. That was rounded up to 1%. So where we are with the NBA Finals with the teams that are remaining and what we anticipate being the Eastern Conference Final, we feel really good about the prospects of advertising performing well in the balance of this quarter.
Christine M. McCarthy: No. You're absolutely right that free cash flow is very strong. But what we've said is that we would buy 10 billion by the time that the Fox transaction closed. But as it relates to this year, we've got no change to make it this time.
Christine M. McCarthy: Yeah, Kannan. Just to put some numbers around the technology investment, and this is BAMTech total, but a lot of this is for their technology platforms. Back in November, we told you that it would have an impact on 2018 of about $130 million and we have said that that will now be $50 million more. So the estimate for the full year was $180 million, and $100 million of that will be next quarter. But a lot of that is technology investment among other expenses related to BAMTech.
