Robert A. Iger: Okay. Regarding your first question, there is nothing that I would either retract or in any way change. To just reiterate what we did, we updated guidance that we had given in 2014 about ESPN sub-fees, and that guidance holds today. We also decided to be candid, I think maybe refreshingly so, about what the industry was experiencing in terms of sub losses during roughly the last period. And we feel that there certainly should be no reason to panic over comments like that. The fact remains that we're in an environment today that's definitely changing, it's different than the environment before, there's a lot more competition for people's time. With that interestingly enough, we have an opportunity to distribute our content in many different ways than we ever have before – in more different ways than we ever have before. So, there's not only a silver lining, but there's a glass-half-full perspective on this and that's what we have. We also know specifically, related to ESPN that not only is the brand strong, which is evidenced, by the way in the ratings, 50 of the top cable shows in fiscal 2015 – of the 50 top cable shows in fiscal 2015, 26 were ESPN's. And in addition to that, live television and live sports, in particular, is incredibly strong in this environment. Demand for it has probably never been greater, interestingly enough. So that's I guess a long way around my saying that we don't have anything to really add to the comments that we made. We feel bullish about ESPN and ESPN's business. We like the environment, because we think long-term it gives us more opportunities. I should also add that ESPN has been at the forefront of using technology to create more compelling product for its consumers and to be present on more platforms. In terms of your second question, Michael, we really don't comment specifically about aspects of the negotiations or the deals that we have with the multichannel distributors. I can only say, specifically related to your question that that article was not factually correct.
Robert A. Iger: Regarding Shanghai, we haven't really changed expectations, I think, about anything, except that from the time that we broke ground until now, we did decide to build a larger park for opening, and with that came a delay in terms of when it would open. I think we initially anticipated it would open in the latter part of this calendar year. And once we decided to build a larger park, which we're glad about, we pushed it into 2016. What we're currently thinking is that it will open sometime in the spring of 2016. And we're guessing that sometime between now and the end of this calendar year, we'll announce an opening date. We feel great about what we're building and we still feel great about the market. We continue to be impressed with the buzz that we see whenever we go to China. You're right, we were there last week and three weeks before that and it is in fact the talk of the town. And we think for good reason; not only is it highly anticipated as a product, but interest in Disney is significantly higher now than it's ever been, thanks in part to the growth in the movie industry. So we think this is a big event. We love what it represents on many levels. More than anything else we think it's a great opportunity for us to grow our business in Asia; and particularly, in China, and with the experience we expect to deliver with what we're building, we think it's going to open up the door for even more opportunities there, both in Shanghai and around China.
Robert A. Iger: Regarding the decision we made on How to Get Away with Murder and the relationship with Netflix, we've had a good relationship with Netflix. They've been extremely aggressive buyers of our content. A movie deal kicks in starting in 2016, and they've bought both original programming, the Marvel program is a good example and a lot of off-network programming from us. And those decisions were all made to monetize our content at the highest levels. In fact, as I've said, we've never seen greater demand for our content than we're seeing today. I think it's really important for us – I can't speak for the whole industry, to maintain flexibility, because it's a dynamic marketplace, it continues to change. And that essentially means that when we made these decisions to sell these shows to Netflix, those decisions made the most sense for us in terms of the economics. Longer-term, it's possible that we'll make different decisions based on other factors, and it is possible that off-network programs will end up either being bundled with our multichannel services or as part of apps that the company brings out to sell directly to customers as is the case with DisneyLife. Most important thing for us in this is flexibility and that's what we have maintained and what we'll continue to maintain.
Robert A. Iger: We're launching in the UK for a variety of reasons. One, it's a strong Disney market, huge affinity for the Disney brand and so we wanted to test this in the market where there was already strong brand affinity. Second, we looked carefully at what was available to us to put on this platform, because we obviously have to factor in – speaking of flexibility, by the way – deals that already exist that encumber us from getting access to the product to sell on our own. And we had an opportunity to bring this to market in a manner that worked in relation to the product available and the deal that we have mostly with Sky in the UK. And we're doing this, because when you look at technology today – and I know that Apple referred to this when it announced its Apple TV product – the app experience is, I'll call it 3D experience versus the 2D experience that linear television offers. Because you can go to an app and you can choose from a menu of multiple choices in terms of media and you can essentially use it in ways that we think are far more compelling and typically a better user experience. And I mentioned that earlier, I can't emphasize that enough. I think today's consumer, when they're faced with a user experience that is sub-par, where they just can't find anything, they can't navigate things or they find them and they just don't work well – you don't keep a consumer. It used to be you don't keep a consumer happy; now it's you don't keep a consumer, because they have other choices. So, we like the app-based experience. We're also very interested in taking product directly to consumers as a company. If you look at the profile of this company, outside of the Disney stores and our theme park business, the customers that buy Disney typically buy through third parties. There's nothing wrong with that, by the way, we do great business with movie theater chains and big-box retailers and multichannel distributors. But, given the way the world is and what technology makes available, and given the passion that our customers have for our brands; Marvel, Disney, Pixar, ESPN, Star Wars, we have an opportunity to reach the consumer directly in ways that our competitors can't come close to doing. So, it is a competitive advantage and it is an opportunity that technology is providing us, and it's something ultimately that you'll see more of, both from a consumer proposition perspective and from a company perspective.
Robert A. Iger: The pricing, we debated a lot about. We're going to market with a price that we think reflects the value of the product that we're offering and the experience that we're offering. I can't tell you that we're absolutely certain, it's the right price, it's the price that we decided to take it out to the market with. And what we do know is, we've created an elegant product, it's a really good user experience, we love the look, the feel and the navigation, and we'll see. It also has the ability to provide the content in multi-languages, for instance, so you can imagine the opportunities in terms of other markets both in Europe and the rest of the world. And it is also technology we can use for those other brands.
Robert A. Iger: Well, I think you were complimenting me, and I appreciate that. I'll comment on that and I'll comment on the crux of this matter or the question. I'm struck with something that Steve Jobs once said, when he was asked about technology and how he developed it. And he said that he starts with the consumer and he works backward to technology. And we're actually doing that, too. We're thinking about the consumer and the consumer today is a different consumer than before. They don't just want to sit in the living room on a couch and watch our product on a fixed screen on the wall with a remote control in their hand. They want to do it in many more ways, and they have the authority thanks to technology to make those decisions. So, we're starting with what we believe the consumer wants. Every one of those examples that you used, which sounds like a strategic initiative for the company...
Robert A. Iger: ...is actually a strategic initiative for the consumer. It's really that simple. And this is a company that has been consumer-facing from the start. And I think actually when you look at what we do at our parks, it's a great example of that. And all of these things that we're doing, we're trying to take a very, very expansive look at the consumer today and where that consumer is going, particularly the younger consumer. So second, as it relates to, well maybe in a strange way flexibility, all of these things are designed to obviously create product that we think ultimately benefits the shareholders of The Walt Disney Company, but also to learn from. And if we take product out that may work at a given time but long term have a negative impact on businesses or business models that can continue to create more value for us, then we'll retract and we'll cut back. We've got a lot of good things going for us. And in reality, the multichannel business model, while facing more competition than ever before, is still a huge driver of value for this company. What we ultimately would want to do would be to do whatever we can working with the distributors to make that product more compelling, more consumer-facing than it ever has been. That's really the biggest goal. As it relates to SVOD and those things, I think we could get to a point where off-network programs, both in-season and prior-season, are bundled with the channels that the programs were originally on, and that may be a feature that's offered to multi-channel subscribers that's designed as a means to perpetuate that business model or make that business model more consumer-friendly. So I'm not going to suggest that we're set in our ways or stuck in the business model of the future to the point where it damages the former business model in ways that either aren't necessary or that are premature.
Robert A. Iger: Let's start first of all with I'll call it making more of what we own already, meaning these great franchises and brands. You know that you're making too much when either your quality is going down or the marketplace is telling you that there's fatigue or they've had enough.
Robert A. Iger: We don't see that in any of the products that we're making or that you cited. Pixar had one of its most successful releases ever with Inside Out and its most original this past year. And we're really excited about The Good Dinosaur. And of course, we have Finding Dory, the sequel to Nemo next year, as a for-instance. Marvel, obviously Avengers 2: Age of Ultron did extremely well, over $1.4 billion in global revenue, in global box office. And we've got Captain America 3: Civil War coming up this year and a pretty rich pipeline thereafter. Of both sequels, things like Thor and Captain America, as I mentioned, and Ant-Man but also original like Dr. Strange, for instance. We like that balance. Star Wars we're just getting into, obviously premature, but we're basically planning roughly a Star Wars release a year for the next six years. Three of them part of the saga; VII, VIII, and IX. Three will be standalone films. I think we've only announced two of those three, Rogue One being the first, which comes out in December of 2016. So we don't think we're oversaturated. If anything, we think that we're very, very well-balanced in terms of taking these products to market. In terms of products or franchises that we don't own, obviously not going to comment on that, except I can say that with Disney – which has also never been stronger, by the way. Just look at the Oscars that we've won for Frozen and Big Hero 6, the box office, the excitement about this movie Zootopia that's coming up, which I think is going to be a real sleeper hit and that's coming up in actually first quarter, end of the first calendar quarter rather, of 2016. I think with Disney and Pixar and Marvel and Lucas, Star Wars, we don't really have much of a need. Our pipeline is pretty rich, the richest ever for us.
Robert A. Iger: But, we'll be opportunistic. If we see something that we feel is as attractive as these others have been, that's leverageable across markets, across businesses, over long periods of time, which is what we really consider a franchise then we certainly have the capital structure to be able to take advantage of the opportunity.
Christine M. McCarthy: Hi, Alexia. Regarding your question on Consumer Products, we were very pleased with the earned licensing revenue of 9% in the quarter, but that was driven by Star Wars Classic, Avengers, and Frozen. What it didn't include was the merchandise related to Star Wars Episode VII. And the reason it didn't was because there's an accounting rule that doesn't allow merchandise with the new IP attached to it to be recognized until after the film is released. So while we are very encouraged by the results of Force Friday and the continued performance of that Episode VII merchandise that's already in the marketplace, that result will be included in our first quarter results for Consumer Products.
Christine M. McCarthy: Okay. Thanks, Ben. So let's talk about foreign exchange because we did give that information last quarter. As we mentioned at the time, we were fully hedged going into fiscal 2016, so that estimate that we gave you of about a $500 million impact year over year is still the right estimate looking forward to the year, so there's no change on that. And the impact for fiscal 2015, there was a modest negative impact from what was originally given, but that's only because some of our businesses outperformed. So once again, we were fully hedged based on the estimates as we're going into a fiscal year. On the cable affiliate growth, we updated our three-year affiliate guidance on the last earnings call and we don't intend to update it again. We also don't give annual guidance on affiliate revenue growth. But I will remind you that fiscal 2015 did benefit from the launch of the SEC Network, and that is something that we will be comping against in fiscal 2016.
Christine M. McCarthy: Yes. Thank you, David. Yeah, the margins as you cited were down at 16.9%, that's actually 40 basis points not 45 basis points, but who's counting.
Christine M. McCarthy: But they were primarily due to the performance of Hong Kong Disneyland and also some preopening expenses at Shanghai Disneyland. Domestically, talking about domestically, specifically, there were some year-over-year increases that impacted the margins, and one of those would have been the Magic Dry Dock, which is one of our cruise ships.
Thomas O. Staggs: So, Jessica, let me talk about Hulu. I'll leave it to them to speak of the specifics of their investment, but it's true that Hulu has and is going to continue to step up their investment in both acquiring and producing original programming and programming from others, and that will continue to increase their losses in the near term. We believe it's going to create value over time, and we think there's value in them strengthening their offering. And furthermore, the market is big enough for them and others to thrive. So we feel good about where they're going strategically.
Thomas O. Staggs: So I'll start with the ESPN question. The best interpretation of that is that you should see this as not connected to anything else. ESPN is quite healthy operationally. But at the same time, we have and we'll continue to assess our operations. We're going to not let any of them stand still and we're focused on driving all of them to be both effective and efficient as they move forward. So, ESPN has been innovating all along and they're going to continue to do so and that impacts how they position themselves and how they staff.
Thomas O. Staggs: We're not going to make any predictions about what's going to exactly happen with the subs. At the end of the day, we talked about the subs in the terms that we've had, and generally what we're seeing is consistent with what we talked about last quarter. Having said that, as Bob indicated earlier, this market is going to continue to evolve and one of the things that we're going to see is that there's room for optimizing the bundle of programming that people receive. There are opportunities to increase the price-value relationship as well as the user experience of those, and as we indicated earlier, the program availability will likely be augmented over time. Bob talked about the possibility of in-season stacking being offered through the programming services that we offer. So, I think you're going to see the bundle continue to evolve, and I think you're going to see the industry, programmers and distributors alike respond to the consumer empowerment with increasingly strong product. And at the end of the day, we feel really good about the positioning of our major branded services; ESPN, Disney, ABC, to play a vital role in that optimization of the bundle. So, I think that this is going to play out over a long period of time. And for a very, very long period of time you're going to see that bundle be the primary means by which people get their programming.
