James A. Rasulo: Yes, sure. The full year adjusted cable revenue was high mid-single digits. This is just for some -- high single digits, yes. Isn't that what I said? I'm sorry. This adjusts for unfavorable FX impact and also for the impact of Leap Day, which I don't want to get into in great detail. But it affects our revenue for the year, and reported cable affiliate revenue mid single digits.
James A. Rasulo: Okay, Mike. Before we go to the next question, this is Jay, Lowell just handed me a note that I misspoke on the share repurchase. I think I said that we'd buy back the 40 million shares issued for the Lucasfilm acquisition in the next 2 quarters. I misspoke. I meant the next years 2 years, which we stated previously. Sorry, Lowell.
James A. Rasulo: We also feel good about the expected attendance at Disney World for the year. We have seen some pretty decent Christmas bookings, although there's a quirk in the calendar in terms of when Christmas hits. So if you look at over 3-week period, it's the 2 later weeks of that 3-week period that are the strong weeks because Christmas is on a Tuesday. And that does bleed into what would be our next fiscal quarter, not our -- which is our second, not our first. But the bookings are strong. We also feel really good about Fantasyland rolling out. It is, as I mentioned, the first big improvement that we've done at the Magic Kingdom in about 40 years. The product is already, in some cases, open and doing really well, and we think that's going to drive some attendance gains at that park. And then lastly, we opened a big new hotel, Art of Animation, which features a family suite concept, which is growing in popularity in the marketplace, and the bookings for that hotel have been great.
James A. Rasulo: We're seeing really strong trends, and we believe we have turned the corner there. If you just look at the attendance patterns, particularly from the mainland, for instance, we expanded with 3 worlds. 2 of the 3 are open, including a Toy Story Land, and that's doing -- they're all doing quite well. And the third one is going to open sometime this spring. So we feel really good about the trends at Hong Kong Disneyland. We always said that we were going to expand. We have the land to do so, and we have projects that are in varying stages of development, but we have nothing to announce at this point about that.
James A. Rasulo: Yes, I'll tell you that I've talked for a long time about that range being like 18% to 22%, 23%. And in this quarter at World, they were up at the high end of that range. We had a very strong fourth quarter relative to international attendance, fundamentally driven by Brazil and Argentina. But even the U.K., which is, of course, one of our other big markets, was up for the fourth quarter.
James A. Rasulo: Yes, Ben. Bob mentioned in his comments, these enhancements that we are doing to -- what I would say is really the essence of a visit to Walt Disney World, starting all the way back with planning, pre-reserving up through your experience at the Park with the use of technology and the use of a bunch of enhanced services to make guests visit more efficient and enjoyable while they're there. And we will start to see revenue inure to us from that. But we're -- like many things, just before you start, there are costs. And those costs in fact, have had -- are offsetting the revenue increases that are implied by our attendance and per capita spending increases in terms of the quarter.
James A. Rasulo: Yes, well, let me start by emphasizing, Ben, that almost everything that I did check through, we see as primarily a Q1 impact, not primarily as an overall fiscal 2013 impact. And we are still very confident that this will be a strong year for us in terms of performance. The -- obviously, the comparability, just to go through it, the large items, the one we just talked about in terms of costs associated with these guest enhancements before the revenue comes in. Secondly, the home video comparison, where we'll be off pretty substantially on a comparability basis there because if you think about Cars 2, which was not only a successful video title but because of all of the merchandise success in prior periods around that title, that bleeds off a lot of the amortization that goes with the making of that film. When you -- because consumer product sales are part of the ultimate package in which the film is amortized against. So a lot of that was bled off in prior periods, which made that a particularly profitable title a year ago in the home video front. BRAVE was also a profitable title, but it doesn't have the benefit of bleeding off all of that amortization when the units sell. So that has created a very tough comparison. And then I mentioned the Lion King versus Finding Nemo through -- in terms of its release, where the Lion King had been kind of in the vault since 2005 and, of course, had enormous response in the marketplace due to that. Nemo was more available on a regular basis in the market and therefore didn't benefit from that bump. So those 2 factors are about $150 million, but that's a first quarter event. And that is not -- that doesn't affect our performance at the studio in the rest of the 3 quarters of the year. The tax number I ticked off again is -- has to do with a tax favorability in the prior year. It's a first quarter event as well, of course, because taxes tend to -- you tend to carry that for the whole year. We'll have a little bit up in our tax -- our effective tax rate for the year but not as much as in the first quarter. So I tried to emphasize, and it's always difficult, in prepared remarks to kind of emphasize that these are really largely comparability items that we're trying to give you info on in the first quarter and are not to lead you to believe we don't have confidence in strong results for the whole year.
James A. Rasulo: Yes, margin accretive, Doug. We are very confident that if you -- if I tick through the list quickly, the cruise ships, the enhancement of DCA, the Magic Kingdom expansion, Aulani Hotel and this new guest enhancement at Walt Disney World that we were talking about, every single one of those was done with a strategic and -- a pretty tight strategic and financial goal, and they will be in aggregate accretive as well someday, Shanghai, I didn't put that on the list because it's much longer-term than the rest of those things. But we think that all of these projects will be accretive to the ultimate margins of the business.
James A. Rasulo: Okay. What I said was a little bit of all the things that you said. So let's start at the top. In aggregate, they will generate $500 million of revenue. Some of those -- incremental revenue above our base business. Some of those that have been up and running for a while, like the cruise ship and DCA, will, in fact, generate -- will be accretive to earnings. They will generate operating -- positive operating income in the year. The guest enhancement project that Bob talked about and Shanghai Disneyland are still in the investment -- not the investment, in the sort of generating operating income -- there is investment, but generating operating expense that exceeds any revenue that they will generate. So if you look at all these things in aggregate, the Disney Cruise Line expansion, the Fantasyland expansion, Disney's California, the guest enhancement program that we're talking about and Shanghai Disneyland, in aggregate, their incremental expenses will match the aggregate incremental revenue. So they will generate $500 million of incremental revenue and $500 million of incremental expense.
James A. Rasulo: Yes, it's not a big effect. It did make it because we ranked the impacts from largest to smallest, and at some point, we cut them off. I would say this one, we usually like to put 2 or 3. This one made it, in other quarters probably wouldn't. But it's basically increased programming costs. It's above -- if you -- yes, if you back Hulu out of the broadcasting numbers, in fact, broadcasting would've been slightly positive. It turned out to be slightly negative because of it. I want to emphasize it's not a real driver for the quarter.
James A. Rasulo: David, let me take the short answer. I think I mentioned at a conference and it was broadly reported that the write-down was for a film that was in progress in stop-action animation called Cinderbiter, and that was the vast majority, 98% of the write-downs for the quarter.
James A. Rasulo: Not at all. Let me just tick off a list of things that we're looking at. Obviously, due to the hurricane, there are a number of Disney stores in the Atlantic area that were closed. I think we closed over 40 stores for a number of days. Secondly, when you don't have people with power and you don't have people watching television, you've obviously got some impact there on the broadcast side. On the Parks side, the Northeast is a good feeder market to Walt Disney World. We -- this is probably the toughest to quantify. In the past, I would tell you that we have found from natural disasters that people make their way back in the course of the year, so that could be a short-term impact. We have not seen a raft of cancellations, I would tell you that, that much we know so far.
James A. Rasulo: Yes, I'm happy to answer that. So let me just set the table. So we said that 2012 would be our peak CapEx year for some time to come, and that we would be ramping down significantly in Parks capital thereafter all -- while Shanghai was ramping up. So let me talk to that. If you look on the domestic side, we're -- domestic parks side, we're probably down -- will be down by -- at the end of fiscal '13 about $1 billion from where we were in fiscal '12 in terms of capital expenditures. A lot of the capital expenditure that is behind what Bob talked about as guest-enhancing technologies is behind us. On a consolidated basis, though, it's only going to look like a $500 million decrease. And in fact, the difference has to do with investment in Shanghai Disneyland. But remember, as only 43% owners of that project, we only spend 43% of the capital. So 57% of the capital spent on Shanghai Disneyland will make its way back to us in a financing line. So if you look at it that way, even on a consolidated basis, we're going to be down about $800 million for the year.
James A. Rasulo: I think there's paperwork that goes to it, but it's not like it's backloaded or it's a bullet payment. It's supposed to be contemporaneous with the expenditures.
James A. Rasulo: So what I've said in my comments -- I'm sorry, Vasily, what I've said in my comments was that we were going to see the kick-in from the revenue side of some new affiliate deals in the course of fiscal '13, one of which was going to be in the first quarter. That's not the renegotiation of that deal, but that is, in fact, the realization of the revenue from the negotiation of a prior deal. I don't want -- we've kind of made a habit of not getting into the details about the timing of our affiliate deals with our partners for all the right reasons of confidentiality and not wanting to get in the way of negotiation. So I'm sorry, I won't be any more articulate about that.
Robert A. Iger: Well, I think the story of the year, really 2 things. One, the greater penetration of DVRs and the greater usage of DVRs, which clearly have shifted the rating in the direction of C3 and ultimately, hopefully C7 because I think it speaks for an expanded look from a Nielsen and advertising perspective at 7 days versus 3. And I think the other story is that there seems to be somewhat of an absence of what I call new big real sort of buzzworthy hits. And because of that, I would say that it would be premature to either write the epitaph or suggest that we're seeing a trend. We've seen years where the presence of a big hit -- by the way, as in the case with NBC, if you look at the impact of The Voice on their schedule, it has improved their numbers dramatically. So I think I'm happy to believe that ABC's schedule is pretty solid. Their Sunday schedule with Once Upon a Time and Revenge is working, and they've got Modern Family and Grey's, and others show some real strong base. And their ratings from a C3 perspective without sports are down in the 7% to 8% range, which I don't consider to be that noteworthy. What I'd like to -- would I have liked ABC to have put on the schedule a really big hit at the beginning of the year? Of course. But they put on a few shows that are I think quite serviceable and have potential, Nashville being one.
Robert A. Iger: Alexia, thank you. So relative to the new initiatives and the ultimate impact, I said that they will affect, of course, the rest of fiscal 2013 and begin to be accretive in 2014. I don't want to be -- I don't want to give too much guidance on where that takes us from a margin perspective. I -- we have said for some period of time that there is no reason structurally, including, by the way, what I just said about these new initiatives that will ultimately keep us from reaching our prerecession margin levels at the Parks. So I think that is your -- I hope that answers your question. On the attendance trends on the 2 coasts, obviously, the great success of Cars Land both from a quality and from a quantity perspective in terms of attendance and pricing has reflected itself in Disneyland Resort, greatly outgrowing Walt Disney World. I'll say that Walt Disney World's attendance was down modestly, but Disneyland's attendance was up substantially, resulting, if you add the 2 together, in domestic attendance being up 3% that I mentioned.
Robert A. Iger: Also, because we're in a testing phase to make sure the technology is working the way we both expect and need it to work, we've been hesitant to roll out more details to all of you and to the public for that matter. There's been a fair amount of chatter about the features of this technological advancement or investment. But we've been hesitant to give details until we're ready to really basically make it -- before it's ready for prime time, so to speak. Ben, we're getting close.
Robert A. Iger: Ben, as Jay suggested, we're not going to give you specific guidance for the year. But since you asked us to characterize or categorize the year, I'd say that we are entering a phase of transitioning out of an investment mode and transitioning into a more compelling growth mode. But it is a -- again, it is a transition year in that regard because of some of the things that Jay talked about. And that's also reflected in the rampdown of capital spending.
Robert A. Iger: Well, I think the opportunity is pretty broad in terms of what it will ultimately present to the company. I could start with our theme parks. While we haven't really had a gender problem at our theme parks, we've always been mindful of what we're offering is something for everybody. And as some of the IP gravitated more in the girls' direction, it made us turn to some other IP that maybe wasn't derived from movies or television series, for instance, in order to essentially deliver against the -- basically, the interest of our guests. Obviously, we've had Star Wars in the past. This gives us the ability to expand that presence in our parks. Marvel, in certain circumstances, because you may recall there are some encumbrances there, will give us an opportunity to expand, but -- that mostly internationally. So that's one way. Obviously, on the TV front, we launched or we relaunched a channel a few years back called Disney XD, which had other names in its past. If Disney Channel is focused a little bit more on girls than boys, this is going to be focused a little bit more on boys than girls. We started to roll out Marvel shows there. We referenced in our comments about the Lucasfilm acquisition if there are opportunities for television. One big opportunity for us in Lucasfilm's derived IP is on that channel. Again, it gives the ability to fulfill promise of that channel that much quicker. The footprint from Consumer Products obviously will give us much more of a blend. That enhances our relationship in the marketplace with retailers and with licensees as a for instance and just generally broadens the profile of the brand. Lucas product, by the way, will be co-branded with Disney's name on it. And then, of course, on the games front, we also have that ability to turn more to Disney IP, particularly since games are a little bit more boys-driven anyway. And so I don't want to -- we'll proceed with caution in this direction, but I think it enhances our opportunity particularly in the mobile space, which is very driven by boys.
Robert A. Iger: Actually, we felt we were relatively strategically complete in the past. The Lucasfilm acquisition, even though I just responded to your question about boys in a manner that would suggest we might not have felt strategically complete from a gender perspective. Imagine talking about being strategically complete from a gender perspective. I think I should be shot for that. But we don't necessarily make acquisitions to fill in strategic holes, and we didn't in the Lucas case. That was an opportunity to buy IP that, as I described, is unparalleled really in terms of its value, the strength of its franchise and the potential that it represents particularly or especially to a company like ours. And we're not looking right now at anything from an acquisition perspective that is in any way tied to something that we would consider a strategic hole.
Robert A. Iger: Okay, the second part of your question, the impact of the Lucasfilm acquisition on our store strategy. It will not change our store strategy. We've approached that, I guess, with some degree of caution because of the obvious risks associated with being a specialty retail bricks-and-mortar business, so it's not going to change our footprint. It will change our SKU makeup at the stores is a great opportunity as we saw with Marvel to infuse our stores with Star Wars merchandise, for instance, and we look forward to doing that. And also to grow our online retail or our e-commerce business, which, by the way, has grown very, very nicely since the relaunch of disney.com. And noticing -- what we've noticed in terms of sale of Lucasfilm merchandise online, we think there's real potential there. To the first question, we were not specific about the deal that we referenced that was impacted, I guess, the fourth quarter a year ago, and we won't be specific. You're pretty good at guessing, but I'll leave it at that. We feel very, very good about opportunities in SVOD and on digital platforms, as we've seen and other large media companies have seen the opportunities to monetize owned IP are only growing not just because of new technology but globally. And I think you'll continue to see growth in both revenue and growth in bottom line, in income, from output deals to these third party or new platform owners. An exciting time for intellectual property owners.
Robert A. Iger: We're in business with Netflix, we're in business with others, and we'll probably continue to be in business with those and new entrants in the marketplace. And we are engaged in discussions in a number of directions about that.
Robert A. Iger: Well, 7 years after the Pixar acquisition or, I guess, technically it's 6 -- sorry, 6.5 years, I think there's ample proof that, that brand has been managed very effectively. And during the period of time that we've owned Pixar, the equity in the Disney brand, no matter how you measure it, has also increased. So I think we've demonstrated our ability to be ambidextrous in that regard. We also co-brand Pixar films with Disney. And we found in the process that, that enhances both impression of the Pixar brand and impression of the Disney brand. Marvel has seen, I think, real strong brand growth. That's largely been tied to a couple of things. One, quality of their films, particularly the last 3: Captain America, Thor and obviously Avengers. But also, and the growth of their -- the presence of the brand, which is in part enhanced by self-distribution. So when we take over the distribution of their films, for instance, and we are also the owner of the brand, we're much more focused on growing the brand in the process than the third-party distributors that distributed their product before were interested in. So there are opportunities there. The Star Wars brand, I think, basically doesn't need much help except to, obviously, will I think benefit greatly from the release of a film. We intend in that case to co-brand, as I mentioned just a few minutes ago, Disney-Lucas or Disney-Star Wars in some form, different forms. And I think that's again another opportunity like Pixar to enhance both the Star Wars brand and the Disney brand. ESPN's doing just fine. ABC is also doing fine, although from a brand perspective, we leveraged the ABC name obviously in much more limited fashion than we do the other brands that we've been talking about.
Robert A. Iger: On Lucas, what we were referring to is the fact that Fox has certain distribution rights to films that have already been made and released and will be released in varying forms going forward as they did recently with the 3D release of one of the Star Wars films. In valuing Lucas going forward, we did not factor in any need on our part whatsoever to acquire any rights back from News Corp. We may choose at some point after closing to explore that, but all the value they were looking at is going forward value associated with all the rights that we bought from Lucas and any new IP that is created, which is not encumbered by any of the deals that Fox had.
Robert A. Iger: Interestingly enough, this is a week that most of New Jersey schools are closed for the week. And that's as Jay referenced the important feeder market to Orlando, and obviously Jersey got devastated by the storm. We have seen very little impact this week. I talked to folks down in Orlando this morning, and it appears that the makeup of attendance at Disney World this week from New Jersey is just as strong as it usually is. So that's a pretty interesting sign.
Robert A. Iger: And as to your question about the comps and our film slate, obviously, we'll have tough Q3 comparisons because of Avengers. But we feel good overall about the slate in the year. Oz The Great and Powerful in March, Iron Man 3, Lone Ranger and, of course, Monsters University. So we think we've got a strong film slate coming up.
