Lowell Singer: Good afternoon, and it’s my pleasure to welcome everyone to The Walt Disney Company’s third quarter 2021 earnings call. Our press release was issued about 25 minutes ago and is available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today’s call is also being webcast and we will post a transcript of this call to our website. Joining me remotely today are Bob Chapek, Disney’s Chief Executive Officer; and Christine McCarthy, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Bob and Christine, we of course will be happy to take some of your questions. So, with that, let me turn the call over to Bob to get started.
Lowell Singer: Okay. Thanks, Christine. And once again, as we transition to the Q&A, let me note that since we are not physically together this afternoon, I will do my best to moderate the Q&A by directing your questions to the appropriate executive. And with that, we are ready for the first question.
Lowell Singer: Okay. Michael, thank you for those questions. I’ll turn the first one over to Bob and then Christine can address the Hulu profitability question.
Lowell Singer: All right. Alexia, thanks for the question. So Bob, maybe you talk about Delta’s impact on parks and you may want to talk about leading in Alexia’s second question, some of the yield stuff we’ve been doing. And Christine, you probably want to follow-up on the second part.
Lowell Singer: Okay. Ben, thanks for the questions. Thank you, Ben. I think, we’ll start with, Bob, if you want to talk a little bit about some of the technology at the parks, and then we’ll go to Christine to talk about Hulu ad growth, IPL and LatAm.
Lowell Singer: Okay. Doug, thanks for the questions. Bob, you may want to start on the streaming question, and I don’t know if you want to make some comments on kind of parks’ cost ramp. And then, Christine, you may want to jump in on that as well.
Lowell Singer: Okay. Jessica, thanks a lot. Bob, why don’t you take the film question? I don’t know if you want to make any comments on Japan? And Christine, you may want to jump in on that one as well.
Lowell Singer: Okay. Thanks, Brett, for the questions. Operator, given the time, I think we will take our final question.
Lowell Singer: Okay. Thanks, John, for the question. Bob, why don’t you start on Disney+ Day and then Christine, you can take the question about Hotstar guide, et cetera.
Lowell Singer: Okay. Thanks for the question. And I want to thank everyone for joining us today. Note that a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures that were referred to on this call to equivalent GAAP measures can be found on our Investor Relations website. Let me also remind you that certain statements on this call, including financial estimates or statements about our plans, expectations, beliefs or business prospects and other statements that are not historical in nature may constitute forward-looking statements under the securities laws. We make these statements on the basis of our views and assumptions regarding future events and business performance at the time we make them, and we do not undertake any obligation to update these statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from the results expressed or implied in light of a variety of factors, including factors contained in our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We want to thank everyone for joining us today. Hope you have a good rest of the day.
Bob Chapek: Michael, as you probably recognize, we live in a very uncertain world in terms of the recovery of some of our markets in the theatrical exhibition world. It’s certainly part of that. We’ve said from the very beginning that we value flexibility in being able to make as last-minute calls as we can, given what we see in the marketplace. And certainly, when we planned our schedule that we’re executing right now, we did not anticipate, nor did I think anybody, the resurgence of COVID with the Delta variant that would have such a significant impact on the marketplace. At the same time, when you work in an ecosystem, having a lot of partners, they need to be able to plan their business, too. And so, at some point, we have to put a stake in the ground and say, for example, Shang-Chi, that’s going to be a title that we’re going to put in the marketplace or Free Guy, that’s going to be a title that we’re going to put into the marketplace. Not knowing, again, three months earlier when you make that commitment, what exactly the marketplace is going to look like. But, what I do think that says, Michael, it says that we value flexibility and we value to follow where the consumer is going to go. And while some of that’s uncertain, I think, in terms of relative to where the rest of the market is, you see that we’ve got more flexibility in terms of how we program. And nothing is in stone because the marketplace is rapidly changing. But at some point, you’ve got to put a stake in the ground and say, this is what we’re going to do. And that’s where we ended up on Shang-Chi and Free Guy, which are our next two titles out.
Bob Chapek: Okay. Good questions. On Free Guy, obviously, this is a title that we acquired under a different distribution assumption and set of agreements. So, we don’t have the degree of freedom to do that on Free Guy. On Shang-Chi, we think it’s actually going to be an interesting experiment for us because it’s got only a 45-day window for us. So, the prospect of being able to take a Marvel title to the service after going theatrical with 45 days will be yet another data point to inform our actions going forward on our titles. But once again, I’ll refer back to my previous answer. When we planned Shang-Chi, that title was planned on being in a much more healthy theatrical environment. And at this point, unfortunately, due to distribution agreements that we have and due to just the practicalities of last-minute changes, it wouldn’t be possible.
Bob Chapek: Okay. In terms of impact of the Delta variant, we see strong demand for our parks continuing. And the primary noise that we’re seeing right now are really around group or convention cancellations. In other words, large groups that are coming in relatively short-term. But on the whole, we see really strong demand for our parks. In fact, our park reservations now are above our Q3 attendance levels. And as you just saw with our earnings announcement, our Q3 attendance levels were pretty darn good. So, we’re still bullish about our park business going forward. I may also suggest, as a bridge to the second question that we’ve implemented a reservation system that’s going to enable us to spread our demand, increase our yield and improve our guest experience at the same time. And in terms of the long-lasting impacts that you mentioned, I think some of the cost implications that we need to do for hygienic purposes are going to be relatively short-lived. And frankly, in the grand scheme of operating our parks, not all that material. But what will be the long-lasting impact is the improvements that we’re making with guest personalization and guest choice, therefore, affecting the tremendous yield benefits that we’ve been able to extract over the last few quarters. And that’s only going to grow in the future with our ability to really do world-class yield management systems through our new reservation system.
Bob Chapek: Okay. Ben, you used the correct word, transformational. MyMagic+ was us basically sticking our toe in the pond of this type of transformational work. Disney Genie though is that program on steroids. This is going to revolutionize our guest experience. Guests are going to spend less time waiting and more time having fun in our parks with a dramatically improved guest experience. That’s going to make their navigation of their day and their planning of their day much easier. Essentially, what it’s going to do is take the consumer preferences that we know from our consumers, given what we know from them, and blend that with basically industrial engineering data that we’ve got in terms of how our park is operating that day and meld those together to make suggestions on the fly that not only will lead to that improved guest experience, but at the same time lead to substantial commercial opportunities as the guest navigates their base. So, it certainly qualifies in my mind for both materiality and transformational impact on our business from a yield standpoint.
Bob Chapek: Okay. In terms of the health of Disney+, we feel really great about our sub trajectory. We’ve got world-class content from the world’s best storytellers, plus our international launches, plus the power of the Disney bundle. And you asked the question about churn. We’re really pleased with churn. We’ve taken some price increases over the past few quarters. And what you’re seeing is that our churn has declined, including in Latin America where we went up -- I mean by -- in Europe, sorry, by €2 when we added Star brand as a sixth brand tile. So, our retention is very healthy across the globe. We’re really, really pleased with that. And I think, again, it really goes back to the price value that we’re offering our guests. When you take out Luca, Loki, Falcon and the Winter Soldier. There’s something essentially new each week. You blend that together with a tremendous local investment that we’re making in our international territories. And it’s really a price value proposition that is really great. So, the fact that our churn is so low, our engagement is so high, our retention is so high amongst the local corridors where we’re taking price increases, I think, says everything about it. In terms of -- and I’ll start this off, Christine, on the cost side and what we expect to see in terms of our parks profitability. But right now, you can use a lot of different metrics to look at our business. In California, we’ve got all three of our hotels open, for example. We’ve got 70% of our available rooms open in Walt Disney World. So, you can see that we’re not quite 100% available at this point. But, I think that a lot of the costs from here on out are variable. Obviously, as we scale our business and we get up closer and closer to 100% capacity, our efficiencies and operating become much, much higher. So, I think you’ll see disproportionate benefit as we go from here on. Christine, I don’t know if you want to elaborate.
Bob Chapek: Jason, I’d like to think of it like we’re in the first inning of the first game of a very long season. We’ve not even been at this right now as Disney, at least for two full years. Despite that two full years, as you suggested, we’ve gone into 61 countries in 21 months. So, we’re very proud of that and we’re proud of the success that we’ve had. I would caution not to come to any conclusions about the size of the market. We’ve got a TAM of 1.1 billion households across the globe. And we’ve only just begun our journey. And as I think you see, what’s really going to make the difference for Disney is our spectacular content told by the best storytellers against our powerhouse franchises. You put that in the context of also all the local investments that we’re making. And I think we’re going to have a bright future ahead. And I understand the benchmark that you’re using, but I think this is a different marketplace. And I think we’re charging forward to maximize the opportunity, given our unique combinations of not only distribution platforms, but intellectual property and storytelling.
Bob Chapek: Okay. In terms of the bundle, you see that the majority are not -- maybe not the majority, but a good chunk of our marketing now is going towards a bundle. And that’s because the -- while we enjoy extremely low churn rates on our individual services, the churn rates on the bundle are even lower, surprisingly low even for us. And I think what that says is that our customers enjoy the price value of the bundle that we offer and getting an incredible amount of content for a really good price. While I can’t comment on some of the specific percentages that you’re probably looking for, but I will make a comment on sort of going forward. You noticed that across the world, we’ve got different business models. We’ve got different business models for two reasons. Number one, the unique situation that we find ourselves in each market whether it’s Europe or LatAm or Asia or North America tend to be different in terms of what rights we have and what the consumers are actually looking for. But that also gives us an opportunity to test out different propositions. Obviously, the proposition that we have in Europe with Star as a 6-brand title looks significantly different than our relatively unbundled approach that we have in North America. Again, we’re in the first inning of the first game of all the long season, and we’re taking all this into account. There may also be certain constraints that were under that could, at least from a short-term standpoint, limit our ability do what long-term we might feel was ideal. But frankly, we don’t know what’s ideal yet. I will say that we’re extremely pleased in every market that we’ve launched our direct-to-consumer services. We’ve exceeded our expectations in every marketplace. So, in terms of the way that we’ve approached the market so far, it’s worked really, really well. Is there an opportunity for improvement by considering something different going forward? Possibly. But, we’re going to continue to learn. And as we learn, I’m sure we’ll refine our offerings in the marketplace, as time goes on.
Christine McCarthy: I’ll take your question on Hulu, Michael. You’re absolutely correct. Hulu exceeded our expectations, and it was profitable this quarter. There’s a couple of things going on here. One is, it has had -- continued to have subscriber growth and also very strong advertising revenue. The advertising is coming from higher sell-through rates, a lot of addressable advertising and a significant ramp-up in the dynamic ad insertion technology that we have within Hulu Live. So, those are things that are driving it. And at the same time, they are just like all of our other streaming services, they’re ramping up their production, programming and also marketing expense to promote those new shows. So, we’re very pleased with what’s going on at Hulu, but we’re not going to update our guidance yet because we are in the process of doing our fiscal ‘22 annual operating plan. And if we feel that we have to update it after we complete that, we will certainly do it.
Christine McCarthy: Hi Alexia. And I’d add to that a couple of things. One is, we have seen very, very strong per caps in addition to all the yield management things Bob mentioned. But the per caps, in my comments, I referred to them as exceptionally strong. And I would not use that word were it not for the fact that they were exceptional. Last quarter, I said that they were up strong double-digit and this quarter was even stronger. If you look at - when a park is closed for a long period of time, as Disneyland was, as Paris was, when they reopen, the per caps really shoot up. And we still have, even though Walt Disney World isn’t open now for over a year, we’re still seeing extremely strong per cap growth continue at that park. So, in addition to all the technology things that we’re implementing, as Bob mentioned, reservation systems, the dining apps, we’re just seeing the consumer behavior be very favorable. And the guest experience is something that we’re going to be focused on, especially as we continue to reopen.
Christine McCarthy: Okay. Ben, I’ll try to go through your -- hope I can remember them all. So, Hulu. Hulu did have very strong advertising growth in the quarter, and we continue to see that growth quarter after quarter. We haven’t specifically quantified it, but I would say that it is driven by higher impressions as well as rates. And as I mentioned, the ability for us to use the dynamic ad insertion in Hulu Live is also a benefit. I think, the advertising sales team, if they had more inventory, they could certainly sell it. There’s that much demand for it. Just to put some context around it, because I think it’s a precursor of what the upfront showed is that the -- we came out of a very strong upfront but we had about 40% of the total upfront dollars into streaming and digital. And a lot of that is not only across Hulu, but also across our other entertainment and sports platforms. So, I think that just shows that the kind of advertising that’s going through Hulu is certainly a growth driver. The IPL is coming back. It’s scheduled to come back on September 19, and it will run through, I believe, the last final match is scheduled for mid-October, around October 15. When you think about Disney+ Hotstar, IPL is certainly a very, very important component of the offerings, but it’s only one because we also have a very broad portfolio of general entertainment as well as other sports. It has a lot of original content, library content in it from all of the Disney+ brands and IP. And we added over 18,000 of original local programming every year. So, we feel really good about not only the IPL but also Star -- Hotstar+. In LatAm, we will be -- LatAm, the launch for LatAm is in later this quarter. But I don’t have any updates to anything new on the sports side.
Christine McCarthy: Yes. I would just add that our parks -- our plan -- and once again, this is -- we’ll monitor the trends with what’s going on with the Delta variant. But, we’re expecting to have our parks domestically be fully staffed up by the end of this calendar year, calendar 2021. And we’re going to be increasing capacities as we have the demand, and we’re also being able to train -- thoroughly train our employees as they come back in. And once again, this is an ever-changing landscape with COVID, but we’re going to be particularly careful, and we’re also going to bring our capacity online aggressively, but measured. We’re not just going to open up the doors and flung them open. So, we’re doing this in a measured fashion for the health and safety of not only our guests, but also our cast members in the parks.
Christine McCarthy: Yes. Jessica, we fully agree with your assessment of the market and the high degree of affinity that the Japanese market has for Disney IP. So, we’re totally agreeing. We did, as Bob say, a soft launch with a partner last year, but it was only to a small part of the market, and we’re really excited to do the full launch that will be in this coming October for Disney+. And we’ll see how that goes, but we have been very cautiously optimistic as we always are, but we believe that that IP is going to resonate. We don’t, as you know, break out ARPU by individual markets. So, we’ll just be giving you the Disney+ ARPUs the way we currently are doing it.
Christine McCarthy: Sure. And I would just add one thing on the Disney+ core markets. In this third quarter, when you exclude Disney+ Hotstar, we saw solid sub growth quarter-over-quarter net adds consistent with what we saw in the previous quarter. So, we feel really good about the continued growth in our core markets. And on Hotstar, at Investor Day, we said that we anticipated Hotstar to be between 30% and 40% of total Disney+, and we’re not updating that guidance at this point.
