Tom Staggs: Thanks, Bob and good afternoon, everyone. The core part of our strategy and a key source of sustained advantage for Disney is developing and leveraging our powerful brand and franchises across our many lines of business and distribution channels. Our investments in Pixar, Marvel and Lucasfilm underscore and dramatically enhance that advantage. Benefit of our strategy is evident in this quarter's results as our branded content led the healthy increases in operating income with our Parks and Resorts, Studio Entertainment and Consumer Products segment. Parks and Resorts had their highest quarter ever in Q3, in terms of both revenue and operating income. We have seen remarkable excitement for Disneyland's 60th Anniversary Diamond Celebrations which features a new fireworks show, an electrifying nighttime parade and a re-imagined world of colors spectacular, resulting in the highest attendance and profit for any quarter in the resort's history. At Walt Disney World attendance hit a record level for Q3, while also delivering the highest profit for any previous quarter for that location. The Studio continues execute extremely well in our branded tentpole strategy by delivering high-quality, immensely creative and broadly appealing theatrical entertainment. Three of the top six films in the U.S. this year are from Disney; Cinderella, Marvel's Avengers - Age of Ultron and Disney Pixar's Inside Out and all three has helped drive our strong results in the quarter. Inside Out has grossed $330 million in the U.S. and more than $600 million worldwide with more overseas markets yet to open. Avengers - Age of Ultron is now the six highest grossing film of all time with $1.4 billion at the box office. Ant-Man the newest character to join the Marvel cinematic universe spent its first two weekends at number one and has already grossed nearly $300 million worldwide with multiple overseas markets yet to open. And we are extremely pleased with another great original Disney Pixar film the Good Dinosaur coming this Thanksgiving. Of course we are all counting the days till December 18, when Star Wars - The Force Awakens makes its much-anticipated debut. That's just about a 135 days and 10 hours from now in case you are wondering. To give you a sense of the excitement for this film, a single Star Wars panel at Comic-Con this year drove 1.6 billion social and editorial impressions. Following The Force Awakens we release the first standalone Star Wars film Rogue One which is currently in production and will release December 16, 2016. It will be followed by Episode 8 - Star Wars Saga in May of 2017. It will come back in 2018 with a standalone film about young Hans Solo and then Episode 9 will hit theaters in 2019. And that's just the theatrical line up. On August 30th we will launch the Star Wars themed Disney Infinity 3.0 edition followed by an unprecedented consumer products global event called Force Friday on September 4. Stores around the world will open their doors at 12:01 AM to unveil an amazing array of merchandise inspired by Star Wars - The Force Awakens. Of course Star Wars is already a strong contributor among our broad array of powerful franchises for our Consumer Products business where profits were up substantially in the quarter led by the collective strength of Frozen, Avengers and Star Wars. Our Cable Networks benefited from strong visual programming at the Disney Channels and ABC Family which both contributed nicely to cable operating income growth in the quarter. In broadcasting ABC was the only TV network with year on year primetime ratings growth this past season thanks to the success of our lineup of Attorney and net hit shows including Scandal, How To Get Away With Murder, Black-ish and Fresh Off The Boat. ABC also received the most Emmy nominations of any broadcast networks this year, 42 in all, including 10 for the critically acclaimed series American Crime. Looking ahead we are optimistic about ABC's fall lineup which advertisers have responded by agreeing with ABC's industry-leading pricing gains in our just completed Upfront. As Bob said we are pleased with our results in Q3. We remain confident of our ability to create significant value for our shareholders. We have a lot to look forward to across all of our businesses in both the near term and the years ahead. With that I am extremely pleased to welcome Christine to her new role and turn the call over to her to take you through additional details for the quarter.
Tom Staggs: Well just very briefly, Jessica this is Tom. On Tomorrowland, we did see an impact of Tomorrowland in the quarter. Obviously that was more than offset by the success of the other titles. But yes, the underperformance there did show up.
Tom Staggs: Okay, Jessica its Tom. First of all on the foreign exchange Christine talked about that overall impact for next year, but in terms of looking at international attendance right now, the overall we haven't seen dramatic impact on the currency rate in terms of the total attendance. Now if we look at the correlation with where the economies around the world are weakest we also see that in the attendance. So for example, the U.K. was relatively strong this past quarter, while Brazil was a bit lower and so that economic status coupled probably with some changes in exchange rates does have an impact. But if you look at international attendance for Q3 as an example, now Q3 by the way is a perennially lower of the quarters in terms of international attendance percentage wise. It was in the range that we normally experience. So we don’t discern it has a very big impact there. With regard to the 60th there is no question that people have responded well to the 60th and there is obviously a lot of attachment to Disneyland and that has led to what we talked about which is the best quarter ever at Disneyland Resort in terms of attendance and profitability. And so I would say that the 60th is one of the key drivers there but as well as the new content and product that we put in around the 60th to drive it. So Disneyland we expect to continue to do well going forward. And then with regard to Star Wars, as we have said we are excited about Star Wars across the company and parks is no exception. So I would say stay tuned for more specifics about our plans there.
Tom Staggs: And I think the real headline for 2016 and as we get closer to the opening we will do more to help you understand how to look down the road with Shanghai. But for right now this is really about the preopening expenses. So in 2014 we started to incur some opening expenses of size that were noticeable. That number of course has gone up in 2015 which is part of what you see in the International Theme Park results and then that will ramp even further in 2016. You should anticipate that roughly half of the total preopening expenses for the project we will see in 2016. And so the net result of that is Shanghai won't contribute to profitability in 2016 based on our best assumption right now, but then in future years you'll see the real impact and the financial returns which we continue to believe will be quite attractive.
Tom Staggs: So Doug, let me start with the first question. The Parks per cap the growth of 2% that you saw, the real driver there really was the attendance mix where we saw very strong demand at the local level, and especially in the annual pass and that then shows up on the attendance per cap. Food and beverage and merchandise were in line with what we've been seeing prior quarters. So that really is guest mix. But the major initiatives -- we continue to be very pleased with them broadly and with MyMagic+ in particular. This has been broadly available for about a year now. In fact we had about 13 million folks use the MagicBands and they have overwhelmingly called it an excellent experience. So we are very pleased there. We intend to return all of those metrics that we look are pointed in the right direction and MyMagic+ actually was a contributor to the results positively in the quarter. And then also you continue to see the strength of things like the relaunch of California Adventure driving the games at Disneyland. So we feel very good about both that set of initiatives and their continued ability to drive our results.
Christine McCarthy: Okay. Thank you, Michael, that's a great question. The way we hedge foreign exchange is on a multiyear basis. So it does have the benefit of mitigating the full impact of changes in currency rates on operating income. So let me just give you some perspective which I think will explain the year over year change. Back in the summer of 2014 when the U.S. dollar started strengthening we were mostly hedged for fiscal '15. With the continued dollar strength that we saw in this current year 2015, as we layered into additional hedges for fiscal '16 they were at less favorable rates. Hence the year-over-year '15 to '16 impact is currently estimated to be around that $500 million.
Christine McCarthy: Okay. Anthony your question about ESPN, the new NBA deal will occur in 2017 and we still believe that ESPN has plenty of room for growth.
Christine McCarthy: Doug, on the $500 million that's another good question regarding foreign exchange. It's not the simplest subject. But if we had not hedged at all, the FX impact would have been more significant in fiscal '15. But the reason I say that is we don't know what rates are going to do in '16. But right now for fiscal '16 we are expecting that $500 million adverse impact. And the hedge ratios that we have in place are actually more favorable than current levels. So if there were changes in different directions during the year we would continue layering in during '16 for '17. But right now the hedges that we have in place for '17 albeit more modest than where we are for '16, they are with -- right now they look like they would benefit us in a strong dollar market. ESPN in particular, you know the FX issue there is separate and distinct from the $500 million that we talked about. The foreign exchange impact for ESPN is over that three-year period and when we talked back in 2014 at the Investor Day for that outlook, right at that point in time the U.S. dollar had not started its significant strengthening. That was in the summer of '14. So during that period the dollar has significantly strengthened across a number of key currencies for our cable nets, including the yen, euro, the pound as well as the Brazilian real. So that FX impact is part of that outlook guidance that we gave.
Christine McCarthy: It's a combination -- it's the -- it's both the adverse impact of lower expected sub levels and the adverse impact of the stronger dollar.
Christine McCarthy: Thanks, Ben. You can think about the 53rd week in terms of it being an additional week of operations. So it's relatively proportional in the year. So would be a benefit here in fiscal '15 and it would have the reverse effect in fiscal '16.
Christine McCarthy: Thanks, Jason. You are absolutely correct, our leverage has reduced as the company has continued to perform. We generate cash flow that we deploy to returning to shareholders as well as investing in businesses, doing strategic acquisitions. So when we look at our leverage, the number that you quote is actually a gross number and we do look at our leverage in terms of the way the rating agencies look at it, so they will make some adjustments to that for things like pension obligations. So that's a little bit higher from a rating agency perspective. That being said we do enjoy a Mid Single A credit rating. We also are Tier 1 commercial paper issuer. So as it currently stands we feel like we are returning capital to shareholders as well as investing in businesses, doing acquisitions and at the same time we are maintaining financial strength and flexibility.
Bob Iger: On the revenue side Christine said we are sticking to the high single-digits. On the O/I side the combination of slightly less subscribers than we predicted at the time with foreign exchange rate changes leads to us taking the O/I guidance down from the high single-digits to the mid single-digits. But on the revenue side we are maintaining the high single-digit outlook.
Bob Iger: Well I think you can look at this many different ways. One, you can look at it in terms of the overall television landscape and the linear MVPD expanded basic business versus the growth in so-called over-the-top businesses or you can look at specifically with regard to ESPN. I guess I will take the broader sort of market look first. First of all I think while there has been a lot said about what's going on in the multichannel universe and as I said in my comments, it's still the dominant form of television viewing and it is the dominant form clearly for sports viewing as well. And we mentioned 83% -- statistic 83% of all U.S. households watched ESPN, U.S. multichannel households watched ESPN in the first quarter. So you are still looking at a significant amount of consumption through the multichannel universe. We also look at that business and we look at it as a consumer offering and we see huge variety of programming, a lot of live or kind of topical programming that's on, meaning you don't have to wait a year to watch library as a for instance. I mentioned significant amount of variety and quality obviously for prices generally considered reasonable and the price is often bundled with broadband and in some cases with telephony. So when we look at the universe we don't really see dramatic declines over the next say five years or so and therefore we are not taking what I would call radical steps to move our products into over-the-top businesses to disrupt that business because we don’t think right now that is necessarily the greatest opportunity. We just don’t think it's necessary. That said there are new platforms that are launching, some multichannel and some other types of platforms that on the multichannel front they all want our programming. They want ABC, they want Disney Channel, they want ESPN. There isn't one that has talked about launching without coming to us, suggesting a desire to have us. We are going to obviously because we believe that's in our best interest, we are going to take advantage of those opportunities and at the right price under the right circumstances, license our linear channels to those platforms. In addition to that you have the growth of platforms like Netflix or SVOD, that's interesting as well because, while one could argue that for all the right reasons that's starting to incentivize or maybe incentivizing people including millennials to cord cut, it's also providing us opportunities because the Netflix has become a really important partner to us in buying our off-network product, buying original programming for us, the Marvel deal is a good example. And then our film library kicks in the output deal for the '16 slate kicks in. So we look at Netflix actually right now as more friend than foe because they have become an aggressive customer of ours. I also think that products like Netflix are pretty attractive because they offer a very user-friendly, efficient and oftentimes much less expensive way for people to watch television. I am going to say one more thing, I realize I am getting wordy, but the average American is watching about 5.5 hours of TV a day and we see that going up to about 6 hours. The reason they're watching 5.5 hours of TV a day is because of just what I just described as huge value in the multichannel product for customers and its popular and the reason we believe it's going to increase from 5.5 hours to 6 hours is because of the advent of new technology driven platforms, whether they are over-the-top, whether it's SVOD, whether it's new smaller services. So it's a long over that way around my saying that we actually believe that with Disney, ABC, ESPN, our products we are really well-positioned. We've been among the first if not the first to offer our products on new platforms even if it's somewhat disruptive, we still believe in the expanded basic service for years to come but we are going to take advantage of opportunities. It's just hard to say when something either feels too disruptive too fast or not but when we see it, we will tell you about it.
Bob Iger: Todd we cannot get specific about it. I can tell you that our distribution agreements do address the number of subs that are being delivered or that were being paid for and there are facets of those agreements that enable us to amend the business relationship or the contractual relationship that we have with these distributors should subs go below a certain number. When I say amend I am not going to get specific about how we would go about that or what the specific mechanisms are in the contracts for that because frankly its confidential. Since you I guess asked a little bit about maybe the future and new deals, I can only say and you know a lot of these deals run for multiple years, but I can only say that when we enter new deals we will probably take an even longer term view about what threats and what opportunities exist for us in the marketplace. So that we are both protective against the threats and we are given full opportunity to take advantage of changes in the marketplace that could strengthen our business alike going direct to consumers should we conclude that that becomes the more attractive alternative to us.
Bob Iger: No. Not commenting on that except to say that we have got ongoing discussions with them. I think they clearly recognize that the channels and the product that we offer have great value to them in their current services and the new services that they are contemplating launching.
Bob Iger: On the motion picture side we see global motion picture consumption actually growing. A lot of that is obviously due to the number one growth market in the world in terms of grosses and that's China where we have seen just massive increase in movie-going over the last two to three years. I know a lot's been said about the window and weather technology and the opportunity to view under higher-quality circumstances in the home is going to compress the theatrical window. For the kind of movies that we make which are largely what I will call tent-pole films, we actually believe the theatrical window is incredibly important to us and at the moment we don't really see any need to aggressively compress it. We time our -- call it this the home video product that goes into the marketplace very carefully, mostly the track, the retail opportunities that we have as a company, retail opportunities to both sell the movie into that window and retail opportunities to take advantage of the Consumer Products sales that we generally get at retail from a lot of the movies that we make. So we think that generally motion picture consumption is increasing in the world, it's been relatively flat in the United States by the way I don’t think that's going to change and for at least us we don’t really see taking steps to decrease the most -- the theatrical window because frankly its working for us.
Bob Iger: On the Star Wars front David, we know that there is just incredible interest in this film. We have put two teaser trailers out and the response has been enormous. Anything that moves gets a lot of attention and anticipation is obviously huge and we've seen some examples already of Star Wars product going to the marketplace on the Consumer Products front including in markets like China that are very, very encouraging. That said as enthusiastic as we are for what we know of the film, we've not seen a Star Wars film than the original one since 2005 and there are markets around the world that are less familiar with Star Wars than say the United States for instance. So while the enthusiasm is I think rather apparent we just want to be careful that the world doesn’t get ahead of us too much in terms of the estimates and we've seen them as well. We are making at this point no estimates whatsoever in terms of what we believe the film will do. We know we have probably the most viable film franchise that ever existed. We know we have the ability as a company to leverage it in very, very compelling ways whether it's in Disney Infinity, whether it's at Parks Tim sited, whether it's on the Consumer Products front or on the TV front. And we fully expect that the success of this film will reverberate throughout the company not only in 2016 but in the years beyond because we obviously have a rich slate of Star Wars films coming. So we just want to be careful here that the market doesn’t get too far ahead of us or ahead of itself even on this. Let's all continue to anticipate the movie and be optimistic about it, but we have to take a wait-and-see approach in terms of what it will do. On the Shanghai front I am going to let Tom talk about the economic impacts in '16. But you know there to like Star Wars in many ways there is huge anticipation. And as I mentioned in my comments the reaction to what we revealed a couple of weeks ago in Shanghai was extraordinary not just in terms of the level of interest, but the level of enthusiasm. And the positive reaction to the fact that we are building a Park that was of such scale and was so unique in many ways particularly in a blend of what I call traditional Disney Theme Park experiences and a lot of things that are both original and very, very specifically tailored for the Chinese market.
Bob Iger: On the question about China, the announcement that was made about a deal with Youku I think you mentioned was not correct. We have not entered into a partnership arrangement with them. The home-video market in China is obviously challenged by the fact that it's a market that's been you know rife with piracy and so a legitimate home-video market never quite developed there. There are a number of new platforms that have launched or that are expected to launch and we are in a number of conversations none that we can discuss because we are not ready to announce it with some of them about output deals for our films. And we feel good about essentially digital delivery of these films into a window that's likely to be lucrative for us over a long period of time. And essentially enable us to put legitimate products into the marketplace swiftly to hopefully counter what we've encountered in a lot of Asian markets which is piracy.
Bob Iger: We're seeing real growth but it is still relatively small in terms of total dollars versus what we see on the traditional platforms. In ESPN's case as we have said before they package their ad sales across all of their platforms. They are basically their linear more analog platforms as well as all their digital platforms and platforms like radio and even their magazine. But we think that there is going to be tremendous growth from a percentage basis of digital and we're going to continue to work with advertisers and with the research firms that are out there to work to not only get more creative but to provide more details, essentially more consumption research, so that we can grow the business even more. The demand is clearly there. What you see in the advertising community not only have you seen much more opportunity for local addressable advertising but you see a huge demand from the advertising community as well. By the way while we are on the subject of ESPN because we have been on it a lot, so why not. I want to make one other point about it. First of all we have said a number of times, you think ESPN, you have to think about the NFL, the NBA, Major League Baseball, the best package available on College Football, College Football Championships, College Basketball, events like Wimbledon and U.S. Open et cetera. The other thing you have to consider is that in many of these cases we are only at the beginning or in some cases not even at the beginning like the NBA of new deals to kick in. Those new deals all provide for more programming, more opportunity for content on digital platforms, which will enable us to increase consumption on digital platforms and grow that business even more and generally more flexibility in terms of how we distribute this product. So the NBA's a great example. You can have a huge increase in essentially inventory on ESPN across its platforms. So while there is definitely increasing costs, there is a huge increase in terms of opportunity as well to reach more people, to serve advertisers more effectively and to grow our digital platforms.
