Robert Iger: Thanks, Ben. To give you some perspective, in the summer of 2017, I think it was during our August earnings call, we announced our intention to purchase the controlling interest in BAMTech and to launch Disney and ESPN direct-to-consumer service. Soon after that, Rupert and I first started engaging in conversation about the possibility of buying 21st Century Fox assets, so that when we began analyzing their value, it was all through the lens of the launch of direct-to-consumer platforms. And we were able to, in analyzing value, really think hard about how we might use or leverage both the content we are buying -- I'm talking about library, the brands we are buying and the titles, but also the people at Fox, which is critical, to essentially enable us to fulfill our goals as it related to direct-to-consumer.  And I think if you then sort of dissolve almost all the way forward to our Investor Day and think about the fact that Uday Shankar was on stage talking about direct-to-consumer business service in India, which is beyond what we're even imagining back in '17, but the fact that National Geographic was well-represented, the fact that we announced The Simpsons deal, just a few examples, you can -- I think immediately conclude that the vision that we had, which is to analyze value through that lens, was basically being implemented or showing potential right away. I can't emphasize enough the importance of people, too. Because as I think we all know, these are ambitious plans, both in terms of managing the technology side and the interface with consumers, but in particular, ambitious plans when it comes to the creation of original content. And whether you're looking at the movie side or in the TV side, although in the direct-to-consumer front, the television side probably takes the front seat, we need great people to create all the programming and to supervise all of the talent that will be needed to serve consumers well on these platforms. And what we got -- in my prepared remarks earlier, but what we got in this acquisition upfront is just amazing. And so I feel really confident in our plans -- in the plans that we've announced and our ability to execute because of what we bought. It's kind of that simple.  I know as I compare these to the Marvel, Pixar and Star Wars acquisitions, there are great similarities and there's some dissimilarities. I'd say Pixar and Marvel and Star Wars were probably more brand-focused, although in Pixar's case, it came with a solution to basically addressing the problems we have been having at Disney Animation. Marvel and Star Wars were brands. They're both about people as well; franchises long-term value. Here, we get a little bit of everything. We get some really strong brands: Nat Geo, Simpsons, good example of that. But we also have brands that we feel we can even strengthen by fueling them with more resources to create more product using those brands and put them front and center of our new platforms. I've talked about a lot of them in the past. And in all cases, I'd say we got great people, and that's very, very evident to us today. And also the other thing that's happening is how quickly we've been able to integrate not only the assets, but the people into our plans. I'd say if I'm pleasantly surprised -- one thing I'm most surprised about in a positive sense is how quickly we put people in significant positions of leadership in the company that can not only help manage our businesses today, but manage our businesses into the future.
Robert Iger: Michael, right now, there are regulations in China that might limit what we can do from an OTT perspective. Certainly, what we can do on our own, we'd have to -- at this point, if we're going to launch something, it'd have to be with a local partner and shared ownership. So we're going to have to work our way through that. We certainly believe there are opportunities. Interestingly, if you look at the performance of Avengers: Endgame -- I was going to mention this as it related to Shanghai. But Marvel has gotten extremely popular in China, and I think this film has already done somewhere in the neighborhood of $600 million in box office -- dollars in box office in China already, and it's just enormously popular. So the idea of bringing the Marvel television shows to China as part of a direct-to-consumer platform or proposition is something that we're very, very interested in. And as it relates specifically to Shanghai, we think we have a huge opportunity for Marvel there. We built something somewhat temporary in nature, just a tent that features Marvel franchises and characters, because when we began designing the park in Shanghai, it was only soon after really we had purchased Marvel, and we went in early enough to do it. But there are great opportunities long term given the affinity people have in China for these characters. That's a hint to our parks and resorts group. We should be hard at work already designing and developing some Marvel presence in Shanghai. They're listening, I know.
Robert Iger: We did some deals, Marci, to get some of the content back that had been licensed to third parties. We continue to explore ways that we might be able to get more back. But what we announced at Investor Day included some of the rights that we've managed to buy back or negotiate back from what had been licensed to third parties. And there's still some out there that we're exploring.
Robert Iger: I don't want get too specific on that, but there was a window in the Netflix deal that enable us access to some of the films, so it's the films that we were licensing to them, and again, I don't want to get more specific than that. But when we did the Netflix deal some -- way back, we envisioned, even though it was at that point, far off, the possibility that one day we might want to launch our own service. So we carved out an ability to run some of the films on such a service, and it did pay off.
Robert Iger: Doug, first of all, we're bullish about Hulu for a number of reasons, but mostly because as we see it, it's the best consumer television proposition out there because it offers linear channels that include a lot of live news and sports, in-season stacking of network programming, a lot of great original programming, and then, of course, a lot of library beyond just the network library in season that I suggested. With Comcast as basically a 33% owner, any big decisions that are made as it relates to investment or expansion would have to be done with their cooperation. And again, I think we would probably both share a bullish outlook about Hulu, but we can't do it on our own.
Robert Iger: Well, on the gambling front, we've said, and actually we've already done some things that we would integrate it into our programming, but not to the extent that we would be facilitating gambling as an entity. In other words, we'll provide programming that will, I guess, be designed to enlighten people who are betting on sports. But that's as far as we would go. And I think you'll see more of it integrated in the programming, but we just don't intend to go into the gambling business. On Sunday ticket, I think I'd rather -- I'm not going to elaborate much except that there have been some exploration as to whether there was an opportunity there, but I'm going to leave it at that. And we're very bullish on the NFL. By the way, we got a great schedule this coming year. But we're bullish on the relationship ESPN has with the NFL. And I think we all believe that there are opportunities to strengthen our relationship with them.
Robert Iger: Well, obviously Warner has sold their stake to us -- or AT&T Time Warner sold their stake to us. And I can't get specific about what was tied to that, but there were some ongoing relationship as it related to their product including their channels. And as it relates to the other question and maybe going back to the one that was asked earlier, we're 2/3 owner of Hulu. So the big decisions that are made, there's a vote that is to occur. But we're going to be mindful of how that's managed knowing that we have a fiduciary responsibility to the third-party owner, to Comcast, 33%. And I would imagine -- and I think we've publicly confirmed that there have been -- there has been dialogue with Comcast about them possibly divesting their stake. And you can expect that if that were to occur, there probably would be some ongoing relationship as it resulted to programming.
Robert Iger: I'm not going to get more specific than that, so I can't help you at all in terms of your assumptions beyond what I just said.
Robert Iger: We're building a considerable Marvel presence at Disneyland as we speak. And as I don't remember how specific we've gotten about what's in it, but I was there last week, 1.5 weeks, and there's a lot of construction going on. I just have to check. I just don't recall whether we've been specific about what's in it. There are -- I think actually I saw an image online recently of a design concept, but I don't know whether that was leaked or not. We have said that -- and we already have a Guardians of the Galaxy presence as we converted Tower of Terror, and there'll be a Spider-Man attraction as part of the expansion that I'm describing. We're also building a Guardians of the Galaxy coaster in -- at Epcot in Florida, where there are more restrictions to the question that you asked than we have in California. And then in China, we don't have any restrictions. So I imagine we're, at some point, going to get very ambitious about what we do with Marvel at Shanghai Disneyland.
Christine McCarthy: So Ben, let me address your questions on synergy and the balance sheet. First of all, in synergy, we're still on track to deliver the 2 -- at least $2 billion in cost synergies related to the acquisition. We told you initially that you should expect us to realize about half of those benefits by the first full year and the remainder in the second full year. And once again, the $2 billion in cost synergies never included anything from the RSN, so that's immaterial to us achieving this $2 billion going forward. The other thing I've mentioned, and you'll see it in the press release and more disclosure in the Q, you saw some charges taken for restructuring. That number was 6 62.  We'll continue to take those charges as we continue to achieve those synergies, and you'll be able to follow it quarter-by-quarter. On the balance sheet side, we did significantly increase our debt portfolio. At the close, we had about $18 billion of long-term debt. And with the increment of debt and related positions coming from other entities, the balance -- the debt portfolio went up to about $52 billion. That's a number that our treasury group has been managing, too. We did some bond exchanges leading up to the close of the acquisition. So we're aggressively managing that portfolio in the same manner in which we have always managed the balance of short-term and long-term liquidity management and the way we positioned that balance sheet. On the -- you're probably also curious about leverage, and we have not recommenced any share buyback because we said we would not be doing that until our leverage ratios came back in line with that of the single A company. So for the time being, you can assume that our share repurchases will be suspended.
Christine McCarthy: Jessica, I would just add one thing on margins. Since I have been in this role, I think any time a question came up about the growth in the parks' margins, it was usually asked in the vein of, can this margin improvement continue. And I just want to say that while we don't give any guidance on margins, there's nothing structural that would prevent our margins growing from here. And as Bob articulated, the growth -- the yield strategy is something that benefits the parks on multiple levels, spreading the demand, improving the guest experience, and also driving to the bottom line. We also see further potential for improvement in our international parks businesses and also managing our cost base effectively by deploying capital and labor efficiently. So I don't think there's any -- there's no constraint right now that we believe on our parks margins.
Christine McCarthy: Alexia, before you go, I just want to add one thing on Avengers: Endgame. And I said a very similar thing a year ago as it related to Avenger's Infinity War. Given the size of the cast involved and anyone who's seen it, knows that the cast was extremely large, and the cost to produce a film of that scale of magnitude and length, while we expect the results for this film to be terrific, they will be tempered somewhat by the cost structure. And I said the exact same thing as it related to Infinity War.
Christine McCarthy: Okay. Now onto the more exciting leverage question, Michael. Let me just say that the -- that our approach to our physical discipline, it has not changed. It's just that we're managing more. But we're right now in the middle of our long-range planning process, which will be followed by our annual process. We'll work through this between -- over the next few months, and we'll have more clarity on it probably by next earnings release. However, what I would say is that we've -- the rating agencies maintain a very solid working relationship with the company. In particular, the treasury team. And they have all been apprised of the activities around the company, not only on our own, but also with closing and with the integration of Fox. And you can see where their positioning us, which is maintaining us at our current ratings level. We have every intention of bringing that down as quickly as possible, but we're going to balance that with investing in our businesses to create that long-term shareholder value.
Christine McCarthy: Okay. Let me take first this sub-question. As you saw in the Investor Day, we have committed to being very transparent as it relates to our strategy and our progress in our direct-to-consumer initiative. As you mentioned, Disney+ is not yet launched, there's nothing to report. But as we get further into the latter part of the calendar year, while we haven't -- not going to commit to exactly when, we will be providing sub-numbers going forward at the appropriate time as well as some of the other metrics that we spelled out on the Investor Day. So once again, our commitment is to transparency to allow you to understand the progress that we're making in this business. It's very important to us. And on the theatrical side, we do manage our studio to margins and returns more specifically. We look at those returns on a regular basis. We update them at when a film is in its early runs. But it's very much a return-driven business.
Christine McCarthy: And Doug, as it relates to the studio and where it factors in with the $2 billion of synergies, at the time that we announced the transaction, that was the number, and it did include the studio. It included a reduction in output as well as 2 studios that had a significant amount of overlap. With overlap came redundancies, and that's all part of the cost synergies that were well on the way of realizing for the studio.
Christine McCarthy: As I mentioned earlier, we are in the early stage -- well in the middle of, not early stages, in the middle of our long-range planning which will go out within the next couple of years, probably in greater detail than we would do if we had not done this acquisition. But we're in the middle of doing that. So to the extent to which there's any refinement of the accretion dilution, we'll report it at the right point in time.
