Robert Iger: Great. Steve, happy to weigh in on both of those. First, in terms of attendance, what we're basically communicating is relative to the post-COVID highs, things are tending to normalize. The Parks business did 10% growth in the quarter. And obviously, that's an extremely high revenue number. That said, we still see in the bookings that we look ahead towards indicate healthy growth in the business. So we still certainly feel good about the opportunities for continued strong growth. In addition to that, just to comment a bit more on the timing. As I mentioned on the intro, we do have some onetime expenses occurring in Q3. If we were to back out one-timers both for Q3 and Q4, we expect OI for the quarter to be in the mid- to high single-digit range for Q3 and to be double digit for Q4. So certainly feel like the Parks business is still doing very, very well. Obviously, we've got the best in the business in terms of product and people still have a strong desire to basically go on vacation and come to see us. With regard to DTC margins, a couple of comments on that. First, our goal with this business is to make it a great growth business with healthy margins, right? We want both, not one versus the other. We've got a lot of levers that give us strong reasons to believe that there's good growth in front of us, whether it's the great programming we have, whether it's higher engagement through bundling. And we've got examples of that coming in Latin America as well as adding the sports tile, the ESPN tile to our Disney+ offering. And obviously, we've already added Hulu. In addition to that, password sharing remains an opportunity. We're just getting started on reducing distribution costs or an opportunity and leveraging technology for direct-to-consumer marketing as well as recommendation engines, which help both on the revenue and cost side. And ultimately, we'll get to building out the international business even more strongly. So from the perspective of building the business, it will be a combination of both managing costs more tightly but also growth, which will allow us to leverage the cost structure we have right now. And we feel very, very positively about that. Specific timing, I'm not going to comment on for margins. I don't like to get ahead of the next year until we get to the next year. And in addition to that, from a competitive perspective, I'd rather not give my competitors the pathway and exactly how and when we're going to achieve the margin goals we're looking to achieve. But overall, business is in great shape, and we feel good about the growth prospects. 
Robert Iger: Thanks, Ben. First on ESPN. I think you have to start in terms of projecting the next 12 to 18 months and also considering where it might go from an OI perspective, as it transitions more to a digital business. You have to look at today and the ratings success of ESPN's phenomenal menu of sports product or the ratings success of live sports in general across the business. I mean what you saw with obviously the women's NCAA basketball championships. But across the board, I mentioned in my comments, what the April numbers look like, highest April on record as it for instance, in Primetime at ESPN. So I see sports continuing basically to shine in a world where there's just considerably more choice. Live matters. The other thing that's really important is the engagement that live generates. And I mentioned in my comments, which we haven't really talked about much. And I guess a lot of attention has been on the JV that we announced as well as on flagship, which has taken ESPN direct at the end of '25. But at the end of this year, we're going to put an ESPN tile on Disney+ which will have a modest amount of programming, but it's a start in terms of essentially conditioning the audience or subscribers to Disney+ and Hulu, the fact that sports is going to be there. And it also will help us in terms of overall engagement with our bundle. As I look ahead, I think ESPN is going to make a pivot toward digital, but without abandoning linear. So it will remain on linear if people want to get ESPN and its different channels through a cable or a satellite subscription, that's fine. And if they want to pivot smoothly because there will be many different access points to get the digital product to ESPN Digital. They can do so as part of a bundle with other sports services. They can do so directly from ESPN with the ESPN app or they can do it as part of a bundle with our own services. So I feel very bullish about it. You also have to look at the menu of sports rights that ESPN has bought and Hugh did a good job describing this on the air this morning in one of his interviews. First of all, we've locked up long-term deals with significant sports organizations. That includes college football championships, all the NCAA championships and the NFL. We're confident or optimistic we're going to end up with an NBA deal that will be long term in our best interest and the best interest of our subscribers. And then you look at all the studio product, there's really nothing like ESPN in the sports world and their hand is solid for the next decade. So I feel I'm very bullish, smooth transition to digital, multiple touch points for the consumer, quality programming and sports in general live being very, very attractive in terms of its programming. IP at the studio. I've talked a lot about this, as you know. We feel great about the slate coming up, including 3 of the big movies that we have with Planet of the Apes this weekend. Followed by Inside Out 2, which is a great film. And then Deadpool, you mentioned Marvel Ben, in -- coming in July. And then the end of the year, we've got -- we have Alien in the end of the summer, and then we've got Moana 2 and Mufasa at the end of the year. We've been working hard with the studio to reduce output and focus more on quality. That's particularly true with Marvel. I know you mentioned television shows. Some of what is coming up is a vestige of basically a desire in the past to increase volume. We're slowly going to decrease volume and go to probably about 2 TV series a year instead of what had become 4 and reduce our film output from maybe 4 a year to 2 to the maximum 3. And we're working hard on what that path is. We've got a couple of good films in '25. And then we're heading to more Avengers, which we're extremely excited about. So -- and overall, I feel great about the slate. It's something, as you know, that I've committed to spending more and more time on. The team is, I think, one that I have tremendous confidence in. And the IP that we're mining, including all the sequels that we're doing is second to none. So I feel really good about what's coming up. 
Robert Iger: Sure. I'll take that. Thanks for the question, Jessica. I think that was 2 questions, parts A through E if I captured it correctly. In terms of advertising, generally speaking, the advertising market is pretty healthy right now as we head into the upfront. Certainly, live and sports are playing out very well. And in addition to that, we feel good about the offering we have, particularly in terms of the premium offerings that we have, both in sports as well as with the Disney+ offering. The challenge, obviously, in the advertising market right now is there's a lot more supply in the market, largely as a result of one of our competitors entering the ad tier. But that said, I think generally speaking, we feel like we're in a better place than we were a year ago, and we have healthy momentum across nearly all the categories. Auto may be one exception and maybe to some degree, electronics as well. But by and large, demand is out there, and it's pretty high. So we lap our way out of the supply increase, I think we're going to be in a good spot as we enter next year. Password sharing beginning next month, in very select markets. We're starting to go after people who are sharing passwords improperly. And that will roll out in earnest or across the globe in September. We feel quite bullish about it. Obviously, we're heartened by the results that Netflix has delivered in their password sharing initiative and believe that it will be one of the contributors to growth, as you noted, going forward. I think it's also important to note, look, Netflix is, in many respects, the gold standard when it comes to streaming. But what I mean by that is if you look at programming, we stack up really well. We have a great lineup and quality of programming across not just ESPN and Disney+, but also Hulu. What we're building is the technology that Netflix has had in place and has been building for well over a decade to improve the business from a bottom line perspective. And that starts with password sharing, but it's all the things that Hugh mentioned as well. So I feel good about this being a necessary and very, very productive next step in terms of rolling out the technology that we need to get to the double-digit margins that he has talked about. Lastly, in terms of the NBA, I'm really not going to comment about profitability or about the cost of the package except to say, as we've said before, we continue to look at the NBA, not only as a premium sports product but is a sports product that has growth ahead of it. Obviously, with great demographics. We feel really good about the potential package that we will end up with in terms of it basically enabling ESPN to continue to shine in the television sports business. And I think it would be -- I won't say anything more about it at this point. If and when there's an announcement, we'll give more details. 
Robert Iger: I'll start on the sports question. We have selective rights -- international rights for sports of the sports properties that we've licensed largely for the United States. We also have an array of sports rights in Latin America, many of them came with the acquisition of 20th Century Fox. We're being selective about adding international rights right now where possible, where the opportunity exists, we're doing so. But we're not investing heavily at this point in growing international rights, except again, where we can buy them along with the rights that we're licensing for the United States. It's an opportunity for us to plant the seeds of more growth for ESPN outside the United States, but we're walking before we run in that regard. 
Robert Iger: Regarding succession, Kannan, as we've said before, the Board is heavily engaged in the process and has appointed a succession planning committee that is meeting on a regular basis to not just discuss, but also to manage the process, I'm confident that they will choose the right person at the right time. And that to the extent that I can, we'll participate in the smooth transition. 
Robert Iger: The plan is if you buy ESPN flagship, then you'll get all the ESPN+ programming in it. If you do not want that, then you can buy ESPN+ on its own. In addition, if you -- our current plan is that with the tile that we're putting on, the combined Disney+ Hulu app, the ESPN tile, you'll be able -- if you're an ESPN+ subscriber, you'll be able to get ESPN+ through that tile. 
Robert Iger: We're going to balance sequels with originals, particularly in animation. We had gone through a period where our original films in animation, both Disney and Pixar were dominating. We're now swinging back a bit to lean on sequels. And so we've talked, as you know, about Toy Story and obviously, Inside Out this summer. I just think that right now, given the competition and the overall movie marketplace that actually, there's a lot of value in sequels, obviously, because they're known, and it takes less in terms of marketing. In terms of Marvel specifically, it implies there too. We actually have both Thunderbolts as if for instance, is coming up in 2025 as an original. And then, of course, we mentioned Deadpool this summer, which is a sequel. And I talked about Avengers and Captain America is coming out in 2025. It will just be a balance, which we think is right.  In terms of 20th Century Fox, we continue to look at the library to see what can be mined. I mentioned Alien earlier. We talked about Avatar 3, which is coming, obviously, Planet of the Apes where there might be more opportunity pending the success of the film to do more. I don't think we'll necessarily lean into the library, but we'll continue to look opportunistically at it. 
Robert Iger: We are already doing some licensing with Netflix, and we're looking selectively at other possibilities. I don't want to declare that it's a direction will go more aggressively or not, but we certainly are taking a look at it and being expansive in our thinking about it. We had previously thought that exclusivity, meaning our own product and our own platforms had huge value. It does -- definitely does have some value. But as you know, we're also watching as some studios of licensed content to third-party streamers, and that then creates more traction, more awareness. In effect, increases not only the value of the content from a financial perspective, but just in terms of traction. So we're looking at it with an open mind. But I don't think you should expect that we'll do a significant amount of it. 
Hugh Johnston: And then last on your question around the timing on ESPN+ subscriptions. That's normal seasonality. That's one of the challenges when you look at things from 1 quarter to the next, the seasonality tends to get ignored, but the end of college football season, we do typically see a decline. So nothing out of the ordinary there. 
Hugh Johnston: And then, Robert, to answer your question about studio profitability, as I look back, studio profitability has got some cyclicality to it. And we certainly feel very good about the upcoming slate. That business should get back to profitability, and we certainly feel good about it being a healthy, profitable business over time. Beyond that, I don't want to get into quarterly guidance on a subcomponent of one of our segments. So it's just getting a little bit too low into the details. 
Hugh Johnston: Okay. I'll take the first one. Regarding the investment in the parks, you know the financials of that business well. It's a 25-plus margin business and has been for an extended period of time, has terrifically high guest satisfaction scores, which create layers of advantage, would suggest we should be able to sustain high margins and high returns on investment. With the business with that profile, you invest in it. We know there are lots of opportunities to continue to grow attendance, both domestically and internationally. And the cruise business, frankly, is one that has an enormous number of opportunities for us over time. And that is why we're leaning, we're heavily into that business. So we're not investing capital, obviously, to achieve poor returns. We expect to get excellent returns out of the business, in particular in cruises, given the margin profile of the business, and the fact that it's got the highest guest satisfaction scores in the company. This leads just to conclude, this is a business with a lot of runway left in it, and that will deliver great returns to our shareholders. 
Hugh Johnston: John, I'm happy to talk about engagement a little bit on the platform. As I mentioned earlier, the things that we believe drive engagement and still represents significant incremental opportunity for us is number one, programming, having terrific programming is obviously the leading factor. And with what we've been introducing recently, whether it's Shogun, whether it's The Bear over the next couple of years on the TV side. And obviously, the terrific movie slate that's right in front of us.  As we window it into the streaming service, we think that's going to do great things for engagement. In addition to that, things like recommendation engines, obviously, increase engagement because people are getting more of a sense of what it is that they want to watch based on the suggestions that we make. In addition to that, we do see bundling as an opportunity. Sports bundling, which is why we're putting the ESPN Taiwan. In Latin America, we're combining all into the Disney+ app. Again, all this is geared towards driving engagement. So overall, you can be confident we've got laser focused on driving engagement because we know it leads to subscriber satisfaction and it leads to lower churn over time. 
Hugh Johnston: Yes. I'll take the first question on this. Look, it's very early days, obviously, in terms of the Charter deal. During the quarter, it was only in place for a couple of months. That said, we're happy with it so far. We obviously have gotten added subscribers. And in addition to that, cannibalization has not been very high. And overall, the engagement has been good. So as for it being a template for the future, I don't think I would go to that level. Each of these deals in many ways has to be architected to the specific needs of the partner as well as our needs. So I don't think I would think of it as a template for the future, but it's been a successful deal for us and for Charter. So we feel good about it. 
