Alexia Quadrani: Good afternoon. It’s my pleasure to welcome everybody to the Walt Disney Company’s fourth quarter 2022 earnings call. Our press release was issued about 25 minutes ago and is available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today’s call is being webcast and a replay and transcript will also be available on our website. Joining me for today’s call are Bob Chapek, Disney’s Chief Executive Officer and Christine McCarthy, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Bob and Christine, we will be happy to take some of your questions. So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob to get started.
Alexia Quadrani: Thanks, Christine. [Operator Instructions] And with that, operator, we’re ready for your first question.
Alexia Quadrani: Okay. Thanks. Note that – I have to read a statement here, for those of you that are still on. Note that the reconciliation of non-GAAP measures that were referred to on this call to equivalent GAAP measures can be found in our Investor Relations website. Let me also remind you that certain statements on this call, including financial estimates or statements about our plans, guidance, expectations lease or business prospects or other statements are not historical in nature may constitute forward-looking statements under the securities laws. We make these statements on the basis of our views and assumptions regarding future events, business performance at the time that we make them and we do not undertake any obligation to update these statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from the results expressed or implied in light of a variety of factors, including economics or industry factors or execution risks, including the connection with our DTC business plans relating to content creation and future subscriber growth churn, financial impact of Disney+ ad tier and our new pricing model and cost rationalization. For more information about key risk factors, please refer to our Investor Relations website, the press release issued today, the risks or uncertainties described in our Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. And we want to thank you all for joining us today and wish you a great rest of the day.
Bob Chapek: Alright. Thank you, Ben. In terms of trying to communicate to consumers the multitude of options we’re getting them, we believe that more choice is actually good. And you’re right, it’s predicated upon our ability to communicate the options to the consumer but we’ve got so many years of history with Hulu, where we’ve given them options between advertising and non-advertising Hulu+ Live TV, without Hulu+ Live TV that we believe that we’ve got a pretty good formula for how we could communicate and that formulas* work very well domestically. And so we believe it will work as well internationally as well as across both Hulu, Disney+ and ESPN+. I think it’s important to keep in mind that we’ve got unmatched brands. And as we continue to go ahead and extend our reach and there are different business models, different pricing models to consumers that, that choice itself will really enable us to have maximum penetration regardless of the brand under which the option is given to consumers, but also at the same time, as our platforms become just that, more and more platforms and less and less just distribution options we’ve got a pretty good formula, I think, for making that simple for the consumer, but also enabling for the consumer to go ahead and subscribe in the way that suits them best.
Bob Chapek: Our approach going forward is going to be focused largely on profitability, keeping in mind though, that the revenue growth that we have is also going to be a key component towards the overall profitability. If we look at the content that’s going to actually fuel our subscriber growth and our engagement, we are obviously managing that very carefully. Christine talked about some cost management initiatives. That’s not only across marketing, but also on the content spending itself as well. But we have also got an opportunity, I believe to manage that profitability through that pricing power that we believe we have. We launched these services at tremendous values to the consumer. And everything that we have got shows us that we still have some opportunity for continued price value exploration on all of our services. So, we believe that – and our history shows that when we have taken price increases across our streaming businesses that we don’t meaningfully increase churn or cancellations. So, we believe we have still got some headroom there. So, whether it’s cost management or attention to revenue growth through sub ads through our great content additions or through ARPU, we believe that we have got a formula that gives us great confidence that we are going to achieve the guidance that we communicated.
Bob Chapek: Okay. In terms of ESPN growth, I think we all have to keep in mind that, number one, ESPN is that powerhouse brand. And we certainly, over time, have been able to enjoy the benefits of that brand in a linear world. However, going forward, we have got the ability not only to continue to enjoy those benefits in the linear world, but also began to grow our opportunities in the digital realm and leverage that brand’s growth into other avenues that therefore we have not been able to necessarily tap into. I think it’s also important to look at ESPN in terms of an important part of the overall Disney portfolio or synergy machine. It is an integral part of the bundle itself. So, when you take the fact that it’s a great brand, we have the opportunity to grow it into different avenues. And as I have said before, sort of one foot on the dock, one foot on the boat and be flexible in terms of our speed of evolution, I think it’s going to be an important part of our business going forward. Live advertising continues to be a really important benefit that we sell into our advertising community. We have got multiple platforms, and I believe that it’s going to be a very robust part of our company going forward, whether or not it’s linear or whether it’s digital or somewhere in between.
Bob Chapek: Okay. Yes, in terms of the sort of the landscape changing with new entrants, we really like our strong position that we have got going forward, not only in terms of the breadth of the sports that we are engaged in, but also the terms of the deals that we have. So, we have exercised with discipline. I think the college conferences in terms of our negotiation, making sure that we recognize that we don’t need everything. We just need the right things. But also making sure that as we go forward, we are looking at multi-platform rights. We will not do deals where we don’t get multi-platform rights to give us that very flexibility that we talked about toggling between sort of the more linear traditional legacy distribution channels and that of the more digital forward-looking platforms. The big one that’s coming up, obviously, for us would be the NBA. We would love to be in business with the NBA. But again, we are going to do it in a fiscally responsible way and seeking multi-platform rights. So, we feel really good about our position going forward with the rights that we have already got and the one or two that are still in play.
Christine McCarthy: Okay. Ben, on your question about the Parks margins. So DPEP’s segment margin came in around 20.4% for this quarter, and that is lower than previous quarters this year. Let’s remember that Q4 is historically the lowest quarter of the year for margins. And there is two things going on here, both is on the revenue and the expense side. On the revenue side, it is primarily driven by traditional seasonality, back-to-school time and to a lesser extent, as I called out in my comments, the impact of Hurricane Ian, that was a $65 million drag on the quarter. We have been using 2019 as our base for comparison, pre-pandemic. So when you compare it to fiscal ‘19 Q4 the lower margin is driven by international park performance. And then if you flip to the expense side, the increase in quarter-over-quarter expenses is the continued effect of bringing on some more guest offerings. Those are things like night-time spectaculars. We also have hard ticket events, and they have a lot of cost just in terms of setup and breakdown. We also remember, have a new ship, the Wish that just started operations, and there are some other smaller one-time items, but those are the real drivers of that lower margin this quarter.
Christine McCarthy: Well, I will take that, Phil. So, direct-to-consumer for ‘24 profitability, you should be thinking about it as a quarter, not a year basis. And then on some of the profitability drivers that we talked about that I think answered the question about the economy. We do have things like the steady state of content on the service, that’s independent of the economy. We are focusing on bundled offerings as we refine our value proposition. There is also increasing international core market penetration. Once again, that is somewhat reliant on a stable economy. And increasing ARPU through the pricing increases would also, I think be something that could be sensitive to the economic environment. We do have the Disney+ ad tier launch and ad monetization growth. And the indications that we have so far is that those are very strong. So, we really are looking at sort of the puts and takes on what’s going to be economically sensitive. But we just think in abundance of caution, we really have to keep the health of the consumer in mind when we think about achieving all of our goals this upcoming year.
Christine McCarthy: Yes. Thanks for that question and follow-up, Phil. We are actively evaluating our cost base currently, and we are looking for meaningful efficiencies. Some of those are going to provide some near-term savings and others are going to drive longer term structural benefits. I just would point to what we did in the parks during the pandemic. We did some structural changes and the parks is better off because of that. But those were structural benefits that did not flow back into their cost base. We will update you with more information as our plan evolves.
Christine McCarthy: Yes. So, talking about parks, Michael, what is different is compared to the last time we had a slowdown in the economy for managing our parks business, we have more commercial tools and levers available to us. One of the ones that’s quite obvious is discounting. That’s something that we have used in the past, and we will continue to use it because it is an effective lever for managing your yield, but we are not going to use it to the extent to which we used it during the last recession. Some of the other things that are new would be the reservation system. So, we manage attendance now. We can track it real time. On many days, we are fully booked now, but we can adjust that and be very flexible and real time on adjusting it if we so choose. The other thing is we have a tiered pricing structure that gives us a lot of flexibility. And we also have re-imagined our annual pass business model, and we could also have some more flexibility in using our annual pass program. We also have technology advancements, and this is more on the expense side. That provides us opportunities for cost flexibility. So, we have things like mobile ordering, contactless check-in, so those kinds of things give us levers on the expense side. But we do feel that we have, once again, harkening back to the opportunity we took during the pandemic. We did permanently remove a significant amount of operating expense at the parks, and that better positions us right now as we go into an uncertain economic environment.
Christine McCarthy: Yes. We gave the outlook that was more for the company as a whole, but we are still looking at DPEP being a strong – continuing its strong growth. DMED, we are looking at it in three components. The direct-to-consumer, we are looking at improving profitability, as we have mentioned. We believe that this quarter that we are reporting is the low point, and it will improve for here. CLS&O, that will have some challenges, as we said, so that will be variable quarter-to-quarter. And then we have to look at our linear business. And we do have sub declines that are in line with the industry, and that’s one that is just an industry issue that we are all going to be managing through.
Christine McCarthy: So, on CapEx, Steve, yes, you are right. It is up. That was in my comments. As you – for those who have followed the company for a while, we usually give you a CapEx number for the beginning of the year and by the end of the year, we haven’t spent it all. So, there is some slippage that goes from 1 year into the next. And also just with supply chain and labor shortages in various parts of the world where we are having projects, that slippage is probably a little more amplified. We do have some technology spend both at the enterprise level as well as in DMED. Some of it is consumer-facing. Some of it is more internal to once again deliver longer term efficiencies. And we have DPEP projects pretty much everywhere around the globe. So, we are continuing to build out those projects either on schedule or with some slippage that is slipping into ‘23.
Christine McCarthy: Yes. I will take the first one, Mike, on the revenue decline. So, there are a couple of things. One is that on the ARPU, the impact of foreign exchange on ARPU was about half of the decline. And we do hedge and we have very successfully managed through this year’s strong dollar for the most part. However, as you know, we are in markets all over the globe and some of the markets in which we have launched their currency, we do not hedge for either extraordinarily high costs or illiquidity. So, that foreign exchange impact was about half of the impact. And the other one is lower pay-per-view and this was at ESPN+. We have UFC, but we had a different game sched – different match schedules. You can tell I am not a UFC fan when I call them games, but a different match schedule and the omission of a key personality in MacGregor. So, that actually were the two primary factors lowering that year-over-year revenue.
