James Rasulo: I think in general you can look for high single digits, low teens moving forward for the rest of the year. nothing extraordinary about this quarter.
James Rasulo: I think, Michael, in terms of the capital allocation, I mean almost because it's a given, Bob didn’t mention it. First and foremost, we look for internal opportunities to invest our capital in projects like you have seen us do over the last five years, in addition to acquisitions. You know the work we have done in parks and resorts, the joint venture on free-to-air television stations. I mean we constantly look for ways that we can get superior returns through investment in organic growth and we continue to want to grow the company organically. What's left after that Bob just handled.
James Rasulo: That was the overall cable number. I can tell you that if you back those factors out Ben, you are looking at 12.5% growth this year in affiliate revenues. If you back out this quarter -- I am sorry, if you back out the deferral and the FX impacts.
James Rasulo: Yes. But of course with the flow through you have on incremental business, in our business when you are taking on that kind of incremental revenue in a single quarter and if you think about, for instance around the holiday period, we are already fully staffed. So we are pretty, very strong flow through. So, yes, we think that of the 400 basis points, about two percentage points was due to the shift in the front end and the back end of that quarter in terms of impact on margins.
James Rasulo: I’ll start, Doug. On hotel bookings, I would say it’s an organic outcome. We have -- in California, because of the strength of the demand that has accompanied Disney’s California Adventure, we have really rolled out a lot of the discounting that’s taking place on that property and feel very good about demand holding up despite that and the overall both strategic and financial impact that product is having. But of course when you’re looking at average book rates across the domestic business it’s heavily weighted towards Walt Disney World. We’ve brought on a lot more inventory with that new value hotel that we’ve opened. And I think that we feel pretty strongly that you’re seeing the demand numbers and remember when you bring on a big value hotel, the very mix of the pricing that you have across the inventory of rooms will continue to push your rate down a little bit. But there’s no enormous -- there’s no promotional pricing that’s taking place to push volume right now in that business. We’re really at a point as we said we would be where we are yielding the volume returns and pricing returns on the ticket side that accompany the investment we’ve made in that product and I think you’ll continue to see that as Fantasy Land fully opens and then as MyMagic Plus is fully implemented which Bob can speak to right now in terms of timing.
James Rasulo: Yeah. Doug, just in terms of how to think about this, we have known for a really long time that getting our visitors to Walt Disney world, to make decisions about where they spend their time before they leave home, is a powerful driver of visits per guest. When they get into the Orlando market and their time isn’t yet planned, they can be subject to everything you see down there which is a lot of in-city marketing for all the many products that people have put there to basically bleed off the feed that we fundamentally motivate. So if we can get people to plan their vacation before they leave home, we know that we get more time with them. We get a bigger share of their wallet. So that’s one thing for you guys to think about. And the second thing is what happens to purchases when they become much more convenient and you don’t spend time queuing up for a transaction, queuing up to get in the park and you actually have more time to enjoy the entertainment and subsequently spend more money doing things that other than standing in line which of course you can't spend any money while you are doing that. So those are the components. Bob spoke to the enhanced product and competitive advantages and so on, sort of on the more strategic level, but on components to think about how to model that financially, you might think through some of those.
James Rasulo: Okay. Let me try to take a couple of those. So in terms of the international domestic mix, this quarter is same exact mix as last quarter. I told you that in general we run between 18% and 22%. We are at the low end in Q2 of that. But our strength has been from Brazil and the UK, a little bit of weakness from Canada in the second quarter. But I would say there is not a big story there, although we would love to see our business from Brazil continue to grow, it's been a real driver for us and it's nice to see growth back from the UK. In past quarters a lot of our international attendance growth has been from Canada. So anyway, I think the story there is within the range and we are pretty happy with it. With the overall increase in volume international has kept its pace. In terms of margins, the story there is going to be one of improving margins as we put behind us the launch cost and ramp up lower margins of new business initiatives that has been affecting us since we started on our big parks capital program. Sort of every quarter or every other quarter we have been launching the business. There has been substantial pre-opening costs that are associated with those of course with no revenue and even in the following quarter when the revenue starts it’s usually not at full tilt. So that should be contributing to our overall margins. We’re pretty happy frankly with what we see in the base business margins. If you back out the things that we backed out, I think this has been a quarter that has evidenced very, very strong fundamental growth in margins in that business. And even though there has been a lot of structural changes that have occurred since we used to talk about 20% margin i.e. the consolidation of businesses overseas into the park segment that were not consolidated before, recognizing incentive comp in the park’s margin which was not done before. When you take those things out, we really do believe that we can get back on a steady state basis to the kinds of margins we had pre-downturn. So I think the story is good there. I’m sorry I can’t give you a whole bunch more detail. In terms of the variable percentage, it varies through the course of the year. obviously you are in periods where more down periods in the year when more of the costs are fixed. When you go through the holidays like New Year’s and Easter you have a much larger variable component. But I can’t really give you too much more insight beyond that.
James Rasulo: I wouldn’t expect to see significant cost pressure. When you think about the magnitude of Fantasy Land, extraordinarily important for us to do that Magic Kingdom because of all of the reasons Bob just discussed. But if you look at the impact of that on the overall cost base at Walt Disneyworld, it’s nothing like the Disney’s California Adventure expansion which was substantive relative to the base of the Disneyland resort. So I wouldn’t look very hard for a whole bunch of costs associated with this launch and I think that you can see certainly in ’14 you will start to see a reasonably good contribution from that. I wouldn’t look for a cost degradation there.
James Rasulo: Yeah. I mean what you are seeing right now in the numbers, Todd, are dilutive to our earnings in each of those. They are still all in the launch stage. Germany, Turkey, Russia and our Japan (inaudible) project, we are still in investment mode on all of those new ones. And needless to say, we wouldn’t invest in those if they are not going to turn around and be accretive to our earnings down the road. As Bob said, we can't get too much in to the details of how the margins relate to our domestic business. But we are investing in growth in the international television business.
James Rasulo: Alan, in terms of revenue regarding international parks, it was $543 million this quarter. We saw growth in Paris and Hong Kong as I mentioned, because in the prior quarter we had a business interruption insurance payments in Tokyo. Our revenue there was down a little bit but the fundamentals of Tokyo Disney Resort are quite strong.
James Rasulo: On the margin impact on new initiatives. So they are a little lumpy. This quarter they happen to be marginally accretive to the overall margins. But just modestly, to be honest with you. As I said, they are lumpy and I think next year, as everything moves into full stride, you will start to see those to be more positive drivers to margins. Your second question on spending for the quarter across all categories. Of course for caps we are helped by the holiday business that Bob mentioned, particularly Easter. But there was nothing unusual about any of the categories, they were all up across the board.
James Rasulo: On your fuel hedging question, we generally hedge our fuel out of Port Canaveral. It accounts for about a third of what we will be using in terms of fuel for the cruise line this year.
Robert Iger: Well, we feel good about our ability to deliver more free cash flow and don’t have much to say specifically about how we’ll allocate it, except that as you look back we obviously made three pretty important and large acquisitions in Pixar, Marvel and Lucasfilm, which we think delivered great -- has already delivered and will continue to deliver great growth and value to our shareholders. But I am not sure that we -- as we see ahead, we see opportunities that are of [life-size] not to preclude that from occurring completely but it's just not obviously to us. That will than leave us with the opportunity if we continue to grow our cash flow, to increase our dividend or buyback more shares. While we have not made that decision yet, I think it will be a good problem for us to have.
Robert Iger: We have also never really been a hoarder of cash, so I think you can expect that philosophy will continue. And we have been pleased with our credit rating. And I doubt you will see us going to the market in the way that would necessarily -- that would impact our rating, for more debt that is.
Robert Iger: Well, I think you will see more and more focus on big [tempo] films and less on non-franchise, non-branded smaller films. You have to -- when you consider about strategy and that investment, you also have to consider the impact that that investment in those films have across the company. So obviously, consumer products, to some extent interactive, certainly there are opportunities on the theme park front. So we feel good about the slate ahead from all sectors of the company. Disney Animation which is giving an excellent Christmas film in Frozen. Pixar, I mentioned on the call, would a blend of sequels like Monsters, and for instance in Nemo, with some real good original shows, original movies rather. I mentioned Marvel, which is very very rich. Star Wars in 2015 and then some Disney live action films that we feel quite good about in terms of our ability to basically drive decent return from them. So it is definitely a more challenged business in terms of, what I will call, physical sales, or the physical home entertainment side of the business. That is sell-through and rental of physical goods. But it's been growing nicely on the digital front and I think that bodes well for the future.
Robert Iger: The goal is for us to roll out MyMagic Plus at some point this year. it’s at various levels of beta testing right now. We want to be very careful that it is working absolutely right before we roll it out to the general public. There’s no reason for us to rush it to market. In terms of what we can expect return wise, you’re right, it’s somewhat -- although we’ve modeled it, it’s somewhat difficult to be specific about. You can expect that it will create a better experience and with that we believe people will spend more time in our parks and ultimately deliver more business per guest. We also know that it will deliver some up sell opportunities in terms of the array of products that basically digital technology will allow. And we also think it’s going to give us somewhat of a competitive advantage. I think you have to look at all of those things, basically new products to sell, better experience that should obviously keep people coming back for more or staying longer and then the competitive advantage would be the way to do it. But I can’t get specific with you, Doug in terms of how to model that.
Robert Iger: Yes. I think -- well, I definitely believe we’ll see some impact in fiscal ’14. That’s certainly our plan. So you were going to mention …
Robert Iger: Well, I think the network and particularly in this quarter, the stations too, had somewhat of a tough run these last few months. Station business has been generally soft by the way. And even though our stations are performing well in their markets, and actually in some markets growing share nicely, the markets themselves are basically compressing or getting smaller. And that’s obviously an issue. On the network front, we like a stronger prime time schedule, particularly one that is populated with more programming that we own. It's hard to look at that year-over-year in terms of the products that we own because we tend to look more long-term with these investments than short-term. So from a short-term perspective, you have to say that Scandal is certainly, a program that we own, has great potential in terms of delivering on our investment but we like more of them. So what you really end up doing there is you hope that your team is place, which is a great team, comes up with the kind of shows that not only drive higher ratings and more advertising revenue but ultimately includes a number of shows that we own, that drive more revenue in general. And it's basically -- there was no real secret to it, Jessica, as you know, you have been following this for a long time. But we could use a few more new hits and certainly hits that we own. It's that simple. Paul Lee is hard at work with his team on that as you know, as we speak. I have seen the pilots. I am reasonably encouraged by what I have seen, actually more than reasonably encouraged. I am very encouraged by what I have seen and hopeful that the year ahead will deliver more value for us than the year prior.
Robert Iger: Well, as you may or may not know, the Magic Kingdom Park in Orlando is the number one park down there. It’s actually the number one park in the world. And we hadn’t really done much to Fantasy Land in many, many years since we opened. So this was significant both from our perspective, but also from a guest perspective. The only thing I can tell you that may give you some sense is that the Magic Kingdom broke an all-time single day record for attendance during the Easter holiday and we believe that was a direct result of the investment that we made in Fantasy Land. Obliviously the summer will tell us a lot more. We do know from a guest satisfaction perspective that the numbers that we’re seeing from the Magic Kingdom, specifically from Fantasy Land, are way up. We have more to open as you cited Alexia, but what we’ve opened is really being well received.
Robert Iger: I am not sure that we can give you much detail except to say that our international television business which is largely Disney branded, Disney Channel, Disney XD, Disney Junior as I mentioned on my call, 166 countries. We do have, as you mentioned, we have programs blocks that we have licensed to third party distributors in a variety of places in the world. And obviously we distribute the other content that the company owns, notably our movies and our TV shows. All of that has grown very nicely over the years and we think that it will continue to grow. We have also continued to make investments in new channels, in new markets. So we are launching a free over the air Disney Channel in Germany, we launched in Russia, we launched in Turkey. We are looking for some other opportunities there as well. But to give you some perspective on -- I just don’t have the details in terms of growth trajectory or what it looks like from a margin perspective. We also look at it as brand building opportunity too, because as I mentioned a number of times, the Disney Channel has become one of the most important drivers of, basically, brand value for the company. The impact that it has not only with the programs that it puts on but essentially supporting all the other content that the company has, particularly our movies, is pretty substantial around the world. And there is value there that you don’t necessarily put specifics again. But it has been a great growth engine for the company and we believe it will continue to be. Particularly, again, some of these markets that we have only launched recently and mature. Russia, a good example of that.
Robert Iger: But what I will say, and I think what you can say just as you think of the future is, we have been very very aggressive over the last five years at launching new channels in many, many places. So I think while we will continue to look for opportunities to launch channels in new market as I mentioned, there will be fewer new launches in the future than there have been in the past five years. And obviously, as they mature, we move out of the investment phase and basically enter the real growth phase, then you will start to see an impact on the bottom line, both from advertising and from affiliate piece.
Robert Iger: The NBA deal that we currently have goes through '16. So you are off a little bit, Anthony, in your timing there. If you look at ESPN, they have locked down rights other than with the NBA, so virtually every other important sports franchise that they have for a long time. And they have also included a number of very long term affiliate agreements. So if you think about our businesses going forward, there’s probably more certainty as it relates to ESPN than almost any other business that we’re in, which I think generally speaking is a good thing. There are some opportunities to buy some other events and we obviously have the NBA which is an important program to us coming up. And we have a few new affiliate deals to do, but not many. But I think generally speaking ESPN is in great shape. As we look at the timing of when new contracts kick in, as you mentioned Major League Baseball and the FCC, we don’t at it in a vacuum. We look at it against the timing of when new distribution deals kick in. we talked about I think more in the last quarter as it related to Comcast and new rates as a for instance. So we think that ESPN’s future in terms of its growth trajectory is actually quite good and we know a lot about what it is likely to be. And I can’t comment as to whether there are affiliate deals that are in any way tied to a renewal of the NBA.
Robert Iger: I’ll answer the second question because it’s easier to answer. We have for years had in place products that are available only to hotel guests. And actually one thing that I think that Jay alluded to, didn’t say specifically, is the MyMagic Plus will definitely encourage people to stay more on property than off property. Jay was talking about essentially by being able to plan ahead, people will basically have more plan with us and that will in effect discourage them from doing other things. I think it will also encourage them to stay more in our hotels. And so I think you have to look at that as an additional value to MyMagic Plus. I’m not 100% sure I understand your question, the first part but let me give it a shot. I don’t know that you’re going to see more viewing migrating online necessarily. I think you’ll see more online viewing of product, both scripted traditional entertainment and sports. We look at that as essentially a real opportunity because we think we’re giving consumers, particularly consumers who have already bought the expanded basic bundle, an opportunity to choose the screen that makes most sense for us. We obviously needs to happen at the same time is we need for either Nielsen or some measurement system to kick in that adequately compensates us for the increased consumption on new devices. What we have done is we’ve created selling tools and a selling structure across our businesses, including at the network by the way that is essentially selling to -- in fact we’re already talking as it relates to ABC in the upfront, selling packages to advertisers that go across all media, which we’ve been doing for a while at ESPN and we’re doing much more aggressively at ABC and the other networks. We think that will also add value. But I think the key is for us to get a measurement system in place that enables to monetize because I’m convinced that there’s a lot of consumption going on there.
Robert Iger: The last question, the push back of Infinity to August is doubtful that you are going to get breakeven this year. Because of when Infinity will (inaudible), which is essentially in our fourth quarter. So it potentially pushes that back. We believe in Infinity it’s actually been very well received by the gaming community and by consumers and we are pleased with what we see in the product. That also resellers had really great buying for it as well. So we think it will be great product and it's going to help drive profitability for fiscal 2014. But by pushing it back it's going to make us harder to achieve profitability or breakeven this year at that division, even though the division will deliver results this year that are substantially improved from last year. Had Infinity not pushed back and Infinity had done what we expect it will do, then achieving breakeven this year was very very doable. I can't really say much about Marvel rights of the parks other than to say, the rights to the Marvel Properties, particularly in Florida, are not ours at this point. And I am not going to speculate as to not only when we will get them back or whether we will ever get them back. We have plenty of opportunity though from Marvel in other parks. We are hard at work in developing Marvel presence particularly in our international parks, notably in Hong Kong.
Robert Iger: David, Jay mentioned that obviously some of the impact in Q2, the Parks, both on the margin and then on the bottom line had to do with the shift in timing of both Christmas and Easter. But I don't -- let's call it what it was. It was a great quarter for the Parks, a great quarter. There was nothing on the expense side to really note in this case, continued diligence in that regard for the parks. I think they've done a good job of managing their expenses, particularly when they've continued to invest to grow. But this was a quarter that I think stood out because the product that we recently put online really worked, like California Adventure and Fantasy Land and the shifts as we talked about. And the product that we've had online for years and years as I think in many respects just never looked better to the consumer. And in an economy that is I think seeing some slight improvement, you get results like the results that we got. I think it bodes very well for our future. As we mentioned earlier, there will be a little lumpiness in terms of margin expansion. The cost, for instance, of the MyMagic Plus we'll see in the next quarter, as for instance, some little more on Fantasy Land, but generally speaking we have a great parks story to tell. Just as an aside and we've talked a lot about California Adventure, before we redid California Adventure, at a typical day at Disneyland, the Disneyland Resort, you see about 75% of the attendants going to Disneyland and 25% going to California Adventure. That's now in most days more like 55-45. That's an incredible change and it enables us to drive real bottom-line growth because you’ve got a better experience at Disneyland. We're getting pricing out of California Adventure that's substantially above what we were able to drive before. We have increased food and merch spending there. As a for instance that obviously contributes nicely to the margins. I think, I'm not sure there's any other way to categorize -- or characterize the quarter for the Company in Parks and Resorts, except to say it was a tremendous quarter.
Robert Iger: That's a bit of a tricky question there, Jason. I don't want to in anyway say there is something big afoot when I answer your question by saying we're never in harvest mode per se. There are always opportunities to harvest what we've invested in. But we're in extremely dynamic businesses and a very dynamic global marketplace and there are always going to be opportunities for us, particularly given the strength of these assets, ESPN, Disney, Pixar, Marvel and Star Wars. There are going to always be opportunities for us to invest in those, to grow in a marketplace that generally is pretty robust. So I think we talked about the fact that we believe we'll able to grow free cash flow nicely. I guess in a way that's a form of harvesting. But I get a little bit concerned about using the world harvest because sometimes it suggests a status quo approach and I don't think status quo in this dynamic marketplace as we operate in is a good strategy.
Robert Iger: I said it before it’s kind of -- asking me today as we look ahead at whether there's a Pixar, a Lucas, a Marvel on the horizon, I have to say, not likely. We just don't see it. But that doesn't mean one isn't going to crop up and that we won't act opportunistically as we did on those three to take advantage of it if we see an acquisition that we believe is going to really deliver long-term value and growth for our shareholders. We feel really good about Pixar. We feel great about Marvel, not just because of this week although we have to admit that it certainly helped, but when you look ahead at what Marvel has got in the pipeline and the opportunity to monetize those properties not only across our businesses but across the world, obviously significant. We feel great about Lucas. It's been very well received. As we look at Lucas, the more we get into it, the more we realize that we've got a property in our hands that is probably more loved and more well known than almost anything else that we have which is remarkable. Remarkable that it was even available for us to buy. I don't want to say never, meaning that there is never again, or there isn't one out there. It's just much more difficult as we look ahead to sight one and I certainly wouldn't be able to mention it to you in this call. I will say that on the Marvel, and to give you maybe a little bit more of a perspective, on the Marvel and the Star Wars or the Lucasfilm acquisitions, those appeared on, I'll call it internal list of things that we thought might make real sense for this company and its shareholders for quite a long time. We looked at them very carefully. That list is shorter today than it used to be.
Robert Iger: Thanks, Jason. Thanks again everyone for joining us today. Note that a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures that were referred to on this call to equivalent GAAP measures can be found on our website. Let me also remind you that certain statements on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the securities laws. We make these statements on the basis of our views and assumptions regarding future events and business performance at the time we make them and we do not undertake any obligation to update these statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from the results expressed or implied in light of a variety of factors, including factors contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This concludes today's call. Have a good night, everyone.
