Bob Iger: Jessica, thank you for welcoming me back. Let me take the second part of your question first. We are going to take a really hard look at the cost for everything that we make, both across television and film because things in a very competitive world have just simply gotten more expensive. And that’s something that is already underway here. In addition, we’re going to look at the volume of what we make. And with that in mind, we’re going to be fairly aggressive at better curation when it comes to general entertainment because when you think about it, general entertainment is generally undifferentiated as opposed to our core franchises and our brands which because of their differentiation and their quality have delivered higher returns for us over the years. So we think we have an opportunity to, through more aggressive curation, to reduce some of our costs in the general entertainment side and in general, in volume. In addition, the structure is now designed to place responsibility of all international programming and investment in content in the hands of one unit so that they can better decide the balance between what we make for global distribution and consumption and what we make for local distribution and consumption with an eye toward possibly reducing expenses there as well as we balance better. Obviously, all designed to deliver the profitability that we talk about delivering by the end of ‘24. In terms of your first question, I mean, indeed, it is times have changed, although in retrospect, looking back at it, not in an extraordinary way. Obviously, it’s gotten more competitive. The forces of disruption have only gotten greater. And there are certain things, certainly, as a residual of COVID, they have just gotten tougher from a macroeconomic perspective. That said, we’re still a company that is focused on creativity at its highest form. I love the fact that we are relinking the creative side of our business with the distribution and the monetization side of our business. And I think by doing that, we will see the impact of that reorganization fairly quickly. But when I think about the secular change that we’re going through, generally speaking, I like our hand. We have an ability to balance how we take our product to market with legacy platforms, whether it’s movie theaters or multichannel TV with, of course, the streamers. We have – and by the way, that helps us in a number of fronts, including advertising, monetization, stronger marketing. And so, I think that when you focus on the company’s assets, in terms of our brands and our franchises. Yes, it’s a tough environment, but the combination of the restructuring and the fact that we’ve got these core brands, which when we get right creatively as we’ve seen time and time again, not only differentiates us, but enables us to deliver fairly strong returns.
Bob Iger: Thanks, Ben. Nice to hear from you. I’ve been watching this very carefully for a long time. And what I’m talking about is the impact of technology is basically creating a huge authority shift from the producer and the distributor to the consumer. And as that authority has shifted, it’s made the traditional business more complicated, more to more challenging. And when you think about what streaming is, and we talked about this a lot as it related to multichannel TV, it is the ultimate ala card proposition for the consumer. It gives the consumer so much more authority than they ever had before because in reality, it gives them the ability to watch programs, not channels, not even bundles when you think about it. And because you are signing up in most cases for a 1-month subscription, you can sign up for one program, pay a relatively small amount of money and then end up basically unsubscribing. That’s tremendous change. And I think what’s going on right now is that as the linear business continues to erode, we have been basically eyes wide open on that. Christine commented about some of the challenges related to that, the streaming business, which I believe is the future and has been growing is not delivering basically the kind of profitability or bottom line results that the linear business delivered for us over a few decades. And so we are in a very interesting transition period, but one I think is inevitably heading towards streaming. So, what we are – the way we are basically contending with it, we have alluded to it today already is that – and this, I think is also directly related to our restructuring. We are going to rebalance a bit because those linear channels and movie theaters too still can provide us with significant amount of monetization capability. They enable us to amortize the cost better over multiple platforms and create some marketing cloud. When you think about it, Abbott Elementary airs on ABC, then it goes to Hulu. The demographic difference in age is tremendous. It’s like 60-years-old or around, estimating on ABC and then the 30s on Hulu. That’s a perfect example how the linear platforms, while they still have an audience and could help us monetize can still be used effectively, and we have that ability. And so we are going to monitor it very carefully. We are not in any way stepping away from streaming. It remains our number one priority. It is in many respects, our future. But we are not going to abandon the linear or the traditional platforms while they can still be a benefit to us and our shareholders.
Bob Iger: Well, the second question, as you know, we have locked in a number of deals already, including some of the biggest ones, which is in college football with the SEC as well as with the NFL, the one that’s looming is the NBA. And I know that’s on people’s minds, which is a product that we have enjoyed having and hope to continue to enjoy having, because not only it’s volume, but it’s quality. ESPN has been selective in the rights that they bought. I have had long conversations about this with Jimmy Pitaro, and we have got some decisions that we have to make coming up, not on something – not on anything particularly large, but on a few things. And we are simply going to have to get more selective. ESPN+ actually has grown nicely for us, and it’s shown us that the ESPN brand can be enjoyed and can be expressed well as a streaming brand. And I think that we are going to continue to look at that as a potential pivot for ESPN away from the linear business. But we are not going to do that precipitously. We are not going to do that until it really makes sense from an economic perspective. On the first part of your question, what either – what’s changed or where we headed from what was the second Investor Day. I think a few things. First of all, we were as a company in a global arms race for subscribers. And it was – the number of subscribers that have become kind of the primary measurement of success not only here in the company, but among in the investment community. And in our zeal to go after subscribers, I think we might have gotten a bit too aggressive in terms of our promotion and we are going to take a look at that. I listed a number of things on the call. That’s one of them. I talked about pricing as well. That’s another where we really have to look at are we pricing correctly, it’s interesting, as Christine noted. We took our pricing up substantially on Disney+, and we didn’t suffer any de minimis. We only suffered a de minimis loss of subs. That tells us something. It may also tell us that the promotion to chase subs that we have been fairly aggressive at globally wasn’t absolutely necessary. So, pricing is definitely one thing, promotion, obviously is tied to that. It’s also obvious to us is we can’t get the profitability and turn this into a growth business without growing subs. So, while we are taking off the table sub-guidance, we are still going to look to grow subs. We just want to grow quality subs that are loyal and where we actually have an ability to continue to price effectively to those subs. In addition, we are going to lean more into our franchises, our core franchises and our brands. I talked about curation and general entertainment. We have to be better at curating the Disney and the Pixar and the Marvel and the Star Wars of it all as well. And of course, reduce costs on everything that we make because while we are extremely proud of what’s on the screen, it’s gotten to a point where it’s extraordinarily expensive. And we want all the quality. We want the quality on the screen, but we have to look at what they cost us. So, we are going to continue to go after subs, but we are going to be more judicious about how we do that. We are going to look carefully at pricing. We are going to reduce costs, both in content and of course, infrastructure, there is a lot that we are getting out there. Marketing is another area where we are going to try to rebalance marketing of the platform versus marketing of the programs. Nielsen came out with something a few weeks ago that was stunning to us, and that was that 10 of the top 15 movies streamed in the United States in 2022 were ours. On that list was Moana and Zootopia and Frozen, but also Turning Red and Encanto. That suggests to us that our brands and franchises work extremely well in streaming. I mentioned how Wakanda Forever has done as well. So, core brands and franchises more efficient pricing, getting better in marketing, being a little bit more judicious at promotion, all of those things is how we believe we are going to get to turn the streaming business to a growth business. And one other thing, the streaming business is going to continue to grow, albeit at the expense of linear programming, but consumption of television is not decreasing, is actually going up.
Bob Iger: Thank you, Phil. We are fairly certain that when we created the structure and broke ESPN out on its own that it would lead to questions like this. We did not do it for that purpose actually. ESPN is a differentiator for this company. It’s the best sports brand in television. It’s one of the best sports brand in sports. It continues to create real value for us. It is going through some, obviously, challenging times because of what’s happened in linear programming. But the brand of ESPN is very healthy, and the programming of ESPN is very healthy. We just have to figure out how to monetize it in disrupting and a continuing or disrupting world. That’s it. But we are not engaged in any conversations right now or considering a spin-off of ESPN. That had been done, by the way, in my absence. And I am told the company concluded after exploring it very carefully that it wasn’t something the company wanted to do.
Bob Iger: Nice to hear your voice again, Doug. We have been through many of these calls in the past. Well, the answer is yes on the theme parks in terms of their growth. I am very, very bullish about our parks and not just because of the COVID recovery. But to start with, demand on the parks is extraordinary right now. Now, we could lean into that demand easily by letting more people in and by more aggressively pricing. We don’t think either would be smart, because we let more people in is going to reduce guest experience. That’s certainly not what we want. And in fact, if you looked at our results this past holiday season, we actually reduced capacity certainly improved guest experience, and we are able to maintain profit, not just profitability, but a very, very successful or robust bottom line. We are going to continue to look at opportunities like that, which is essentially to simply get more creative in terms of managing the capacity that we have. I am going to come back to that in terms of growth, but let me also address the pricing side. It’s clear that some of our pricing initiatives were alienating to consumers. I have always believed by the way, that accessibility is a core value of the Disney brand. We were not perceived to be as accessible or as affordable to many segments as we probably should have been. So, after basically paying heat to what we were hearing, we started to address it. And the steps that we took were actually were very, very positive. We got really great reaction to it. In addition, and it’s tied to this is that we have put in place just basically more flexibility for the consumer in terms of how much it cost them to go. And interestingly enough, if you look at the increase of the core ticket, let’s say, Disneyland, it has not really increased that much, maybe slightly ahead of inflation over the last few years. But one of the things that was interesting to me and coming in and examining our pricing is, we are making that available to people for only 15 days a year. So, if you look at our new pricing strategy, we made it available, I think was 50 days a year, so we greatly increased accessibility to our lowest price. And it is really well received. So, we are going to manage capacity very, very carefully. Some of that, by the way, has enabled us to essentially shift mix to – from annual pass holders to people who may come just once in a lifetime or once. They tend to be good customers of ours because of their per cap spending when they are there. That’s really helpful. Some of the things that we put in place to manage basically annual pass holders was done to help us manage capacity without having doing too much damage to the bottom line. Lastly, we have learned that when we invest in increasing capacity, the Star Wars lands would be a good example of that, Pandora was a great example of that. We can grow our business. In fact, if you look at the results when we put Pandora and Animal Kingdom from year-to-year, they were stunning in terms of how many more people visited Animal Kingdom. I mentioned on the call that we are going to bring a version of Avatar to Disneyland. We have other opportunities as well. I have talked to Josh D’Amaro about this very recently, like this morning, again, to really look at all the great franchises of the company and see where we can invest in them in the parks to increase capacity while preserving guest satisfaction.
Bob Iger: I will take the second part first, Steve. Yes. The answer to the second part is yes. Now, when you say big, I don’t know yet. I mean we are not really there. But when we bought Fox we greatly enhanced our television production and film production capabilities, bringing into the company great talent in both the movie and the TV side. As I have talked about getting more aggressive at curating general entertainment. By the way, we are not getting out of that business, but we are going to curate it more. We have opportunities using the great talent that we have to create for third-parties, and we are going to look at that very seriously. I actually think there is a nice opportunity to create a growth business for the company, but it’s way too soon to predict what that can be. Regarding ESPN and when we might make the shift, if you are asking me is the shift inevitable, the answer is yes. But I am not going to give you any sense of when that could be because we have to do it obviously at a time that really makes sense for the bottom line. And we are just not there yet. And that’s not just about how many subscribers we could get. It’s also about what is the pricing power of ESPN, which obviously ties to the menu of sports that they have licensed.
