James A. Rasulo: Okay, so parks CapEx. So we've been saying for quite some time, Doug, that fiscal '12 will be the high point of our capital expenditure over the, sort of, relevant range. So you know where we were in fiscal '11. Fiscal '12 is a little bit higher in the multi-hundreds of millions of dollars. I don't want to give you an estimate yet after only the first quarter in terms of what that number will precisely wind up being by fiscal '12. But it'll be a few hundred million higher than it was in fiscal '11
James A. Rasulo: Okay. The number you'll see reported in the Q, which is the total cable segment, will be 11%. But I want to give you a little more insight to your question, particularly regarding ESPN. So because of that $76 million referral, we will see affiliate -- reported affiliate fee growth in the mid-teens. But when you adjust it for that deferral issue, we'll still be at the adjusted level in the high single digits for affiliate fee growth.
James A. Rasulo: Yes. So you're absolutely right in your analysis that because the Fiesta and Rose Bowls kicked over into Q2 and because of the NBA lockout, you do see, sort of, an artificial growth rate in our cost at ESPN artificially low for the quarter. If you adjust those things out and look at the other increases that will, what I would say, are more organic, the cable growth was about 7% in Q1 in terms of costs for ESPN.
James A. Rasulo: The second half of your question, so the bulk of the margin improvement was really due to the factors we cited upfront, which were the lower marketing, distribution and production costs in the quarter. But since you asked, the impairment delta was $13 million for the quarter.
James A. Rasulo: So let me answer the second part of your question first because of magnitude. Yes, we still believe that the new initiative revenues will largely be offset by cost, new costs in -- for the entire fiscal year. And I've mentioned that before that we were looking at about $500 million of additional revenue, which would be largely offset by launch costs, training costs, all the things that go into launching those businesses. In terms of Cruise, Alexia, it was not a really significant difference in the number. It's about $7 million or $8 million difference from what we recognized last year. But understanding that the timing of the launch of the Fantasy is later than the timing of the launch of the Dream, there would be more costs in Q2. Sort of in total, they're about the same, but it's more switched into Q2 than Q1 versus those costs for the Dream. And as I mentioned on a few calls ago, we're talking in the tens of millions for the launch costs associated here and nowhere near triple digits on the lower end of the tens of millions.
James A. Rasulo: And I just want to add one thing to what Bob said that might have been a little bit -- I just want to make sure you understood this. The MVPDs have always had the opportunity to offer small packages. What they don't have is the opportunity to offer ESPN on small packages. The deal basically requires that ESPN be offered on the first or second most popular tier offered by the carrier.
James A. Rasulo: Well, I think we've warned you guys and ladies talking about our new film strategy, which is really focused on a smaller number of films, mostly franchise supportive, under either Disney, Disney-Pixar or Marvel labels. And with that, I would answer your question this way: We are very focused on rightsizing our Studio behind our new strategy. The reductions in costs that you see this quarter are largely related to reductions in cost from a smaller slate. But as we continue to move forward and continue to exercise around that new strategy, we will rightsize the Studio. So it's not -- I'm not saying yes and I'm not saying no in answer to your question, I realize that, but accept the fact that if we continue to have quarters and continue where we have lower film releases, years that we have lower film releases, that some of the things that you're seeing in Q1 of this year will de facto become permanent cost savings for the Studio.
James A. Rasulo: Yes. Mike, relative to your leverage question. So you're absolutely right in stating that we have been through the market multiple times in the past year. I want to add, because I'm very proud of it and proud of our team, but for what we borrowed, in both the amounts and our rating, we really, almost always in the past year, saw historically low coupon rates on that debt. And whereas a couple have been better since then, I think we've timed our steps into the debt marketplace very carefully and put a lot of time into picking what we think would be low entry points, and we've been very successful in doing that. In doing so, we've obviously increased our debt because of the availability of money at these great rates. But I think that one of the reasons why we kind of punched beyond our weight in the debt market is because we have been so strategic and so public and so consistent in wanting to keep a A rating as -- on our balance sheet and go to the market with that consistent message. We have no intention at the current time to change that. There is some -- we can continue to leverage up somewhat and stay below that sort of 2.0 gross debt ratio that will keep us at that A, and we won't push ourselves beyond that. I think there's a little more capacity when we see opportunities to step out. Again, we've got a couple of maturities that we'd like to fill in. And when they see the opportunity to step in at great rates, I think you'll see us doing that. Of course, as time passes, will have some maturities that will refill. But don't expect us to back the truck up to the point where we have to give up that great balance sheet and great Standard & Poor's rating that has, I think, served us incredibly well over the past decade, including when liquidity dried up for most companies in 2008.
James A. Rasulo: First, David, in answer to your question, I gave the numbers in answer to Nathanson's question earlier, but I'll repeat them. 14% or mid-teens on a gross basis and high-single digits on an adjusted basis adjusting for the Comcast deal deferral.
James A. Rasulo: In answer to your first question, Tuna, your question a little bit assumed the answer, which is that these deals, because of a couple of different factors, first, they are relatively short term and get renegotiated, which makes the flows from them lumpy in and of itself. But secondly, the revenues in these deals are recognized based on the program availability, which even in the course of a deal over, let's say, 3 years means that the flows are going to be not unpredictable, but lumpy. And we really -- it would be extremely both difficult for us to give you insight into how to think about them on a, if you will, normalized basis because there is no normal. And secondly, we haven't discussed the details of those deals or the numbers around them. So I'm sorry that I can't give you any further guidance there.
James A. Rasulo: Window. Yes, we explicitly did not see a change in the booking window in this quarter relative to prior. I think I've told you it's been 13 weeks, and that has held solid for the first quarter of the year.
Robert A. Iger: This is Bob. Just one thing I wanted to make sure you understand. The quarter we just announced, other than the deferral that Jay talked about, does not have any additional rates in it from the new Comcast deal. So those rates will start kicking in over the next few years. And obviously, that will have an impact on our affiliate revenue going forward since this was mentioned earlier they're the largest distributor out there. But this quarter that we just announced does not have new Comcast rates in it.
Robert A. Iger: Spencer, we still think that it would be a smart thing to offer consumers greater interoperability for the obvious reason, because it would increase the price to value relationship that they'd be getting when they bought either physical goods or digital goods.  We haven't rolled out KeyChest as extensively as we hoped that we would at this point. We're in pretty significant discussions with a number of entities as we have been for a while, but there's nothing really further to report on that. I don't want to sound too critical, but we're taking a wait-and-see approach on UltraViolet. I'm not suggesting that we're not open minded about it, but so far, I'm not sure that it's proven to be as robust as we'd expected or as consumer friendly as we had hoped. Again that's not to say that we wouldn't necessarily consider it, but it's way too early to conclude that.
Robert A. Iger: The answer is yes. Affiliate revenue will kick up, not only due to the Comcast deal, but due to other deals that will be negotiated in the ensuing years. One of the things that is of interest to us is the fact that by offering Comcast and its subscribers authentication or the ability to watch all of these services, every one of the services on mobile devices and computers is clearly something that other distributors would like to be able to offer their consumers. And other than the deal that we did with Time Warner for ESPN, and the deal that we did with Verizon and a few other smaller distributors, we haven't done deals that allow that. So DIRECTV, Cablevision and others are -- and Time Warner because all they got was the rights to do that for ESPN. Those will all start kicking in, we anticipate, relatively soon.
Robert A. Iger: First of all, they've always had that flexibility, but they haven't had that much interest. I'm assuming either they themselves haven't had it or they haven't had it from their customers. And so ESPN has remained basically on a highly distributed tier, not just with Comcast, but across the industry. Now there's so much that's been said about cord cutting and cord slicing and a la carte packages. I think it's just important to emphasize a couple of points about that again. First, I'll start with ESPN. I think they've now gotten to a point because of their popularity and the quality of what they offer, they almost transcend sports. They offer news, stories that are of interest nationally and locally, they program 6,400 hours of live and original programming a year, 365 days a year, 24 hours a day. Their ratings double the combination of all the RSNs in markets as a -- for instance. And I just think, generally speaking, not only are they popular, but they've gotten into that virtual must-have category. Now we don't take that for granted. But because of their position and because of not just their popularity, but almost the value that they now supply both to the distributor and to the customer, we don't really see either a la carte offerings or cord splicing -- or slicing I guess, I should say, as a trend. The only thing I want to say about a la carte and I'll say it -- I've said it a few times, is that I think people want variety, and they're getting it today, and they're also getting substantially increased quality. I've said this before, but for $60, which is the average cost of the expanded basic service, consumers get about 100 channels of programming. Those channels, ours and others, have put billions of dollars into programming over the years, so that the product is a lot better. And if suddenly, they were able to buy these channels on an a la carte basis, we know what would happen. First of all, there would be channels that are of interest to a lot of different entities, in some cases, niche channels, that would simply go away. And I don't think that would necessarily be good. Secondly, the channels that were left would see decreased distribution, decreased ratings, decreased advertising revenue, and that will put a lot of pressure on the rates that they charge. So the rates would go up. The result would be that consumers would be spending more per channel, and it's quite possible that the $60 100-channel package would quickly become a $60 50-channel package. And I don't think that's necessarily good. So I think that's one of the reasons why we're not seeing some great interest in cord cutting because I think, generally, consumers are happy with the quality and the variety that they're getting, and the price-to-value relationship is generally good.
Robert A. Iger: And by the way, I was answering the small package question as opposed to the ESPN. I went online yesterday to a local cable operator's site just because I was curious. And I tried to order a small package, and I couldn't find it. And my guess is that they are not marketing it very aggressively because it's not, one, not all that attractive to their customers and, two, not all that attractive to them.
Robert A. Iger: Option pickups have been great. And, Jay, do you comment about scatter -- scatter pricing has been very strong, both at ABC and at ESPN. The trends that we're seeing in advertising are good. We sold out the Academy Awards, I think, about a week ago. We've actually heard recently there's demand for even more spots than were allowed in the contract. And ESPN has seen some real strength in the last month, and their ratings, the NBA now that it's back, are up just under 40%, and there's real demand there. So I'd say the advertising marketplace is healthy.
Robert A. Iger: I read -- I know this sounds stupid here, but why not -- I read the Verizon Redbox article about 4x, and I even turned it upside down and sideways, and I'm still not 100% sure I understand what they're offering. But my sense is that it's going to be another opportunity for us to sell content to the marketplace. That it's another entity that will be looking for high-quality branded content. As to -- I think what was hidden or maybe not in your question about how we're looking at Redbox and a lot of these services, we are in discussions to go to the 28-day window to not make -- to not sell directly our physical goods to these entities unless they adhere to a 28-day window. Obviously, because of the first-sale doctrine, they would have an ability to buy those goods from normal retailers. But rather than us being part of that sale and in protection of the sell-through window, we feel that, that would be a wise thing for us to do. I'm not, obviously, as you anticipated, Jessica, going to comment about the Univision article that came out yesterday.  I've said before that ABC has a platform that we continue to invest in from a content perspective. And ABC News is a very important part of that platform. And we have an interest in seeing that ABC News continues to flourish and giving it an opportunity to look for and create some growth opportunities on its own.
Robert A. Iger: We are working toward, actually, not breaking even, but making money in fiscal 2013. And when the results of this full year is in, we believe we will have taken a big step in that direction.
Robert A. Iger: Some of those channels start contributing straight out-of-the-box as soon as we launch them. Some have a different trajectory, all, in sum total, are contributing obviously to the growth of the Disney Channel and our company and will continue to do so. But I think that we can't forget that the power of this channel expansion is not just financial. And to look at it that way, I think, would miss, sort of, a key leg of our strategy. We know from research that the Disney Channel is now the strongest brand driver of the Disney brand in most countries in the world. And as such, we try to get that channel in front of more and more people, which explains why we did the Russian free-to-air joint venture, why we moved from premium to free-to-air and a much broader distribution in Spain and France last year, why we've launched in Turkey. This is a great entry point for people into the Disney franchise. The Disney Channel is a franchise builder. It's a Disney brand builder. And so the combination of both, its financial contribution to the company and strategic leverage that we draft off of in everything that we do around the world makes those investments really payback multifold.
Robert A. Iger: Unlikely. Unlikely we'll stop at 100. Because you know now in the U.S., we've got the Disney Channel, the core Disney Channel, launching Disney Junior as its own channel. XD is gaining momentum, and of course, not all of those markets have all of those Disney Channel offerings. So we will continue to introduce those over time.
Robert A. Iger: I'm not going to add anything to the discussion about the article that was written yesterday regarding ABC/Univision [ph]. So with all respect, I decline to answer the question.
Robert A. Iger: I'll take it first, Jay, otherwise I'll forget it. There was no connection between the announcement that was made yesterday and the decision by the Studio, which was made by the Studio, to go to the 28-day window. The reason they hadn't gone to that window before is the Studio felt that it was not seeing any affect from these dollar rentals on their sell-through business. And it was their feeling that if they went to that model, it really wasn't -- there would be nothing to be gained from it. In fact they thought they actually might lose some. They have taken a hard look at the business overall. I'd say that the industry has continued to suffer on the sell-through side. And the sale of goods digitally or the rental side have not made up for enough of that falloff that's across the industry. And so they've decided to take a step in the direction of further protecting the initial window and the sell-through window. The whole issue of authentication is somewhat different or separate from the discussion on windowing, although I understand why you would connect the 2. What authentication is about is we see it as really 2 things. One, it's recognizing the value of the multichannel distribution business model and working to protect it, but also working to enhance it by recognizing the value and the excitement of new technology platforms. And so what this does is it gives people, who have subscribed to those services, the ability to watch these channels and watch these programs in a much more mobile, much more flexible ways on all the new devices. It also does create a window that advantages the subscriber and on, at least, the rental side, disadvantages the nonsubscriber. The nonsubscriber would still be able to buy some of these programs on a sell-through basis digitally, virtually right after they air, but would not be able to gain access to them on a rental or a video D model, unless they're subscribers of the service. And that's obviously designed to protect, again, the business model, while at the same time recognizing the importance of and the potential and the excitement around new technology-driven platforms.
