Bob Iger: Well, we're not going to give guidance, Doug. But I will start by saying, as a response to the second part of your question, that we fully expect our media networks, including ESPN, to continue to deliver bottom line growth which means that revenue growth is going to outpace spending. Obviously, we're not going to give guidance on Film and Parks and Consumer Products, but I think you should look at a few things. First of all, the intellectual property cycle is not only robust, but in some cases, really still growing. If you look at Star Wars and you look at Marvel as examples of that. But we've got an incredible pipeline, as Tom outlined earlier, of Pixar and Disney animated films and Disney live-action. And we also know that those films drive a lot of business across Parks and Resorts and Consumer Products. So I would say that the studio will continue to provide more growth opportunities for the Company and that includes growth internationally, because China continues to grow as a market. Consumer Products is really great story for this quarter, because that is one business that while it did benefit significantly from Star Wars, we also saw continued success from other franchises and growth, notably Marvel which is a great sign. We expected that Star Wars was going to cannibalize some of our other franchises more and it didn't materialize. And lastly on the Parks front, we have, obviously, plans to build out. Domestically, we're building Avatar Land and we're breaking ground, in fact soon, on Star Wars Lands in the two domestic parks. And with Shanghai coming on board in June, while there are start-up costs this year, you can expect that that's going to drive growth for Parks and Resorts for many years to come. So we feel really good about how all four of our businesses are positioned. And then I think you have to also consider what the media landscape looks like and that is that there is a voracious appetite for high quality intellectual property, especially branded. And there isn't a new platform that launches is not interested in licensing or gaining access to our channels or to our intellectual property. And we believe that we're going to see continued expansion across the world in new platforms and that will create opportunities for us to grow.
Bob Iger: It was a timing issue. At the time that I made the comments last August, we were seeing some sub erosion from both sides, from skinny bundles and from essentially a decrease in the total number of subs. At the time, because of what Nielsen was telling us, we concluded that most of it was coming from simple loss of subs. Once Nielsen corrected those numbers, reducing the loss of subs by some 2 million subscribers -- or 2 million households, I should say -- we concluded that, at that point, our sub loss was largely due to the fact that ESPN was not part of skinny bundles that had launched.
Bob Iger: Look, Star Wars has always been one of the most popular franchises in the world. And when we acquired it in 2012 all the way up to September, we saw some pretty robust sales of Star Wars merchandise, even though a film had not been in the marketplace since 2005. So we knew that when we brought a film out, it was going to greatly enhance sales of Star Wars merchandise; and not only did it do that, but it did it well beyond what our expectations were. Don't forget, we did not bring new merchandise out for Star Wars until September 4 and the movie came out in December. So we're still seeing quite a significant tail, even in this quarter, from the sale of Star Wars merchandise across the world. And by the way, one thing that's very interesting is, that is not just a U.S. phenomenon. And in fact, we saw some pretty interesting consumer product sales, even in markets where the movie didn't perform as well as either we had hoped or as well as other markets. So with "Rogue One" coming out at the end of this year and then Star Wars 8 and 9 planned for 2017 -- meaning calendar year -- and for 2019 and another stand-alone film, we think that while I don't want to predict that it's going to be steady state, that we're not seeing something aberrational right now, but what we're seeing is the establishment of an old franchise but at a much higher level in terms of global interest and sales.
Bob Iger: We don't know exactly what the drivers are or were, for the uptick that we've seen recently in terms of sub growth. We believe that we've benefited from the growth of certain light packages that ESPN has been part of, particularly Dish. But I think you have to conclude that sports is very, very popular in this country. And when you look at the percentage of people that access sports on television and across markets and that access it -- across platforms, rather -- and that access it on ESPN, it's among the most, if not the most, popular programming out there. In fact, if you look at the studies that we've done among distributors, it's number one or number two in terms of value creation for them for 16 straight years. If you ask consumers, they say the same thing, it's number one or two in terms of the most valuable channels that they get. So I actually believe -- and I know you want to know about the floors in terms of our agreements -- but I actually believe that this notion that either the expanded basic bundle is experiencing its demise or that ESPN is cratering in any way from a sub perspective is just ridiculous. Sports is too popular. And it's not just at ESPN. Look at how the Super Bowl did, as a for instance which I realize is a penultimate event, but day after day, week after week, month after month, year after year, live sports ends up being among the highest rated programs across television. And ESPN has this incredible, as you know, incredible set of license agreements with all the major sports. It's got the best menu of live sports that is out there. So we actually feel good about it. What we're trying to do now is we're engaging with virtually all of the traditional platform owners in pushing ESPN into light packages. And the success that Dish has experienced we think is a great selling point in that regard. At the same token, we're looking at other opportunities with new platform providers that are emerging in the marketplace. We don't comment on our relationship or a contractual relationship with the distributors, but it's safe to assume, we have not really touched the so-called floor element of those agreements in about 15 years. And we do not foresee, by the way, that the next round of negotiations, whenever they are, are going to be particularly difficult for us, because we come to the table, just with ESPN alone, with a product that people love. And the other thing to note is the value of it from an advertising perspective. ESPN's ad pacing, as Christine mentioned, has been tremendous. And if you look over the last six years, it's advertising growth is three times the growth of television advertising. So you have a product that's great for distributors, it's great for consumers and it's great for advertisers. And I believe really -- I guess, with great confidence, that it's going to thrive in whatever new media world order we're experiencing.
Bob Iger: We're bullish on Hulu and that's reflected in the level of investment that we and our other partners are putting into Hulu. First of all, we like new platforms, we like their appeal to young people, particularly millennials. Clearly, the user interface and the mobility of these new platforms is really attractive. It's also a great platform to license our product to and we've actually derived a fair amount of revenue from doing that. We believe that we're going to continue to invest in Hulu and that while I don't want to speak for Hulu completely, their investment strategy is going to be to continue to license off-network movies, et cetera, but also to grow their original programming which they're doing nicely. I don't want to speculate where Hulu goes, but it fits well into Disney's strategy in terms of our investment in new technology platforms and our support of new distribution opportunities.
Bob Iger: I'll take the second part of the question, then Christine can take the first. What I was talking about in terms of an uptick was recent. So the uptick that we talk about really didn't have much of an impact on this quarter. So what we believe we've seen or what we have seen, recently is that subscriber trends going in the negative direction have abated somewhat. We're not making any predictions about them going forward, because we really don't know. We just feel great about the product and we believe that, again, the protections that many have made are more dire than they should be.
Bob Iger: I'm not going to talk about separating those assets. We fully expected that our media assets are going to continue to contribute to our growth. We also are designed, as a Company, to leverage intellectual property across a lot of our businesses or to leverage the collection of brands nicely in the marketplace. And that also is reflected in the way we operate the businesses from an expense perspective, with consolidation in many different areas. So if you look at the profile of the Company, interestingly enough, since 2009, look at the growth profile, the Company has grown on a compounded basis by 14%. The media networks have driven about 8% compounded a year and the rest of the Company grew 23%. So 8% a year is pretty strong. 23% is extraordinary. 14%, pretty damn strong, too. I think that what that says is really, is that over the period of time, we've actually diversified our ability to generate growth and profitability and that was very purposeful. These investments that we made it Pixar and Marvel and in Lucasfilm and the investments that we've made in our parks were designed for us to diversify our bottom line or our growth. And that was not just across businesses, but really across the world, because a lot of these businesses are global in nature, unlike some of our media assets.
Bob Iger: You should think nothing but happy thoughts about this Company. I don't know what else to say. We're not going to give any guidance whatsoever. We believe that we've distinguished ourselves in the media sector, not only with our growth these last number of years, but with the assets that we've collected and with the growth potential that we've created for this Company going forward. And we will leave it at that.
Bob Iger: I didn't take it as unfair, but as you know, we're not going to go there. But I do think it's important -- and I don't mean to be too wordy -- but if you look at the profile of the Company, we have four businesses that are going to deliver growth for this Company, Parks and Resorts, Media Networks, the Studio and Consumer Products. And there was a time not that long ago where we were getting growth really from just a couple of them and some, like the Studio, was somewhat lumpy in nature, meaning there were good years and there were bad, based on the slate. I'm not suggesting that every year we grow, because there will be ups and downs in some cases, but they will be much flatter in nature, meaning you can expect that the bottom line contribution from the businesses will continue on essentially a more consistent basis than you saw in the past.
Bob Iger: Well, Barton, I think the context that I'd give you on that is, first of all, you've seen how we've successfully grown our advertising revenues. And especially with the branded services and programming that we have, we continue to get a great response from advertisers, both on our linear channels and on new platforms. So that looks good and I think that trend will continue. And I think we've discussed the affiliate side of the equation. The only other thing to keep in mind is that as new sports contracts kick in, next year as an example, that will sometimes cause a shift in terms of how the growth is coming, but the overall growth story is intact. So I think that gives you what color is available there.
Tom Staggs: Alexia, it's Tom. Let me talk about the Parks. Bob mentioned that we have broken ground on the two Star Wars Lands. And of course, we think that's going to be a nice catalyst down the road. Before that, we will open Avatar at Walt Disney World. So we have a cadence of new attractions here domestically that we think guests will really embrace. I think we also see opportunities, given the strong occupancy of room nights that we see, to consider expanding our hotel capacity down the road. So I think there are many avenues for us to continue to grow that business. Of course, Bob talked about Shanghai and the growth that that will drive for us internationally. And remember that while we open this June, we also have significant room for expansion there over time. So we believe that the good news is that guests continue to really embrace our product. We think there's room to grow that product and continue to expand.
Tom Staggs: Well, Jessica, all of our research tells us that our intellectual property and our guest service and our parks experience will resonate extremely well with our Chinese guests. At the same time, we've taken great care to make sure that we designed Shanghai specifically for that marketplace in terms of the layout of the park, the food that we're serving, the type and scripting of the shows that we're putting on. So we're definitely adapting to that market, but we have real confidence that it's going to be a product that's going to resonate and resonate for generations to come.
Tom Staggs: Christine took you through the relative growth on the affiliate fees. And we're very pleased with where we've been going on the retransmission side of the equation, in fact, we're well ahead of the guidance we gave some time ago and expect that growth to continue. So we feel very good about that and the relative contribution between the two. So I don't really want to address the nature of the growth at other companies, the mix is often different and they're coming off of different basis, as well. With regard to Hulu -- look, the Hulu business model has evolved over time and continues to. We've noticed they have added subscribers rather nicely. That has not been overly driven by the ad-free portion of the equation. That's actually a small part of the subscriber base. And at this point, we're not overly concerned with the impact of that to the ecosystem as a whole. We will obviously keep our eye on it. And as Bob has indicated previously, we take a balanced approach to both those businesses and then also how we think about positioning our programming within them and we will continue to do that.
Tom Staggs: Yes, I think Christine's comments pretty much summarized it. I wouldn't say there's anything unusual. Obviously, the foreign exchange impact is something that we wouldn't expect to see continue year after year, depending on clearly where foreign exchange goes, but other than that -- and also, as Bob's indicated, some of the trends that we see on the subscriber side have shown at least initial signs of abating somewhat and we'll watch those very carefully.
Christine McCarthy: Yes, I will take the second one. Hello, Alexia, it's Christine. In reference to your question about the guidance update that was given in the 3Q call back in August, there is no change to that guidance and we're still very comfortable with it.
Christine McCarthy: On the Shanghai question, back on our last conference call, we said the pre-opening costs, you should expect them to be in the $300 million range. Now that's an annual number. We've not broken them down by quarter, but you can expect those pre-opening costs to ramp into the open which is going to be in mid-June. And also, given that we'll be only fully operational for a little more than three months during the year, the pre-opening expenses will impact the full-year results.
Christine McCarthy: Okay. Ben, on the cable programming costs, as we said on the last conference call, we expect FY '16 cable programming and production costs to be up low to mid-single digits and we're managing, outside of the programming costs, we're managing aggressively other costs at ESPN.
Christine McCarthy: Yes, when you look at the Disney balance sheet, it is the strongest in the media space. There's no question about that. We do view it as an asset. And when we look at the things that we could do with it, your list of acquisitions, investing in our own businesses, having the flexibility to increase buyback, my answer to that would be all of the above. So we do look at the leverage that we have which is a little over one times, the credit rating that we have which is a single A rating, as all being very beneficial for us to be flexible for all sorts of opportunities, as you indicated.
Christine McCarthy: The way we buy back our stock, we do keep an eye on our intrinsic value. So obviously, the amount of stock we bought [isn't] [ph] an indication that we believe that our stock is a great investment and it is well below that intrinsic value. The strength of the balance sheet does afford us a lot of flexibility, so we're able to react to these opportunities, especially when the market dislocates in our name or the market overall. So we have taken opportunities to be aggressive so far this year and we intend to do it going forward for the balance of the year.
