Alexia Quadrani: Good afternoon. It's my pleasure to welcome everybody to The Walt Disney Company's first quarter 2024 earnings call. Our press release was issued about 25 minutes ago and is available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is being webcast, and a replay and transcript as well as the first quarter earnings presentation will all be made available on our website after the call. Joining me for today's call are Bob Iger, Disney's Chief Executive Officer; and Hugh Johnston, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Bob and Hugh, we'll be happy to take some of your questions. So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob to get started.
Alexia Quadrani: Thank you. As we transition to a Q&A, we ask that you please try limit yourself to one question in order to help us get as many analysts as possible today. And with that, operator, we're ready for the first question.
Alexia Quadrani: Okay. Thanks for the question. And I want to thank everyone for joining us today. Note that a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures that were referred to on this call to the equivalent GAAP measures can be found on our Investor Relations website.  Let me also remind you that certain statements on this call, including financial estimates or statements about our plans, guidance or expectations and drivers, including future revenues, profitability, subscribers free cash flow, adjusted EPS and capital allocation and other statements that are not historical in nature, may constitute forward-looking statements under the securities laws. We make these statements on the basis of our views and assumptions regarding future events and business performance at the time we make them, and we do not undertake any obligation to update these statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from the results expressed or implied in light of a variety of factors. These factors include, among others, economic or industry conditions, competition and execution risks, including in connection with our business plan, potential strategic transactions and our content, cost savings, the market for advertising for future financial performance and legal and regulatory developments.  In particular, our expectations regarding DTC profitability, subscriber levels and ARPU are built on certain assumptions around subscriber additions based on future strength of our content slate, churn expectations, the financial impact of the Disney+ ad tier and price increases, the impact of bundling and availability of Hulu on Disney+, technological advances and paid sharing efforts, our ability to continue to execute on cost rationalization while preserving revenue and macroeconomic conditions, all of which, while based on extensive internal analysis as well as recent experience provides a layer of uncertainty in our outlook. For more information about key risk factors, please refer to our Investor Relations website, the press release issued today and the risks and uncertainties described in our Form 10-K, Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We want to thank you for joining us and wish everyone a good rest of the day.
Bob Iger: Thanks, Ben. Permit me to throw a couple of cliches your way. But as you know, ESPN has always aimed to serve the sportsman effectively no matter where the sports fan is. And so all of the steps that we've been taking and that we announced today and that we will continue to take are aimed at doing just that.  And when you think about today's environment where you've obviously got some challenges in linear TV, a lot more competition, both for people's time and just specifically in sports, and you think about the fact that ESPN finished '23 in really good shape, ratings continue to rise. Sports is still an advertiser's delight.  You have to consider that ESPN has been successful in what their primary goal was. They're reaching sports fans effectively, which is why advertisers and distributors and sports leagues and organizations feel they have to kind of be part of or partnered with ESPN. As we look to the future, we're obviously mindful of, one, the state of the multichannel ecosystem; two, where people are spending their time and their money with media. And you have to basically serve them effectively there.  We've been saying for a long time that taking ESPN in the direct-to-consumer direction was inevitable and that we were looking for partners to do so. This is really not a first step, it's a second step. The first step was launching ESPN+ some years ago, which has actually been quite successful.  The second step is finding these partners to distribute basically the equivalent of a multi-channel, sports-centric tier via app. So one, we're serving sports fans well. Two, we're doing it with partners. Three, we're doing it in a more modern way rather than cable and satellite in this case, it's app-based.  And that's a big step for us because we know that there are a number of people who have never signed up for multi-channel television. This gives them a chance to do so at a price point that will be obviously more attractive than the big fat bundle. Two, there are people who have left that ecosystem because they didn't want all those channels or that cost. And this is a way of basically preserving a relationship or creating one with those that are no longer part of the multi-channel ecosystem. The next step after this, and we announced today that we'll launch it in probably August of '25, is to bring out ESPN flagship. I say on its own, but it will be bundled ultimately with Hulu and Disney+. And that will be a very, very immersive, very obviously sports-centric app, which will have features that this combination with Fox and with Time Warner Discovery will not have, such as integrated betting, integrated fantasy, likely to have some sales arm or merchandise capabilities. Obviously, deep dive into stats and high degree of customization and personalization. Again, another kind of feature that we'll bring out to engage with sports fans. I can't tell you right now how that ultimately will fit into all of this, except it will be a progression. We haven't really talked much about how it will be further -- how it will be bundled except with our own services. But I think success will be, for us, in this basically migration would be to maintain ESPN's position in sports in general and the affinity that its fans have with ESPN and the attractiveness of ESPN to advertisers and sports leagues. That simple.
Bob Iger: As you know, Hulu Live is more reflects the bigger, fatter bundle of television channels of -- like many other services that are out there. It just happens to be integrated or attached to Hulu if you subscribe to it.  So this, in a way, I guess, you'd argue, competes with Hulu Live directly, but it doesn't compete with Hulu because this will be bundled with Hulu. So if you're a Hulu subscriber and you want to get this new sports service, you can buy that as an add-on to Hulu. And as we see it, that's a real positive because if you consider the fact that Disney+ and Hulu will be together once we come out of beta in March already together in beta, and then you add a sports feature with so many sports that this new joint venture will offer, that's very, very compelling in terms of reducing churn for Hulu and increasing engagement.  So we look at this as a huge positive for Hulu. We're realistic about Hulu Live in terms of the impact this could have, but that Hulu Live is certainly a nice, important feature of our Hulu business, but the critical part of that business is Hulu itself.
Bob Iger: On the sports service and the pricing, I think the way you have to look at it is the sports service is going to be substantially less expensive to consumers than the big bundle that they'd have to buy to get those same channels on cable and satellite. And again, designed for two things. One, we believe there are a number of sports fans out there that want to watch sports on television but didn't want to sign up to the big cable and satellite bundle. And so we think they will be accretive to us. We also believe that either consumers have left the bundle because it wasn't serving them well or they may leave the bundle, and we want to make sure that we grab them, too. So we view this whole thing as, one, being a good proposition for sports fans because of the cost and certainly being positive for us because of the dynamics in the marketplace right now.
Bob Iger: Steven, I feel great about where we are with the studio. Let's not lose sight of the fact that in the last year, the studio had some real success, not to suggest that we didn't have some films that were not successful that we were really disappointed in, but we also had some great success too with the Guardian sequel and Avatar at the end of calendar '22 but part of fiscal '23. One of the things that I've been saying before is that volume sometimes can be detrimental to quality. And in our zeal to greatly increase volume, partially tied to wanting to chase more global subs for our streaming platform. Some of our studios lost a little focus, so the first step that we've taken is that we've reduced volume, we've reduced output, particularly in Marvel. When you fix or when you address these issues with -- in movies, you do three things. You get aggressive at making sure the films you're making can be even better. Sometimes you kill projects you don't believe in. And of course, you put new things in the pipeline that you do believe in that you have much more confidence in. And we're doing all of that. I've also observed over the years that managing creativity sometimes is best done with great partnerships. And I have established great partnerships with the people at our company that really manage their creativity, Alan Bergman with the studio, Dana Walden on the television side, Jimmy Pitaro at ESPN. And the partnership that Alan and I have is a strong one, and we believe that the time that I'm now devoting to this and the attention that the two of us are giving this business not only will bear fruit, but it's already starting to.  We're very bullish about the films coming out. We mentioned Insight Out 2, and we talked about Deadpool and the Planet of the Apes film. We feel good about that. Obviously, the end of the calendar year, we've got Mufasa, prequel to Lion King. We are very excited about the addition of Moana, which is the number one streamed movie of -- across all streamers in the U.S. in '23 and is at over 1 billion hours of consumption on Disney+. And that's now going to be released in November.  And then I mentioned what we're doing after that. I'd say we're leaning a little bit more into sequels and franchises, some that we feel great about, like Toy Story is -- for instance, obviously, Star Wars, Avatar, we've talked about. Marvel is starting to focus on some of its stronger franchises going forward, but I'll leave it at that.  And I think given the environment and given what it takes to get people out of their homes to see a film, doing that, leaning on franchises that are familiar is actually a smart thing. So we've got work to do still. We're not resting on our laurels or sitting on our hands. We're working hard at it, but I feel quite good about the trajectory.
Bob Iger: Thanks, Bryan. It's really early. They didn't start introducing this to their subscribers really until January, and they didn't roll it all out right away. And so we're seeing some stats on this that are somewhat encouraging, but I want to be careful that because it's early, we're not sure whether those trends will continue or not. I do think that this kind of arrangement is one that we'll likely see with other multi-channel distributors. It seemed like it was a win-win for both of us. Important to us, obviously, because it gives us access to more of their customers and important to them in terms of bundling this service with their multichannel customers. So I think it's -- again, I think you'll see more in this direction, but too early yet. We may have more to say about this next quarter when we know a lot more.
Bob Iger: Sure. Let me take the second part of the question first. Yes, you're right. We've tried our hand at video games in a number of different directions. And actually, the one that ended up being the most successful for us was the license. And in fact, we've licensed, I think, $9 billion franchises, including the Spider-Man franchise, which is the most successful video game last year. After I came back, I sat down with Josh D’Amaro, who runs our experiences business and his executive who actually manages games, Sean Shoptaw. And one of the things they showed me -- actually, the first thing they showed me were demographic trends. And when I saw Gen Z and Gen Alpha and even millennials and I saw the amount of time they were spending in terms of their total media screen time on video games, it was stunning to me, equal to what they spend on TV and movies. And the conclusion I reached was we have to be there, and we have to be there as soon as we possibly can in a very compelling way.  We knew through our relationship with Fortnite that there was already success when some of our characters and franchises were expressed or showed up in Fortnite. And we knew Tim Sweeney at Epic because we were involved -- he was involved in our Accelerator program, I think in 2017. And so, I met with Tim, and Josh and his team started a discussion about what if we create a gigantic Disney World a la Fortnite that could live next to Fortnite and be completely interconnected with it, a world where people could play games that we create, could create their own games, could watch.  You can imagine the creation of short-form videos or may -- we may even use the platform to actually distribute some of our content, also the people that could interact with one another, and ultimately, some form of shopping as well and other forms of creation. Obviously, there'll be some -- there are the opportunities to buy digital goods, but maybe even at some point, physical goods. And I just think that given the demographic trends and given the success of Fortnite -- and by the way, they're experiencing really a great era of both customer satisfaction and growth as they return to some of their roots. The numbers at Fortnite have been really compelling.  And we just think this is -- just as we take our IP from our movies and our television and have them expressed in our parks, this is a great way to do it in games. And for us, it's a way to have skin in the game with them with the investment of $1.5 billion, strengthen a partnership because we have skin in the game, but also build a world where we're actually not creating too much risk for the company. So as we see it, this is the best of all worlds in many respects from a business venture perspective and certainly great for consumers who love to interact with our characters already in video game format. So I'm actually really thrilled about it. And the second -- or the first part of your first question, accelerating cord-cutting. Understand that we're going to get paid in this new joint venture for our channels at a level that's commensurate with the level that we get paid for those channels in the multi-channel ecosystem. And so if a consumer moves out of that and then into this, then what we get paid for our -- certainly, these channels that are in it is equal to where we get paid there.  We have some other channels that are not part of this new bundle. But frankly, if you look at our company and you look at what we've done with FX on Hulu, with the Disney Channel on Disney+, with National Geographic on Disney+, we're really very well positioned to withstand, basically, the continued challenges that the multi-channel ecosystem will have. And while there might be some de minimis economic impact on us with more cord-cutting for those channels, we're backstopped in all of those channels with the content that exists or that we ultimately put on Hulu and Disney+.  So it's -- for us, it's very low risk and actually, as I talked earlier, potentially quite accretive to us in terms of signing up sports fans that have never signed up for the bundle where they may no longer want it.
Hugh Johnston: Right. I'll take the cost side, Ben. You're right, in the past, we've talked about slight growth in operating expenses year-over-year. We obviously have terrific momentum on cost management coming out of the first quarter. And the team is relentlessly looking for further opportunities to drive cost savings, both to reinvest back in the business to continue the growth momentum that we have as well as deliver margin growth to the bottom line.  Net, no change in guidance versus what we said previously. We should do at least as well as the guidance we previously committed to, which was slight growth in operating expenses year-over-year.
Hugh Johnston: And Michael, I'll take the question on DTC profitability in double digit. Yeah, I know we -- for the first time, we put out that our objective is to get to double-digit margins. In some ways, it probably shouldn't be a surprise to investors because the goal has always been to build what I would characterize as a good business. What does a good business look like? Number one, it's got growing; and number two, it has attractive margins, which we're defining as double digits. So I know in a sense it's news, but in a sense, it shouldn't be news because we've always wanted to build a good business in that regard. In terms of how we get there, it's really in many ways the way that we've gotten from where we were to the point we're at right now. Number one, we're going to grow subscribers. Number two, you'll see some level of pricing. And both of those things will probably be similar to what you've seen over the last couple of years, maybe a slightly different balance but roughly similar. And then we'll actually get some leverage out of marketing spend, content and technology spend. All of those will grow a little bit less -- at a lesser rate than the rate of revenue growth. In terms of the specifics on how do we get there with sub growth, I think it will be a couple of things. Number one, paid sharing is an opportunity for us. It's one that our competitor has obviously taken advantage of and one that sits in front of us. And we've got some very specific actions that we're taking in the next couple of months, which I discussed earlier, which will benefit us to some degree in the back half of this year and very much next year. Number two, we'll see lower churn with the bundles that we're looking to put out. Number three, international remains a growth opportunity for us. So if you put all of those pieces together, it's kind of doing a lot of what we've been doing with maybe some slightly different tactics to get to a level that, again, we would characterize as a good business. Not going to put a specific time frame on that right now. Some of that is going to be driven by the marketplace. Just know that we feel a sense of urgency in getting there, and that's probably the way we're going to operate the business. We'll feel urgency, but only to get to a good, sustainable business.
Hugh Johnston: Okay. And Jessica, I'll handle the paid sharing question. We have sized it. I don't want to put a specific number out there right now because these numbers are obviously rough estimates anyway. Suffice to say that the opportunity that we see on a percentage basis probably isn't all that dramatically different from what our competitor has found in terms of their subscriber base. In terms of getting at it, there's a couple of actions that we've taken in order to do that. Number one, we have some -- made some changes to the user language that we have in the U.S., Canada and certain markets so that we'll actually have the opportunity to act on the paid sharing opportunity. Number two, the accounts that we think are doing unpaid sharing right now will get communication this summer, and we'll give them opportunities to allow their borrowers to start new subscriptions. And then later this year, we'll actually also have account holders who want to allow further individuals to access their accounts from outside that they'll be able to access the account, but they'll be able to do so for an additional fee. So we've got a number of tactical actions to take in order to take advantage of what we think is a pretty good sized opportunity in front of us. And it's one of the things that gives us confidence in our subscriber growth numbers.
Hugh Johnston: Right. And Steve, from my perspective, regarding Hulu timing on that, we've got a pretty clearly defined process. That process is going to take a little bit of time based on the work that needs to go into valuing the business. I would expect before we get to the end of the year that we should have this figured out and closed. Regarding cost savings, it's pretty well spread out across the board. One of the things you tend to find is when a company goes on a cost effort, once you start to build momentum on that, people tend to find additional opportunities. And that's what gives us the confidence around the numbers to at least meet if not exceed them.  So no one specific area. It's content side as well as the SG&A side. I think we just have momentum on managing our expenses more tightly, which is great news, I think, for investors.
