Jenn Kettnich: Good afternoon, and it's my pleasure to welcome everyone to The Walt Disney Company's First Quarter 2022 Earnings Call. Our press release was issued about 25 minutes ago and is available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast and we'll post a transcript of this call to our website. Joining me today are Bob Chapek, Disney's Chief Executive Officer; and Christine McCarthy, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Bob and Christine, we'll be happy to take some of your questions.  So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob to get started.
Jenn Kettnich: Thanks, Christine. As we transition to the Q&A, let me note that since we are not physically together this afternoon, I will do my best to moderate the Q&A by directing your questions to the appropriate executive. [Operator Instructions]  And with that, operator, we're ready for the first question.
Jenn Kettnich: Thanks, Doug, for the question. Bob, do you want to start off on LatAm or international subs and then Christine, you can add to that.
Jenn Kettnich: Okay. Thanks for the question, and we want to thank everyone for joining us today. Note that a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures that were referred to on this call to equivalent GAAP measures can be found on our Investor Relations website. Let me also remind you that certain statements on this call, including financial estimates or statements about our plans, expectations, beliefs or business prospects and other statements that are not historical in nature may constitute forward-looking statements under the securities laws. We make these statements on the basis of our views and assumptions regarding future events and business performance at the time we make them, and we do not undertake any obligation to update these statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from the results expressed or implied in light of a variety of factors, including factors contained in our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.  We want to thank you all for joining us today and wish everyone a good rest of the day.
Bob Chapek: Thanks, Ben. So on the Disney+ U.S. side, you mentioned that we're roughly 1/3 penetrated. We still have some headroom in each one of our major franchises in terms of those viewers, those fans that have expressed interest in subscribing. So we are not nearly tapped out on each of the major franchises if someone identifies as a Lucas fan, Star Wars or as a Marvel fan or as a Disney fan. The biggest opportunity in terms of significance is with general entertainment being added to the service.  And I think you've seen just this quarter, we mentioned that today that we're adding in Grown-ish, Black-ish and a few other titles into our service. I think that will be a trend of us taking more general entertainment and moving it over to Disney+ because, as you know, about 50% -- slightly over 50% of our consumer base on Disney+ do not have kids. It's a very broad general service, of course, driven by the Disney brand and driven by families, but what we've seen time and time again is that the elasticity of Disney and its brand is much greater than we might have given it credit. And I think nowhere does this play out more, now getting into the international side of your question, than we see in Europe with the Star brand tile being the sixth brand tile within the Disney+ offering in Europe.  The other thing, though, to your question directly on international that's going to drive the international business is the predominance of local content that we are developing in order to appeal to the unique taste of each of those international markets. And I'll point out to the 340 productions that we referenced on the last call that we're developing. And by the way, we just created a new organization within our company to shepherd the development of that content, so that we can maximize the chance that we get some global hits, if you will, out of some of that local content. And so we're bullish on the future of Disney+, both domestically and internationally, driven by not only additional prevalence of titles within our major franchises, but also general entertainment and specifically in the international territories local content.
Bob Chapek: Yes. That's the slate that comes on, I think, over the next 1.5 years, next 1.5 years to 2 years. So I don't exactly know the percent that will fall within the context of this year. But we started this initiative about a year ago, and I must say it's actually extraordinary how great the content is that's being developed in the international territories.
Bob Chapek: The sports proposition internationally really varies by market. As you know, in Europe, it's not a big component for us, but in Latin America, it actually is. And our -- the way that we've gone to market in each territory, one of the differences between how we go to market in Asia versus how we go to market in Latin America versus how we go to market in Europe is a function of sports. That's a really big piece of it. And where you see like in Latin America where we've got a very big percentage of our consumers that are subscribing to our services because of sports, it's a bigger component to that. Sports for us are -- it's a very important strategic offering because the fandom and the passion is so deep. If you look at India, we're certainly going to try to extend our rights on the IPL. But we're very confident that even if we were not to go ahead and win that auction that we would still be able to achieve our 230 to 260. So it's an important component for us around the world. Obviously really important in India, but not critical to us achieving the 230 to 260 number that we've guided to.
Bob Chapek: Christine, I'll start with this. And if you want to augment, please do. We maintain that we offer an extraordinary price value relationship around the world for Disney+. Obviously, the last few years, pretty much the entirety of the launch of Disney+ have been plagued by COVID-related production interruptions. Plus in all fairness, our own recognition that we needed to essentially double our production output. You put those 2 things together, and we certainly have less content than we want. But as we've said over the last few earnings calls, that will rectify itself in the second half of this year, we've already reached 1 of our 2 goals. One of the goals was to go ahead and ensure that we had a new title every week, and we've achieved that. But by '23, we want to get to a steady state, which is even higher than we have right now. And I think that will give us the impetus to increase that price value relationship even higher and then have the flexibility if we were to so choose to then look at price increases on our service. But it's all about content, content, content and we are bullish about our future content going forward, not only in terms of quality, but also in terms of quantity. And that's really what's driving our bullishness for what we might see as the pricing power that we would have going forward.
Bob Chapek: Yes, I will. I'll talk about LatAm because it kind of goes back a little bit to this live sports story that was questioned earlier. We're actually encouraged by what we see in LatAm, especially given the straight of that Live Sports calendar and a growing pipeline of local original productions. I mean, the reason why we're doing so many local productions because we know what their power is in those localized markets. And we're also encouraged that we're seeing a dynamic that we also see in the U.S., which is the vast majority of the sign-ups that came this quarter came from the Combo Plus. In other words, it's the bundle. And so we're starting to see LatAm sort of pick up some of the same characteristics that we see in domestic. When we started off in LatAm, just like we did with Disney+, it was a little bit slower, but they always seem to keep -- kind of a catch-up, if you will. And we believe in the strength of our local originals and those 2,000 live sporting events that we program each month. Our growing wholesale footprint, you talked about partnerships. That's an important part, particularly in Latin America, that wholesale footprint and new promotional offers that we are testing in the marketplace. So we think that the combination of those things plus our ability to migrate our customers from our linear channels to their digital channels really gives us reason to be fairly bullish in Latin America right now. And Christine.
Bob Chapek: Okay. I'll start off on parks. So the issue or the question of capacity at parks is a bit of a complex one because it's driven by several different dynamics. First of all, we've got really strong domestic demand, as we've said, mitigated a little bit by a lagged return from the international markets. Now that in itself is expected because the booking timetable is so long on international trips. So we believe that will come up and enable us to get closer to where we would have been in the past. But in terms of sort of the self-management capacity, one of the last things to come back for us in a post-COVID world -- what we hope is a post-COVID world, is actually live entertainment because much of the live entertainment is close proximity. And we are self-regulating that. We are self-managing that because we don't want our guests to feel an excessive level of density. And the place that you get it is parades and firework shows and things like that. So I suspect that over time, we'll start to regain some of the capacity drop-off that where it's kind of self-imposing on ourselves. The other thing I should say is that, to a certain extent, because people spend such a long time in our parks and resorts, the food and beverage component is actually a pretty big one of those. And if there's -- we really haven't had too big of an issue in terms of retaining and attracting people into our parks -- to work into our parks at all. As a matter of fact, we had 85% of our cast members pretty much say, yes, immediately, when we ask them back. But at the same time, the 2 areas that have been difficult is hospitality, and right now, we've got 90% of our hotels at Walt Disney World open and we've got all of our hotels at Disneyland open, but also sort of cooks, I think kind of short order cooks. And so the capacity constraints, the self-imposed capacity constraints are really a function of our food and beverage sort of mitigation, if you will. But the second one is live entertainment, and we're working towards restoring both of those so that we can get up to something that would be more similar to what we've seen in the past in terms of the number of people we put into our parks. But I must tell you that our ability to increase our guest experience through a very -- a reservation system in a very carefully managed demand ticketing system has been something that we really like. And I think guaranteeing our guests that they have a great experience no matter when they come, whether it be the Christmas holiday or whether it be in the middle of the month of September, that's really important to us. And so we're going to self-manage as to optimize the guest experience. But at the same time, we know we firmly got some headroom, whether it's due to international or whether it's due to an expansion and reinstatement of things like live entertainment.
Bob Chapek: Yes, yes. I think I got the gist of it. It is top of mind. It is absolutely top of mind because we realize that in the future, you can call it what you want. You want to call it metaverse, you want to call it the blending of the physical and digital experiences, which I think Disney should excel at for all the reasons that you said in your opening. We realize that it's going to be less of a passive type experience where you just have playback whether it's a sporting event or whether it's an entertainment offering and more of an interactive lean forward, actively engaged type experience. And this is a very top of mind thing for us because we are continuing over time to augment our skills and the types of people that we attract into The Walt Disney Company to reflect the aggressive and ambitious technology agenda that we have. You probably noticed that one of my 3 pillars is innovation and specifically technological innovation because we realize that this is going to be an important part of telling story in that third dimension that lean forward Interactive dimension. So it is absolutely top of mind.
Christine McCarthy: Okay. Kannan, on your question on the breakeven guidance and on Disney+ content spend. We're not updating the guidance. We have that fiscal '24 guidance out in the marketplace, and we're sticking to it. We're not yet at a steady state of content expense for Disney+, but we expect to have made significant progress by fiscal 2023.
Christine McCarthy: Sure. I would say we've been saying this all along through the pandemic, where we have taken measures to really look at the cost base and how we're doing things. And there's been a fundamental shift in some of the operational processes that the parks had used for many, many years and things like the ability to do mobile dining or not having to check in with the human being at a hotel, those kinds of things are all things that add to upside that we have at the parks. And as you mentioned, Jessica, we haven't yet seen the return of our international guests. And remember, historically, and we always hit this historical boundary of our band of 18% to 22% of our Walt Disney World guests came from outside of the U.S., and they haven’t even yet started to return.  So I think there's a lot of things that are boding well, and we saw the performance this quarter of Genie and at the other things like Lightning Lane, but it's not just that. It's also really compelling offerings in food, beverage, merchandise. And it's really great to see not only creativity in our content business, but creativity at our parks as well. And that's driving some of that incremental spending that's certainly helping the margins get to that level that we've seen this quarter.
Christine McCarthy: Brett. The only other thing I would add to that is that we are still only less than 2.5 years into this business, and we're learning a lot about what consumers are watching, consumption patterns, repeatability and all of those things will factor into when we look at the -- as Bob mentioned, the price value equation going forward. So as we learn more, we'll continue to refine the business model.
Christine McCarthy: Doug, the question on Disney+ programming. We expect to -- for the full year spend on content to be -- including sports rights to be as much as that $33 billion in total. The increase from year-over-year is more spending on our DTC expansion. And this also assumes there is no significant production delays and things could happen for things other than COVID as well. We had a couple of productions that did get delayed for other reasons. But when you think about -- your comment on our heavy slate of content coming to the service in the fourth quarter is true. But remember, the spending for that is before then. So you'll continue to see increased spending this year. And when you're looking at that $33 billion, I think it's also informative to take into account that about 1/3 of that is for sports rights, including the programming and production, but primarily it's the sports right. So if you want to think about the total $33 billion, take out 1/3 for sports and the remainder is for content. Not all on Disney+, some of that's for Hulu as well.
Christine McCarthy: Great. And Mike, your question on the Hulu SVOD ARPU. Let me just start with advertiser demand because I think this is an important concept. It's incredibly robust for advertising on Hulu. We're able to use our data. We offer targeted advertising. Some people call it addressable. We've built a unified ad platform across all of our businesses that do utilize advertising. So we're seeing that as being a growth business for us and are very, very pleased with it. On this particular question on the ARPU for Hulu. In the quarter, we benefited growth from some high-impact promotional offers during the quarter on Black Friday. There was one that went into the market. Those particular subscribers are showing high rates of engagement and the conversion of them from the promo to the full price, we're pretty optimistic of that given their engagement levels. So while it was down, you could view it as this was an offering to get people to sample the product. And the -- it seems like the product is being certainly appreciated. And we're hoping for those to once again convert to full paid subscribers
