Robert A. Iger: Doug, I love the business model because I love the quality of what they've created, largely from a technology perspective. You're looking at an industry-leading platform. And we did a fair amount of due diligence on this, speaking with people who have been clients of their service. And also, we did our own due diligence in the sense that we've been clients of competing services. And we concluded that what they've got is really robust. As we consider that and we look at the marketplace and we look at general growth in Internet-delivered video, particularly live, we think this is a really smart investment for the company. And we really think it's smart strategically because we obviously need this capability to take product like ESPN, Disney and other Disney IP onto similar platforms. So we feel great about that. There is some very slight dilution from this 33% acquisition, however. But we feel really good about the trajectory of this business. Obviously by adding IP from the company, starting with ESPN, we think that it will give it the ability to grow faster than it would have grown on its own.
Robert A. Iger: Alexia, we know from what we've seen particularly in the last year, that the inclusion of Disney product, particularly ESPN, on these OTT services is quite meaningful. Sony certainly had that experience when it launched Sony Vue without ESPN. And then it included it later after the launch. And it saw its subs go up substantially. So clearly, we believe that by putting our product on these platforms, the platforms stand a chance of growing faster than they would have without it. Whether it will result, I guess, in a huge shift, I don't know. I think the consumer is largely going to dictate that, but I think it's important to point out that by us being on these platforms at prices that make sense to us, we're really quite neutral in terms of shifting from a traditional MVPD consumer to an over-the-top consumer. Meaning, the pricing of our networks is similar on the over-the-top networks than it is on the MVPD platforms. I guess I could add that – and I guess the DirecTV, AT&T platform, DirecTV Now is a great example of this. We think Hulu will be as well. These platforms provide – will provide great user interface and functionality. And the better the user interface, the better it is for us because we think the customer's going to be more engaged and is likely to consume at higher levels, which could only be good for us. So I'd say look, it's meaningful probably that we're going to be on these platforms. What it means in terms of the distribution of them, we can't say yet, meaning its impact on a shift from traditional to more modern forms of distribution. On the other – on the Parks business, I think there's a lot can be said about the Parks business. We, clearly, have had incredible strength domestically, both at Disneyland and at Disney World. We've had softness in Paris as we've cited. Actually Hong Kong has strengthened. We feel great about the launch of the park in Shanghai and our cruise ship business is also – which is in the Parks business – has been incredibly strong. We mentioned earlier we've not seen an impact from Zika. Interestingly enough, while there's a fair amount of concern about the international tourists, the mix of international tourists to our domestic Parks hasn't really shifted that much. We've had shifts market-to-market. Brazil's had some big issues in the last year, as a for instance. But the mix from international versus domestic attendance is basically in-line with what we've seen. And interestingly enough, Great Britain has been fairly strong, which given what's gone on there, particularly the headlines and the Brexit issue, you'd expect otherwise. And also of course the pound versus the dollar, but business is quite strong there. So we think – and we've got great product domestically. We're continuing to add to that. Avatar will open in 2017, as will the rest of the buildout of Animal Kingdom. We're investing with our Star Wars IP in both California and in Florida. So that bodes well long-term and we're building two new cruise ships. We feel bullish about the business, and I think that the launch of Shanghai should not go unnoticed in the sense that we built something that was very complex and very large and it opened flawlessly. And we know from what we've seen that consumers there really love the product, which is evidenced by the fact that they're staying much longer per visit than we ever expected. So we feel good about the business overall. There've been some foreign exchange issues that we've seen, but – and clearly what's happened in Europe on the terrorism front has put a damper on the Paris results. But I think the long-term trajectory of this business is quite strong.
Robert A. Iger: The goal is to launch the ESPN-branded service probably by the end of the year, but we're not saying specifically what date it will launch. It will include content that BAM Tech has already licensed for Major League Baseball and the National Hockey League, and we will add content that ESPN has licensed like college sports, football and basketball, tennis, rugby, cricket, et cetera. The goal is not to take product off ESPN's current channels but to use sports and product that ESPN has already licensed that's not appearing on the channels. And so we view this as a complementary service to what ESPN is already providing as part of their multichannel package. Obviously in an over-the-top, direct-to-consumer fashion. In terms of the international rollout, I don't think we've gotten that specific nor have we gotten specific about pricing. But I think what you can – you'll see over time is that we're going to create a form of dynamic pricing or pricing that is determined in part by the consumer which – where the consumer actually has a voice in the nature of the package that they buy. There'll be so much product on that you can buy the whole thing or you can buy parts of the whole, and that obviously will have an impact on pricing. And we feel really good about this as a complementary product to what ESPN has, and we feel great about the fact that it will be ESPN-branded.
Robert A. Iger: I think it probably will have an impact on the linear negotiations over time. One thing we should add is that a component of this deal is to provide AT&T Direct with in-season stacking of all episodes of our network shows, which I guess is in the form of change or amendment to the existing deal. We've actually done a similar deal recently with Comcast that I think has been maybe reported on but we haven't been specific or announced. So that basically means that two of the largest MVPDs, AT&T Direct and Comcast, will now have access to in-season stacking of all episodes of our shows. And that's obviously designed to strengthen the traditional MVPD package, and on the DirecTV AT&T side was a result of essentially a new negotiation for this OTT service.
Robert A. Iger: The prioritization on where we put content is all driven by monetization. And where we monetize, where we can monetize the most is where the content will go. And right now, the reason the MVPD, multichannel MVPD product, is the priority is that's where we're monetizing the most. And by the way, the same thing is true with other types of products, like our movie output deal with Netflix, for instance, and some of the other sales that we've made, the Netflix, with Hulu, Amazon, other distributors. What will be interesting is long-term, to what extent do we hold back product to put on services that are ours that we're selling direct to consumer versus third-party distributors, but it's really premature to get into all of that because right now, we've got kind of a best of all worlds in the sense that we're monetizing really well on multiple platforms from multiple parties. And we're starting to move some product in the direct-to-consumer fashion, like what we're doing in the U.K. with DisneyLife, which again is a complimentary service to other subscriptions. In U.K.'s case, the Sky would be the best example of that, where the product that is on DisneyLife is complimentary, in a way, to what is on Sky and does not really rob or deprive Sky of product because we're monetizing so much better from Sky. I have nothing really new to add on the succession front except that we have a really strong Disney board. They are very focused on the subject of succession and committed to it. They have an ongoing process and we're all confident that it will result in a good decision for the Walt Disney Co. and its shareholders long-term.
Robert A. Iger: On the affiliate fee, the per-channel fees – which we're not getting too specific about – are commensurate with what the fees are on the existing services. So it's essentially neutral to us in terms of migration. And the new service will take 100% of our core channels. Not 100% of our channels but of our core channels. And we won't get much more specific than that at this point. But the key channels, particularly at ESPN, will be distributed by DirecTV Now, as well as Disney Channel and Freeform and ABC, et cetera.
Robert A. Iger: Anthony, it's a really good question. The answer is no, that we have purchased a lot of rights. We won't get specific about exactly what they are. But we have a lot of rights that are already purchased to put product on this platform. And BAM has licensed a significant amount of rights as well. So we'll be able to launch this service without adding any additional costs to purchase new rights. What specific rights will be on – you mentioned ACC – we're not going to get into details. Obviously we're going to be launching an ACC channel and a platform. And we're going to be mindful of the product that we put on that as we go to the distribution world and seek distribution for that. I will say that long-term, there may be an opportunity to purchase additional rights to put onto this service. Because the technology is so robust that we actually believe that it does enable us to potentially expand our sports offering, which is something long-term down the road we will consider. But from a near-term – on a near-term basis, don't expect there's any incremental costs associated with rights acquisition.
Robert A. Iger: No, I wouldn't say that they will, except there was consideration for the rights that we're bestowing. But I won't get into details about what that consideration was. But don't expect it's going to have a meaningful impact on cable fee increases. Where it could have an impact is if it enables the MVPDs to retain subs more effectively. Then I think that's to be considered a real positive. But the rights weren't just given away, but there are other considerations.
Robert A. Iger: I think your question about a proliferation of sports is a fair question. We ultimately believe that where we will end up is a bigger piece of a bigger pie. In the sense that we think the ACC is very attractive product. We have every reason to believe that something would have been launched eventually from the ACC. And we wanted to participate in and facilitate that launch. We feel the same about what we're doing with BAM. We think that there's actually an expanding sports universe because there are a lot of sports that are on that do not get as much distribution. And there's significant interest in live and in live sports that if you look at the NBA finals as an example. Now maybe not a great example because they were so great. But we just – or to look at the NFL, another great example. In general, live sports has really thrived, even in a world where there's so much more for people to do and to watch. And we believe that our best interest as a company is to invest more in the total pie.
Robert A. Iger: By the way, even if it means fragmentation, because we ultimately think that all of the new parts will be greater than the current whole. All of the addition of the new parts will result in a bigger whole.
Robert A. Iger: And to cover your question, Ben, about sports rights in general and things that we passed on in the Big Ten, we won't get too specific about the Big Ten except to say we're hopeful that we will continue a relationship with them. We look at ESPN as a whole and their menu of sports product, and we've tried hard to extend relationships with sports that are delivering great value to ESPN and that will continue to, and in some cases, we really believe have growth potential. The new NBA deal that kicks in, we feel great about, even though there's a substantial increase in rights from the last year of the old deal to the first year of the new. We're expanding our rights package with the NBA and we believe that it's still a sport that's on the rise in terms of popularity. Because live sports is very attractive to distributors, to advertisers, to consumers, we don't really see the costs abating. There's just a lot of competition for it. There's a lot of demand for the quality that sports represents. And we know that we can't buy everything, so we've made some tough decisions, but we can't look you in the eye and say that costs are going to go down because still among the most valuable product that's out there.
Robert A. Iger: I think – probably be a number of factors, maybe all of them that you mentioned. We feel great about where they are technically, by the way. We think – we feel great about the potential, and I don't want to say that our purchase of a controlling stake is inevitable, but we wanted to maintain the option to do that, sort of a bit of a walk before we run. Although admittedly, we're walking very fast initially with the size of this investment and the collaboration that we're going – that will result in between us and the BAM Tech team. But we just wanted to get a sense for where the business is going and what the scope or scale of this is. It also gives BAM a chance to monetize the remaining stake that we might buy at a level that's commensurate with the value at the time that we make the purchase.
Robert A. Iger: Let me add to that, though, by saying that we are making another Frozen movie, although it won't be out for a few years. And that in our slate in fiscal 2017 is another Star Wars movie and a Cars movie. And Cars, before Frozen, was the number one Consumer Products franchise at the company. Not as big as Star Wars, but really significant. So – and we also have Spiderman being released by Sony but being made by us, as well as Thor in calendar 2017. And so we have a lot of Marvel activity as well. And then, of course, we've recently with Zootopia had some real success at Disney Animation, which gives us a new franchise to mine, admittedly not nearly as big as some of the other franchises. So there's a lot of activity there. And if you look at the film slate over the next number of years, there's a significant amount of IP. Beauty and the Beast is another coming out in March from the Studio that Consumer Products can mine. Also – let's also recognize the fact that Consumer Products has doubled its earnings over the last four years. That's just tremendous, tremendous growth. And it will be hard to top that over the next number of years. But what we've built is an incredible engine to leverage and monetize the IP output of this company over a long period of time and globally. And no one's got that.
Robert A. Iger: Okay. We're not going to get specific about BAM Tech. We said it's going to be dilutive but very – in a very modest way. And it's obviously not been a public company, but we're just not going to get specific about that. I can tell you a fair amount about Shanghai, although not going to give you too many numbers. We expected in opening that a large part of the visitation would come from Shanghai, and actually we've been surprised that the visitation from the rest of China has been as strong as it has been, because our concentration from a marketing perspective was largely in the local region. But it's come from all over China. One factor could be that Shanghai is a tourist destination for the rest of China, particularly in the summer, and that people from Shanghai are waiting for the tourist season to end before they visit. Now our visitation from Shanghai has also been strong. We did some research and there was 98% awareness of the park among the people in Shanghai and well over 70% intent to visit from the people in Shanghai. So that's really – those are incredible statistics. I mentioned earlier on the call that people who are coming are staying almost two hours longer than we expected. That's a very good thing, because it suggests that they are really enjoying the product. And that in fact is the case, because we've done a fair amount of research on guest reaction, guest satisfaction, and it's very high. We won't get very specific with you about per caps, except the per caps have been quite strong, particularly in the food and beverage side. And we're also doing very well with our hotels: 95%, 96% occupancy. And Lion King, which is a separate ticket, is also doing extremely well and very well booked. So we had essentially a flawless opening that the people, not just of Shanghai, but the people of China have embraced. Clearly the marketing has worked and the product is performing really well. And with that in mind we're already expanding. We broke ground a while ago on expansion of the park. We've not announced exactly what it is that we're building, but we're already building to expand and we have plenty of property, I should remind everyone. So that we have an opportunity to build out new lands, new gate, new hotels, new restaurants, et cetera. All very positive.
Robert A. Iger: That new Sling product is pretty skinny. I was going to say so skinny you can't even see it. But I mentioned earlier on the call that a few new products have entered the marketplace without us, namely without ESPN. Sony was one. And had real troubles getting off the ground. And in Sony's case, when ESPN was added they had a significant uptick in their subs. So I don't want to suggest that Sling has to have ESPN. They'll determine that. But as we look at the product that they're offering, we really don't believe that it's going to have – it has a great future, because it's lacking some of the most attractive channels that are out there. You can slice and dice some of these channels, but – to create packages, but if you don't have some of the best ones, it's pretty hard to see significant adoption of the service that's being offered.
Robert A. Iger: I just – this is Bob. I just want to thank everybody for the call and hope you all have a good rest of your summer. We feel really good about this quarter. Clearly the bottom-line 12% increase in EPS was quite strong. The Studio's performance, as Christine mentioned, through three quarters is record performance for us already, maybe a record performance for any studio in the industry. And the slate going forward is extremely strong. What we did in Shanghai was certainly something that we feel great about and very excited about. And the future there is very bright. And the two announcements that we made today are really important. BAM Tech provides us with a great opportunity in a space that is very exciting, both to us and to consumers, and the OTT relationship that we've now created with AT&T Direct is also very important. We think they're going to launch an incredibly robust platform with a great user interface, and it's great to be part of that launch. And I thank you all very much.
Christine M. McCarthy: Okay. Doug, on cable affiliate revenue growth, you're right that in this quarter it was up 3.5%. And also that would have been up one percentage point higher if it were not for the negative FX impact. You're correct that in the second quarter, it was 1.2%. And I wouldn't read too much into the quarter-by-quarter shifts in it. But the 3.5% is the right number for this quarter.
Christine M. McCarthy: I'll take the first one, Todd. And I did mention on my comments that the ESPN ad revenue this quarter was up 5%.
Christine M. McCarthy: Sure. In the parks this quarter, as I mentioned also in the comments, that they did have some cost-control measures, some cost initiatives. And that flowed through in their operating line.
Christine M. McCarthy: Okay. So on foreign exchange, Bryan, we had the estimated year-over-year impact for fiscal 2016 at $500 million and that is still a good number. So, looking – and you're probably referring to the impact of Brexit and did that have any significant impact either on 2016 or looking forward – on 2016 it did not, because we were 100% hedged for the year. So changes during this year did not impact our foreign currency exposure. And when Brexit occurred, we were already 85% hedged for fiscal 2017. So the impact from those currency shifts post-Brexit were very muted for us. On DCP, I think it's fair to assume that the difficult Frozen comps will continue. As you know, that was a tremendous piece of IP for us and it was very, very successful in our consumer products division. So those comps will continue to be difficult on a quarterly basis.
Christine M. McCarthy: And just one more thing. On Frozen, while that's a difficult comp, let's not forget that Star Wars and Finding Dory merchandise was very strong this quarter.
Christine M. McCarthy: Okay. On Parks CapEx, you're right in that the number was down for the quarter. But I wouldn't read too much into that. A lot of that is timing related. As we've mentioned before and Bob mentioned, the offerings that will be – that are underway and soon to come to the theme park near you, such as the Star Wars lands in both Anaheim and Orlando, those are underway. So this CapEx is more of a timing issue, and we will update next quarter for the prospective year what to look forward to for fiscal 2017.
