Robert A. Iger: Thanks, Michael. I'll answer the second question first. We have no updates regarding the regulatory filings. In June, our S-4 stated that we anticipated getting the necessary regulatory filings in the various markets around the world between 6 and 12 months from then, and we don't intend to update that at all. Regarding Netflix and our strategy regarding the apps, first of all, because we will be launching the Disney app into the market probably in about, well, a year, sometime the end of calendar 2019, we're going to walk before we run as it relates to volume of content because it takes time to build the kind of content library that ultimately we intend to build. That said, because the Disney app will feature Pixar, Marvel, Disney, ultimately National Geographic will be a contributor, Lucasfilm, Star Wars, we feel that it does not have to have anything close to the volume of what Netflix has because of the value of the brands and the specific value of the programs that will be included on it. And the price, by the way, will also reflect a lower volume of product as will, by the way, the cost of producing and owning all that content. Obviously, after the deal closes for 21st Century Fox, we'll own 60% of Hulu. So that will fit in very significantly to our app strategy. And then I talked about in my earlier comments and we've spoken a fair amount about this in the past, we have the ESPN app. As we look at all three, it is our feeling – and as we look at the environment today, I guess one thing you could even point to would be the great growth in the new digital OTT offerings where you're looking at essentially fewer channels, slightly less choice for less cost. We don't really want to go to market with an aggregation play that replicates the multi-channel environment that exists today because we feel consumers are more interested in essentially making decisions on their own in terms of what kind of packages that they want. So rather than one, let's call it, gigantic aggregated play, we're going to bring to the market what we've already brought to market, sports play. I'll call it Disney Play, which is more family-oriented. And then, of course, there's Hulu. And they will basically be designed to attract different tastes and different segment or audience demographics. If a consumer wants all three, ultimately, we see an opportunity to package them from a pricing perspective. But it could be that a consumer just wants sports or just wants family or just wants the Hulu offering, and we want to be able to offer that kind of flexibility to consumers because that's how we feel the consumer behavior, what consumer behavior demands in today's environment.
Robert A. Iger: Ben, the launch of the Disney DTC products at the end of 2019 is probably the biggest priority – is the biggest priority of the company during calendar 2019. And there will be a significant amount of support given across all of our assets to see to it that that product launches successfully. We, obviously, from a Disney perspective, have connection with and we are in touch with Disney consumers, Disney aficionados, all over the world, not just people who've gone to our parks or the people who've been to our movies and bought a variety of consumer products and have joined the various Disney affinity organizations, like D23. And so, we actually think that the first priority is going to be reaching the core Disney fan, and we certainly have a number of different company touch points to do that. And then on the second part, I'll let Christine talk about the cost and how we're going to ultimately manage it from a financial perspective.
Robert A. Iger: You're right, Jessica. We have spoken about $2 billion in cost synergies and we're confident that we're going to be able to deliver those. There will be revenue synergies as well, but we have not been specific about what they are and we don't intend to get specific about that at least for the foreseeable future. Maybe eventually we will, but right now we don't intend to. We are looking at incremental investment from a content perspective from both the Disney side of the company. So we have a variety of different, as you know, original productions in development and production right now essentially to feed the app. We also intend to turn to the Fox side of the business. I mentioned National Geographic, FX, Searchlight. We look at the Fox Television Studios. They are not only great franchises and brands that come out of those organizations, but there's a lot of talent both on the executive front and there are talent relationships that we can turn to, to help essentially fuel the direct-to-consumer businesses that we have. We've not been specific about what kind of incremental production cost is associated, but certainly there will be some. We believe that as we get closer to launch, we'll have the ability to just be a little bit more specific with all of you about what our plans are from a cost perspective.
Robert A. Iger: And particularly given the fact that we've launched some very, very attractive new properties, including Toy Story Land and the Star Wars Land is going to open sometime in calendar 2019, so that's going to give us some pricing or revenue yield opportunities as well.
Robert A. Iger: Well, I'll answer the second question. We'll be going to market with some very attractive product. Obviously, I don't know if we could cover all of what they are because you certainly know what they are, Alexia. And we also know that the traditional distributors are very, very interested in distributing our DTC products as they do right now, by the way, for Netflix. And so, we actually believe that they can in a sense live side-by-side as part of the negotiation and not necessarily create issues. I think there is a reality that is set-in in the distribution side of the business that the business is changing, that consumer habits have changed, and that the over-the-top SVOD product is here to stay and is real, and is probably going to continue to either compete with the more traditional platforms or complement the more traditional platforms. So we don't really see it complicating our negotiations with the primary distributors. The first on, ESPN+, I realized when I said that the subscriber numbers were exceeding our expectations, it was probably going to beg the question, well, then what are they and we haven't been specific. They don't tell you if (33:19) we're telling the truth, so that doesn't do much good. We had relatively modest expectations. I'm not going to be specific on numbers. We're just not ready to get into that. But as it related to what kind of subscribers we would ultimately achieve from the beginning in part because of the nature of the product offering, but actually we've added nicely to that product offering. Boxing is the probably the primary example, but there has been some other good programming as well. And we've been heartened by the fact that the conversion rates from free to pay have been quite strong and the trends that we're seeing in terms of churn are modest in nature in the sense that they're manageable. As we add more product, I mentioned in my comments, we've got a huge lineup of college football, 200 games coming up this coming season, 70 in the first three weeks. UFC kicks in. Today, we announced the inclusion of the very attraction Italian soccer league Serie A. So Cristiano Ronaldo's first match with his new team will be on ESPN+, which is exciting. And then, of course, as the season unfolds the next baseball season and the NHL season, MLS, there'll be regular games from all three of those leagues and more and more programming. So we feel really good about how we are positioned and we'll continue to look opportunistically in terms of what rights will be available. A lot of the rights in sports are already spoken for, but we still have some opportunities including some opportunities to take some of the rights that we already own for the ESPN primary channels and move them along. Give you an example is, we have a lot of inventory for Little League World Series. And we've noted that as we've gotten more specific with consumers about what Little League games will be available, our subscription sign-ups have ballooned in the last few days as a for instance we believe as a result of interest in just that. So we actually feel good about it. It's a marathon; it's not a sprint. The product seems to be working well technologically. It's quite stable from a streaming perspective, and we feel great about it.
Robert A. Iger: So, Doug, to answer the first question, we don't see the need to rush because the market will pass us by, simply because the only place people are going to be able to get Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars original product is going to be on this app. And so, we believe whenever we launch, it will be attractive. What we want to do is we want to make sure when we launch it is viewed as a quality product that we're serving the fans, particularly of Marvel, Pixar, Disney and Star Wars well, and that the price that we're charging reflects the value that we're delivering. We've mentioned a number of times that we have the luxury of programming this product with programs from those brands or derived from those brands, which obviously creates a demand and gives us the ability to not necessarily be in the volume game, but to be in the quality game. And that's not in any way suggesting that Netflix isn't in the quality game. There's a lot of quality there, but they're also in the high volume game. And we don't really need to do that. We will fill in, in terms of creating volume with a significant amount of library content, both movie and television content. And so, it's not as though the cupboard's going to be bare, but we want to produce the programming that we're putting on under the right circumstances which means with the right budgets and the right timing. It takes time to produce these, particularly to produce them well. There are a number that already in production. And so, we feel good about ultimately what we're going to lunch with. But I think the way to look at it is to look at it as a service that is focused on those brands. We'll also infuse it with National Geographic product as well when the time is right to do that. We will continue to spend incrementally on this service; we talked about that a fair amount. But we will always do so, again, with the knowledge that because of the specificity of these brands and the uniqueness of them, that we don't have to be in the absolute volume game. We have to put enough on to make sense from a price to value relationship perspective.
Robert A. Iger: Well, we knew when we made the decision to do this that a number of the products that have been made and it will be made in the rest of 2018 are encumbered by licensing arrangements that we have with a number of different entities. In notably, Netflix and Stars you mentioned, there are some windows down the road that enable us to put those films on our service. I don't think we've been specific about that, but you'll see when we launch. But starting in 2019, the movies – the Studio movie slate is clean and unencumbered. And so, one of the reasons why we've talked about – I don't want to say walk before we run because it's not quite that. There's going to be a fair amount of running going on. But we want to make sure we're managing expectations. The price of the service will reflect that. The volume of the product it's on. But it's also one of the reasons why we're creating a fair amount of original content for it as well, original Star Wars series, original Pixar series, original Marvel series and so on. And some original films as well because it's clear that from a library perspective while there is certainly a lot of volume, the recent Studio slate will not fully be available at any one-time because of the existing deals and it wouldn't take time for those rights ultimately to revert back to us. But what we have been doing is making sure that since the time that we made the decision to bring the service out, we've not done anything that further encumbers any of our product.
Robert A. Iger: We're obviously going to make sure that when we bring this product forward, we market it. People are going to know that if they're looking for, I don't know, The Force Awakens, that it's not going to be on. But if they're looking for Star Wars movies that launched in 2019 or original Star Wars series, you will find that here. And as rights become available or as we're able to negotiate for rights to bring back, you'll see them on the service and so on and so on. But if you look at the 2019 Studio slate, I saw something recently posted just about the Studio slate. So in calendar 2019, the Studio slate is about as strong as it gets. And to give you some ideas, it's got Captain Marvel, Dumbo, Avengers, Aladdin, Toy Story 4, The Lion King, Artemis Fowl, Jungle Cruise, Frozen 2 and Star Wars: Episode IX, all in calendar 2019. None of those films are encumbered by existing distribution deals. So when we launch at the end of 2019, now they still have to be windowed in based on how we bring product to market, but the windowing will not be affected by existing licensing deals. So again, I'm going to read those again, but calendar 2019: Captain Marvel, Dumbo, Avengers, Aladdin, Toy Story 4, Lion King, Artemis Fowl, Jungle Cruise, Frozen 2 and Star Wars. That's a pretty strong slate.
Robert A. Iger: On the RSNs, no. We took on initially in the December deal that we announced, we assumed the responsibility of divestiture if the regulatory process demanded that we do that. It wasn't Fox that would either buy them under those circumstances or would take them back. The RSNs though in the agreement that was reached with the Justice Department will be sold and the process of selling them is actually already beginning, in that conversations are starting, interest is being expressed. And it's likely that we'll negotiate a deal to sell them, but the deal will not be fully executed, or won't close until after the overall deal for 21st Century Fox closes. There's nothing more really to add on that. On Sky, there's really nothing further to add. I think just to clarify because there were some erroneous reports about this. But there was a filing in the UK today. It was a formal filing as per UK Law, and that's what Fox had to do to basically formalize its £14 offer for the remaining 61%. But as per our July 8-K filing, our consent is required for an increase in that bid. And since this is a fluid situation, an open matter, we really are not going to comment any further about it. I think that would be the most appropriate.
Christine M. McCarthy: Ben, so the way we're going to treat the content is we will be capitalizing the cost of the new content. And as you know, we will be starting to do that now and going forward until the launch. That will be put on the balance sheet, and we will amortize it once it's finished and airing.
Christine M. McCarthy: The only thing I would add to that, Jessica, is on the cost that $2 billion we had given that it would be achieved after the second year post-closing and that would be roughly 50% in the first year, 50% by the end of the second year. And you can anticipate more domestic at the front end just because of regulatory issues outside of the U.S. On the parks margins, you did indicate that you saw that increase. Year-over-year, the park margin expanded by 190 basis points this quarter and that included the negative drag from the holiday shift. So that included the 60 basis point drag. The opportunities that we see of continuing to expand parks margin will be yield management, which we have talked to you about before. And we still believe that there is opportunity for that especially in the domestic market.
Christine M. McCarthy: Okay, Doug. For the question of the pay-TV one window. For the time being, you should assume status quo. But as the service launches, we will be reevaluating the way we're treating that window, and we'll be getting more information once we finalize how we're going to account for it.
Christine M. McCarthy: Yeah. Thanks, David. We have plenty of capacity to satisfy those maturities. It's absolutely no issue for us from a liquidity perspective.
Christine M. McCarthy: And on ESPN ad sales, as you noted, ad revenue was down in the third quarter and it's still kind of early in the fourth quarter. As Bob mentioned, college football, we are getting into that season and the match-ups are all getting out in the marketplace and we expect the ad revenue to reflect that. Just looking back at third quarter, I do want to make the note that the difference in the number of NBA Playoffs and final games when you adjust for that, we had one fewer final, we had two fewer semi-finals, but we had the benefit of three additional conference finals. When you net all that out, ESPN's ad sales in 3Q would have been roughly similar to the prior year.
