Bob Iger: Thank you Jay and good afternoon. We’re pleased with our performance in Q3 and we believe we’re well positioned going forward. I would like to address a couple of specifics about our businesses starting with ESPN which was one again a key driver in Q3, Jay commented about ESPN’s ratings in the quarter and I would like to add some perspective. In an average week more than 113 million Americans tune in or log on to access ESPN content with the average person spending almost 7 hours a week engaged with ESPN Media on a variety of platforms. In Q3 nearly 9 out of 10 homes with access to ESPN tuned in to at least one of the ESPN networks. Since 96% of sporting events are watched live, sports are virtually DVR-proof making ESPN incredibly valuable to advertisers as well as cable operators. We have ranked the ESPN the number one network in perceived value for 13 years in a row and the most important network for nine straight years. Even though ESPN is a clear market leader, it continues to refine its sports portfolio, expand original programming, invest in new technology, and innovate to enhance the fan experience. ESPN’s recent acquisition of the exclusive rights for U.S. Open tennis is growing array of digital services including WatchESPN and the new SEC Network next summer are a few recent examples of ESPN’s constant innovation that will deliver even greater value to consumers, operators, and advertisers. And with so many of the major sports rights locked up for the next 10 years, given ESPN’s brand strength and its continued focus on investment and innovation, we remain confident in ESPN’s value and its position as the number one brand in sports over the long-term. Our acquisition of Marvel also continues to drive real value for us across the company. Following the record setting performance of The Avengers last year, the huge success of Iron Man 3 this summer continue the Marvel momentum, which bodes incredibly well for upcoming Marvel releases including Thor: The Dark World, Captain America: The Winter Soldier, Guardians of the Galaxy, and of course, Avengers 2. We previewed this late at Comic-Con a couple of weeks ago and the phenomenal audience reaction is anything to go by, there is huge appetite for more great Marvel content. There is also a great deal of excitement around ABC’s new series and Avengers spin-off called Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. The first episode got a standing ovation at Comic-Con along with rave reviews. And this month Disney XD premieres its third animated Marvel series. We continue to be extremely pleased with the creative success of our Animation Studios, Monsters University opened in June to become the latest in Pixar’s unbroken string of hits, Planes from Disneytoon Studios opened this Friday, and Frozen, another great movie from Disney Animation will introduce two new Disney princesses when it opens in theatres at Thanksgiving. We are also looking forward to the launch of Disney Infinity on August 18. We have showcased Infinity to a number of audiences and we are very encouraged by the overwhelmingly positive response we are getting across the board from retailers, reviewers, and consumers alike. And we are also very proud of the several best of awards that Disney Infinity earned at this year’s E3. So, given what’s ahead for Disney, ABC, ESPN, Pixar, and Marvel as well as the upcoming Star Wars Episode 7, we are incredibly well-positioned for growth and expect solid results in 2014, ‘15, and beyond. I am going to turn this call back over to Lowell, so that we can take your questions. 
Bob Iger: The second part of the question Doug ESPN has strong upfront both in terms of the increases on the CPM front (ph) and in terms of overall revenue and did not detect any impact whatsoever from any new competitive forces including Fox Sports 1. 
Bob Iger: On the Hulu front Jessica we as you know with our co-owner Fox explored a sale for considerable amount of time and went free far down the road in terms of that process and during that time we became more and more convinced that there was real strategic value to Hulu and there was value from a financial perspective meaning we could grow it at a rate that would be overall positive for the shareholders of our company. We also decided when we decided to keep it to infuse Hulu with approximately $750 million of new capital that is aimed at strengthening it's team, strengthening it's technology because we believe we need to continue to invest in the technology platform and of course strengthening it's contents or it's programming which is you know we’ve seen new entrants and there are other entrants in the marketplace do extremely well with. I won't get specific in terms of the direction because we’re going to leave that to the management team of Hulu but we think that there is considerable opportunity here and that opportunity will bode well for both Hulu itself but also for content owners who will have a robust platform to sell the content to and for the creative side who will have another entity to sell programming to, or to create for. On the retrans front we never like to see battles like this obviously because we think that sometimes they bring attention to the business that isn't necessarily helpful, that said maybe you would expect this from a programmer but we feel strongly about the need for broadcasters to be paid adequately for the value that they deliver both to consumers or customers of multi-channel services and to the distributors themselves. Even though these broadcast stations can be as you know obtain for free, over the year we know that distributors repackage these signals and in fact sell them as part of other services to consumers and thus we think we should get paid. We also believe that the combination of programming both national and network and local particularly news is really compelling as evidenced by the ratings of these stations deliver compared with the ratings of numerous other channels and therefore we think that the station should get paid accordingly. I don’t really have details about this negotiation so I don’t really want to weigh in specifically about it but I don’t sense that the government is closed to jumping into the fray on this one. I think they probably prefer that we work this out or that owners of stations and distributors work this out themselves but I don’t get a sense that there is government intervention that is imminent because of this. 
Bob Iger: Okay. We do feel comfortable with the guide on the re-trans revenue by 2015 of $400 million to $500 million. We love Scandal and it has been sold to I guess a couple of entities and it also is being sold internationally, but the impact in the fourth quarter is relatively small. As it relates to the ABC Network going into the season we have been saying now for a few quarters that ABC is due to put on its schedule a couple of new strong shows to replace what was the foundation of the schedule over the sort of Desperate Housewives, Lost, Grey’s Anatomy years. We are hopeful that their new schedule will deliver what ABC needs, not only in terms of what I will call the downstream revenue through owning the programs, but also from a ratings perspective and ultimately an advertising perspective. We think they have got a couple of really hot comedies and a couple of hot dramas I mentioned one earlier in S.H.I.E.L.D. I mean, we are going to go into the fall feeling relatively bullish about ABC’s ability to strengthen its schedule and deliver better bottom line, but until the season unfolds you never can quite tell. 
Bob Iger: Overall, the business for our parks domestically is quite good, good enough for us to take another price increase, but this one was somewhat different, and that I think for the first time, we created price differential between the Magic Kingdom and the other parks for the obvious reason that the Magic Kingdom is the most popular park, the most iconic. And so we thought there was an opportunity there. And we didn’t sense any backlash from the marketplace at all. And as you said, we have had strength not just in terms of attendance growth, but we have had strength in terms of spending, not just ticket prices, but room rates and merchandise and food and beverage. I would say that – we have also had increase in international attendance. Year-to-date, it’s up domestically 7% both Orlando and in California. And so we think that bodes well. And we think that we are well positioned in this quarter, particularly coming off the third quarter, Magic Kingdom in Florida had record numbers as Jay mentioned in the third quarter. By the way that was also true for our park in Tokyo and our park in Hong Kong is also doing quite well. If we are seeing softness in our parks unit, it’s in Europe, at Paris, which Jay also mentioned. So, we think we are well positioned. We have got new product in the marketplace. We are not finished with Fantasyland in Orlando. We still have one big attraction to open, which is going to open in 2014. Cars Land and the impact of that on California Adventure has also continued to show great strength, although in California we are lapping the success of the opening a year ago a bit. I’m not sure that I’ve anything else I would necessarily want to add, we have a lot of other product coming beyond Fantasy Land ultimately we’re going to add Avatar as we have said although we have not announced an opening date yet in Florida, couple of years out at least and we’re going to continue to invest in Disney Land, we have got some pretty exciting things that we will be announcing over the next couple of months. 
Bob Iger: It's really having not an impact from a revenue perspective really at all because we’re still rolling it out and what I would call test phase the reason for that is that this is a very significant undertaking from a technological perspective and we really want to make sure that we walk before we run because we don’t really want to overload our technological backbone. So we’re in what I will call another beta phase that started in August 2nd and it is basically designed for us to have a full roll out, the probable full roll out in the early part of fiscal ’14 and that’s when you will start to see an impact from a revenue perspective but right now we’re mostly heading cost associated with Magic Plus ahead of what will be we believe some interesting revenue generating opportunities. I can also say that it's working meaning those that are using it and we have got a number of people that have used it have reacted very well. This test that we’re in right now should be probably be used by over 80,000 people or 80,000 guests based on the reservations that we have written against with this initiative attached to them. 
Bob Iger: Well on the advertising agency front that announcement was made only recently and so we don’t haven't any sort of really experience in terms of how to judge it, I would say we’re studying it that doesn’t in any way mean that we’re worried about it necessarily but it's still pretty new and we want to understand what it's potential impact could be before we comment about it publically. In terms of consolidation on the distribution front, this is probably the most robust era we have ever seen from a distribution perspective meaning the number of outlets that are available to often sent (ph) to other content owners to distribute their product has grown significantly and pretty dramatically in some cases, obviously Netflix is probably the most recent one and we feel that some consolidation among cable owners if that occurs is going to have no impact whatsoever on our business because there are so many buyers in the marketplace. We also have as you know an array of services that everybody wants fortunately and therefore we think that we have basically the kind of leverage necessary not just to gain access but to achieve the kind of pricing that we need to achieve to grow our businesses. 
Bob Iger: I have long since learned that judging the football schedule before the season unfolds can be, I guess, a bit premature. I either overreact to it meaning thinking that it’s positive or overreact the other way season by season. And I discover year-after-year that until you really see how these teams play what dynamics occur – as you know it a star quarterback gets injured and suddenly a team that you have two or three times becomes substantially less attractive than before. So, I don’t want to judge this one except to say that at least on paper going in, we feel that we have got a good solid schedule. Last year, we were somewhat disappointed by our results. That’s not just a function of how teams ultimately perform, but sometimes, the quality of the game, I am not suggesting – what I mean by that is how competitive a game is. So, it’s just too tough to predict. I like the schedule going in this time around, but I have been there many times before only to find out that I might have been wrong and the opposite is true. We have been pleasantly surprised. On the other question that you asked, ESPN has been selling multi-platform advertising for quite a long time. I don’t know the percentage, but it’s extremely high in terms of the number of buyers that ESPN that buy across their various platforms from their digital services to radio, to their magazine, to their channels. And they have grown that nicely. The Watchapp is an opportunity for them to generate more advertising revenue and they are in fact selling ads for the Watchapp, but the numbers even though they are in the probably tens of millions of dollars at this point, they are still relatively small when compared to their total both advertising revenue and their total revenue, but we believe that they will continue to grow. And we obviously believe that I’d say that the penetration of mobile media and not only how fast it has occurred, but how quickly it’s being adopted by the consumers, one of the most dramatic changes we have seen in the media business in a very long time. And I think provides us with a great opportunity considering the fact that we have been at the forefront in many respects of making sure that we are putting products on the mobile platforms or making the product that we have available on non-mobile platforms available via mobile. 
Bob Iger: Okay. Let’s first characterize summer box office, these last number of summers have been very competitive and quite crowded. I don’t know that this summer got any more crowded or more competitive than before although certainly there was a lot of attention paid to it. We actually think we had an excellent summer and that we ended up with Iron Man 3, which did over $1.2 billion in global box office, which is substantially above what Iron Man 2 and Iron Man 1 did and the highest Marvel box office film of all time next to Avengers. We actually think Avengers helped Iron Man 3 and we believe that the impact of Avengers will be felt on future Marvel products, particularly Thor, which is coming up first and then Captain America, and of course, Avengers 2. There has been a lot said I know about the risk of basically high-cost tent-pole films, and we certainly can attest to that given what happened with Lone Ranger, and Jay went into the details. We still believe that a tent-pole strategy is a good strategy that one way to rise above the din and the competition is with a big film, not just a big budget but big story, big cast, big marketing behind it. We think that the Disney, Pixar, Marvel and ultimately the Star Wars Lucas Brand will actually contribute to our ability to rise above that then and compete quite effectively but we also know and I know I’m probably saying the obvious but you still have to make really strong films. So I don’t know that the dynamic has changed that much expect that if there are tempo films being made I guess technically there is more risk in the marketplace. But we have known all about that risk for quite some time. As we look forward as I mentioned we feel very confident in them obviously. I mentioned three of them Guardians of the Galaxy as another one which we’re very excited about and that the Marvel character library is only being mined from the tip of the iceberg perspective we will be mindful of not going to the well too often because it's hard to make great films and so our charge to Marvel is bring films to market where you really believe in the stories and the story tellers. Disney Live Action, we’re going to continue to make probably in the neighborhood of five to at the very, very most 10 but most cases it's less than that, Live Disney, Live Action Films. Some will be tempo films like we have Maleficent coming up as for instance Tomorrowland is another one, some will be much lower budget films like Saving Mr. Banks which is coming up at the end of this calendar year and of course we believe in Lucas and Star Wars which is ’15 and then our animation strategy is clearly working. We did almost 260 million in box for Monsters 2 and we’re hopeful that it's going to exceed $400 million in box office outside the United States which will make it I think the fourth highest grossing Pixar film of all time with Toy Story and Nemo and one other ahead of it that’s a pretty good story. We like what’s happening with Disney Animation. We have had a couple of real hits in Tangled and in Wreck It Ralph and we believe in Frozen coming up and we’ve got a really fine movie coming up this weekend in Plains (ph) which is made by Disney 2 studios but it bears the Disney brand was that one point going to be a direct a video and we looked at it and we saw the quality we decided that bring it up theatrically was a wise move. So I know that’s a long way of my saying that we think that Marvels, Disney, Pixar, Lucas Branded film strategy is a good one for us not only because of what we believe it can deliver from a box office perspective but the obvious value it delivers to this company across so many platforms from games, Infinite is a good example to our consumer products and you’ve to consider publishing as part of that because the digital side of publishing and of course what it means for us and our products we’re evidence of all of these branded franchise films is clear both domestically and internationally across all of our products businesses. On the consumer products front we believe that there is upside or incremental earnings from the mining of the consumer products that will come from not only the marble franchises but also from Lucas even though there have been a lot of Star Wars, a lot of Star Wars product out in the marketplace. We think that when we put these companies together combining the teams and taking all these great product to market that there is a substantial potential not only to increase sales but to increase royalties for these products and so we view the consumer product side of these acquisitions as truly additive. 
Bob Iger: Thanks, David. I am probably not going to reveal anything to you that you haven’t heard me say before, but let me reiterate how we think about this. I think that you, first of all, you are correct in that. Our belief is that a lot of the capital investment we have been engaged in, particularly in parks and resorts over the past three or four years plus the deployment of capital in acquisitions will yield returns such that we will have the great problem of dealing with increasing cash flow as the years go by. We look very hard for internal and organic ways to invest our capital above our rate of return. We think that’s why our investors give us their money to invest. And I think we have demonstrated a pretty good track record at finding projects in our businesses that allow us on an incremental basis to create returns that are very, very attractive to shareholders. That being said, we are not departing from kind of the formula we have used in returning capital to shareholders, where we have consistently returned 20% or so of the cash generated by the company to shareholders in terms of buybacks. If you look at this year’s buyback plan, you see that it’s so far this year pretty consistent with that at $3.2 billion. Remember, we committed buy in the Lucas shares over two years. And if you look at last year’s CapEx – I am sorry buyback versus this year’s you will see that it is nicely up. And to sort of comment on keeping your powder dry, we are not cash hoarders. We have an excellent balance sheet that we worked very hard at keeping as a strategic asset for the company to allow us access to the capital markets. You see our interest expense is way down this year. That’s due to the fact that we have been able to both refinance high-cost debt like we had at Disneyland Paris as well as borrow money at record levels in terms of the issues we have made. So, we feel very good about our balance sheet, access to cash, we don’t feel the need to afford cash. So, if we do not find ample internal opportunities in terms of investment or interesting acquisitions, then we will in fact increase our returns to shareholders. 
Bob Iger: The NBA David is very important to ESPN both from a quality of programming perspective but also from a volume perspective and it's certainly a priority of ESPN to extend their relationship with the league. I think the league would believe that it would beneficial for them as well to stay on ESPN which is a very, very important platform for them. I don’t want to sound in anyway as though we’re complacent but I think it would be safe to assume that we’re reasonably confident that we will be able to extend that relationship and I do not want to at any way give any prediction or whatever is what we might do if the price gets to a point that it's substantially above what we expected. 
Bob Iger: Thank you Barton and thanks again everyone for joining us today. Note that a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures that were referred to on this call to equivalent GAAP measures can be found on our website. Let me also remind everyone that certain statements on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under the securities laws. We make these statements on the basis of our views and assumptions regarding future events and business performance at the time we make them and we do not undertake any obligation to update these statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from the results expressed or implied in light of a variety of factors, including those contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This concludes today's call. Have a good afternoon, everyone. 
Jay Rasulo: Hi, Doug. Let me start, it’s Jay. So, the $160 million to $190 million range that I gave you is the impairment that we will take on the asset of the film and then the operating loss that we will experience in Q4. And you will get a very explicit breakout of those numbers in the Q basically it’s like 86 on impairment than the rest. We don’t know of course what the actual operating loss will be. The reason that we are recognizing that in the fourth quarter just for all of your ratification is that the accounting rules for film cost impairments were amended by the financial accounting standards board and adopted by us of course right thereafter in Q1 of fiscal year ’13. Under the old rules if a film was released at the end of the quarter but prior to the company’s filing it's statements then the films performance resulted in impairment the company generally was required to record that impairment in the previous quarter in this case would have been Q3 but under the new rules the impairment analysis is limited to information that was available as of quarter end and therefore doesn’t incorporate the actual performance of the film after the balance sheet date so that number is a Q4 number, in the past it would have been the Q3 number. 
Jay Rasulo: Alexia, just as a follow-up since you asked about Broadcast, as Bob said, the Scandal number is pretty small, but there is a little bit of headwind in the fourth quarter, because last year, we sold Castle and Wipeout in the fourth quarter to the tune of about $40 million. So, we will not see that, that revenue repeated in the fourth quarter this year. And not that it relates directly to Broadcast, but to the Media Group in general. We are making some investments. You have all heard about Fusion, our joint venture with Univision, as well as the channel we bought in Germany called Das Vierte and that will create headwinds of about $25 million for Q4. 
Jay Rasulo: On your question of ESPN affiliate revenue I think you mentioned then 6%, you were a little bit low the cable affiliate revenue for Q3 grew in high single digits ESPN of course is the biggest number and it grew a little bit higher than that but still in the high singles. 
Jay Rasulo: Okay. On the first half, I appreciate your, I will call it frustration. I didn't hear frustration in your voice, but the difficulty in quarter-to-quarter forecasting of affiliate fees and it has to do with the way we build for instance, let me give you an example. In Q2, our affiliate revenue benefited from an extra day in the billing cycle in 2012 so-called leap year and that effects the growth in that quarter more than you might imagine. Relative to giving you some insight into Q4, we are looking at high single-digit growth in terms of affiliate revenue. And I am sorry I can’t help you with all the adjustments that come in and out every quarter in terms of how that affiliate number grows. The range is pretty tight, I will tell you that, but within a couple of percentage points, it’s very hard for you guys to predict that accurately. In terms of pacing’s, I'll say this the stations are pacing down in Q4 in part due to comp issues that we have last year, we have the benefit of the Emmy's which is 3 to 4 percentage points of growth in ad revenues this year. The Emmy’s will be on CBS. We won’t have that. So, that will obviously affect and there is some more challenging political comp this year versus last year and that again is a couple of percentage points which is effecting the ad pay in that stations. 
Jay Rasulo: I will be brief on the reason for the range. We’re only opening 40% of international markets with Lone Ranger and it goes all the way out to I think Japan opened in September if I’m not mistaken. So, I think that’s the last market, so that’s the reason for the ranger. 
Jay Rasulo: I don’t know that you will see much impact in the next few quarters although I think it may be some new distributors out there that are looking to make content deals in the near term, you mentioned Intel being potentially one of them. I still believe that overall these new platforms whether they are over the top or not offer us more and new opportunities to monetize their content and our approach to them will probably be somewhat consistent with how we have approached other distributors both incumbents and new distributors. We look with an open mind towards a distributors that we believe the ability to create a viable platform in terms of their ability to us for our content but also a viable platform for the consumer one with a good interface and one that’s likely to ultimately stick in terms of distribution. So I don’t think that you’re going to see substantial change in the environment meaning distribution environment in the near term because of these but I think it's safe to say that over certainly the next five years there is going to be more than one new entrants in the marketplace. 
