Bob Iger: Hi Michael in terms of the impact of this quarter, Frozen, we saw that impact much more heavily at the Disney Store than we did broadly in the merchandize area. In fact, nine out of the 10 highest selling items at the Disney Store in the quarter were Frozen merchandise. So, it not only had great sales, but increased footfall at the store and at the stores, and they had a very, very strong result. Obviously, with the release of the DVD, I think you'll see the impact, the second part of your question, the impact on our license business with the impact we see in general, high periods like back-to-school and obviously Christmas in Q4, Q1 of next year you'll see the biggest impact. But, you know whether its music, whether it's interest in the DVD or general interest in this franchise, it will continue to be a driver we believe for some time into the future. It was not in our licensing business, obviously one of the top three franchises in terms of driving as you mentioned.
Bob Iger: This is definitely up there in terms of our top, probably five franchises. So you can expect us to take full advantage of that over the next or at least five years, I would guess. We're already taking a number of steps for instance to increase the character's presence in our Parks and developing some concepts around that. We're developing a Broadway show. We're talking about other forms of storytelling related to Frozen, whether it's publishing or interactive or the like. So I think this is going to be, given -- the passion for this film and these characters is so extraordinary, so well beyond what we ever even imagined that it would be hard to believe that it wouldn't sustain itself over a fairly long period of time. 
Bob Iger: Taking the back half of your question first Alexia, I don’t think you should look for any extraordinary costs as we continue to market the opening of Fantasyland with the Mine Coaster. I would say that and we’ve been saying that the only extraordinary cost which of course we expect to taper over time is our launch of MyMagic+, which in Q3 we launched to all day guests, in fact all guests now who visit Walt Disney World and we’re still very much in the process of communicating its benefit, and I think guests are picking up on that very quickly. In terms of the business overall, you mentioned the one week of Easter that will give us about $45 million lift in Q3. And looking forward, it’s very hard to look in a crystal ball, but we gave you to pacing on bookings and rates. You’re right that we have the price increase earlier at Walt Disney World that will continue to help us year-over-year relative to when we took that price increase last year, and we don’t have any crystal ball that we haven’t revealed to you that I want talk about any further.
Bob Iger: I don’t think it's prudent to talk in advance of -- of an event that’s over a year and a half away. I think that we are obviously very happy with the progress we're making in the construction of that project. We’re very excited about the market trends that we see in terms of the general ability of the traveling and the increase in the ability of the traveling middle-class in China, the proximate population that we feel we can market to, but I don't want to make any predictions about what will happen post opening.
Bob Iger: I'm obviously biased, Jessica, but I think the strategy of making branded movies is definitely working and I think that we really are just seeing the beginnings of it in terms of their impact on the Company, particularly since we have a fair amount of visibility about the pipeline from all of these great brands. It's clear for instance that we've continued the great success at Pixar since that acquisition and that that acquisition has had a great impact on raising the quality level and the success of the films of Disney Animation, not just with Frozen, but Tangled before, and Wreck-It Ralph and films coming up. Marvel is, as far as we're concerned is just getting started. The results of Captain America, though I think are very, very telling, because when you look at the film that is approaching almost $700 million in global box office, I think $680 million, and you compare that to Captain America 1, which did under $400 million worldwide and even look at it versus Thor movies, a few of the Iron Man movies, you're looking at a film that has actually done substantially better than a lot of the Marvel films that we put out. Now, it was a great film, but it's clear that momentum is building for that franchise and with Avengers 2 in production and coming up and characters from Avengers still very much in favor with audiences, I think there is huge potential there. In addition to that, we've got a new film, Guardians of the Galaxy coming out August 1 in the United States this summer, which we've seen, I mentioned in my comments. We feel quite good about that too. That's a whole other Marvel realm or universe in terms of where it takes place, the characters that populate it and the stories that you can tell for those characters. So, I think, I'm not going to predict that we've got another, Avengers on our hands, but that's certainly the goal. Then of course, you layer into all of this, other Disney Live movie -- motion pictures like Maleficent coming up, Cinderella, which is in final stages of production, Tomorrowland and other film we feel quite good about. The pipeline is rich there and the brand is strong and then obviously I won't forget Star Wars. We would have to be the first to admit that even we're surprised that the fervor and the level of interest, the passion for this property, we knew that it was strong when we made the acquisition. But as we've gotten into it more, we've gotten closer to it. As the film essentially starts filming, it's just amazing to us just what kind of pent-up demand there is, and we feel great about where it is creatively. We feel good about the script, we feel great about the director, we feel really good about cast and we couldn't be more excited about it. As we've mentioned on the earlier calls, we intend to make these three of the Star Wars Sagas 7, 8 and 9 at a cadence this should be roughly every other year. Then we're in development on spinoff films, which we've not gotten specific about, but we feel that we've got at least three that we're targeting to go into production. So that pipeline is going to be rich, certainly through the end of this decade. Then lastly, I know I'm getting wordy, but when you look at the world today, we actually see growth in the motion picture business that is largely due to huge growth in international markets. China being probably the biggest one, the Chinese movie market has tripled in the last four years. As the number two market in the world, we think it's going to become the number one market by 2020 and our films are doing very well in those markets, Captain America the most recent example. So there is great opportunity, there is also a lot of competition globally and we think that when you've got these brands that are well known and in demand you are in a much better position competitively than you would be without them.
Bob Iger: Well, I think Maker has established itself as a bit of a brand and what is clearly a fast-growing space of short-form video online or on mobile platforms. But as we look at Maker, we see it first and foremost as a distribution platform and a very successful one, one that not only can command more eyeballs, more consumption, but with that more advertising revenue or revenue in general. We did not believe that we had the ability in the Company near term to distribute as effectively and to sell as effectively. We also thought they had an expertise from a production and a creative perspective on creating short-form video that we didn't think was as deep as it could've been at Disney. So we bought a lot of different capabilities, but mostly distribution. As we look at it, we believe that by creating access for the Maker people to some of our big brands and characters and storytelling, Star Wars would be a perfect example of that, Marvel, another one, that we can actually allow the Maker people to substantially improve the distribution or the reach of short-form video using these characters and stories, but also add their expertise on the production side. They also have great access to data and algorithms that you wouldn't have unless you had volume. It will take a long time to build the kind of technological expertise in that regard to essentially maximize the potential of a video online. They've got all that. So, we look at this as a great opportunity, both for Maker and for Disney, Maker using our IP, Disney using their expertise to distribute our product much more effectively. The other thing I want to add is, this is also potentially a great marketing opportunity for the Company. More and more, we're taking advantage of short form video and distribution for marketing messages for our movies, our theme Parks and our television shows. You can see the marketplace with a fair amount of it, but getting maximum traction from the distribution perspective takes a lot of expertise and a lot of experience and they've got that. So we think there is a huge marketing opportunity for this Company.
Bob Iger: Yes, I feel it as complementary. I mean, you're throwing a lot of different concepts into the mix there. Maker versus the -- Maker and the streaming video, it's possible through the new DISH deal. Now in the Maker front, we think short-form is a front tier opportunity for us, meaning huge growth in consumption. We'd like to take advantage of that growth by essentially generating more revenue and more consumption of our product, not just for marketing messages, I mentioned a few minutes ago. So we really believe in essentially growth in entertainment on new media platforms, short-form and long-form too. If you look at what we did with Disney Movies -- the DMA product, Disney Movies Anywhere that we launched recently is another example of that. We think that you're going to see continued growth of consumption of media, entertainment in particular on mobile platforms, smartphones and tablets. We feel we need to be present in that space. On the DISH side, I mean that’s a completely different story. The bet that’s being made there by us and by DISH is that that product has the ability to attract people who may not have already signed up for multichannel service and getting them to sign up for something instead of nothing, we believe would be a real value to us. There is I guess an example of something that is very complementary to you call the pay-TV model. The same is we’ve been doing with the WATCH apps that we’ve been pretty aggressive with, a complementary product to make the pay-TV model more attractive for subscribers. 
Bob Iger: First of all, ABC is still profitable. As we look at the year that they’ve had. We look at first of all the C3 rating, 18 to 49 because that’s the primary driver of revenue. Because the network -- ABC has very little sports, some of it provided by ESPN, but less than certainly some of the other networks. We tend to look at non-sports programming, as we see it -- we're down high single-digits in the C-3 18 to 49 number exports for this season, little bit more than that for the quarter that we just reported. The name of the game obviously is strengthening our programming, which is what ABC is just in the middle of with a lineup of pilots that have just been screened and decisions that are being made this week to populate the schedule for the fall is our hope that we will reverse the tide of some of that ratings erosion, it better shows on the air, quite frankly, and that's what the mission is. In addition to strengthening programming and raising ratings and hopefully revenues, the marketplace cooperates, the goal is also to own a substantial amount of that programming. And in today's world, that can create huge value for the owner of that property. As we've seen in many, many different cases, both with our programming and programming that is created by others, thanks to obviously many new entrants in the marketplace, Netflix and Hulu, among them. So we're still viewing this business as a profit generating business and a business that can generate a substantial or acceptable returns on invested capital for the Company.
Bob Iger: The question about Shanghai and CapEx, we always anticipated expanding that Park. In fact, the property that we've allocated -- that's been allocated for the project provides ample opportunity for expansion. As I said last week or early this week and as we indicated earlier today, what we're doing year after basically seeing some rather dramatic changes in the marketplace that we believe were positive is that we're accelerating investment, the $800 million which is what we announced we were accelerating it by is obviously shared with our partners, the Shanghai government. So, its impact from a capital expense perspective is relatively modest for us. As is our hope that with this expansion, which increases capacity, that most of it will be available to us at opening, puts a little more pressure on us because we're essentially building something that is bigger, but that is certainly the goal. Then you can expect in success, which we have every reason to believe will occur that there will be continued investment in this Park because of the size of the property and the size of the market, most populous city in the most populous country in the world, which is we've said a few times, 330 million people that we believe are potential Park guests living within a 3.5 hour trip. It's pretty compelling circumstance or opportunity for us and our partners and probably will deserve an infusion of more capital investment because we think the returns are going to be rather significant for us from this project.
Bob Iger: Well, we've learned a lot from Hong Kong. Actually the problem that we had was a good problem to have and that demand was greater than we had expected initially. This is a different circumstance in many respects, but it doesn't mean that some of the learnings that we glean from Hong Kong can't be applied, and we are doing that and we have every reason to believe we're going to continue to do that. So I guess that's a way of my saying that we have -- as we've looked at this market, since we made the decision to build, since we broke ground and we've seen further development, more development than we expected, we clearly are reacting to what we believe will be greater demand than we initially anticipated for the Park in its first -- a year of operation or its early years of operation. We want to make sure that we build enough capacity to meet that demand. There are other things we’re going to Resort to, to manage expectations in terms of visitation. For instance, it’s likely that when we go to the market selling tickets there will be tickets that are date specific tickets, so that we can manage in effect, traffic or visitation much more carefully than you would if you just sold tickets and didn’t have a date, and had no idea when the people who bought the tickets were going to show up. So, we’re going to apply a number of things that we've learned over the years both from Hong Kong and other Parks, in how we -- what we build, how much we build, and how we operate.
Bob Iger: It’s DISH’s responsibility to get critical mass from a program perspective. I saw Charlie Ergen last week and he is doing just that. I’m not going to give you an update on how he’s doing, but it’s their responsibility. We don’t intend to participate in that pursuit at all. We’d like to see this product rolled into the marketplace because we think it's a smart thing for us to do, something that we should certainly try is a critical, no, but it's certainly critical that it gets critical mass from a programmer’s perspective in order to bring it to market. And the second part of your question...
Bob Iger: I'm sorry, yes, yes, yes. We're open to selling it to others, but we have not engaged in any of those discussions yet. 
Bob Iger: What we've typically seen is that it drives more traffic to the region. Basically business goes up in Orlando or Central Florida. So we don't necessarily view it as negative for us because it really drives more people to the area. We not only have great product, but we have new product too. Fantasyland is the most recent example of that. As you know, we're developing Avatar for that Park, looking at a variety of other things to add in Orlando, opening up a hotel. Four Seasons is opening up this summer, for instance. So there'd be plenty more that we'd put into the marketplace that will take advantage of any growth the marketplace has. 
Bob Iger: Okay, thanks Mike, and thanks again everyone for joining us today. Note that a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures that we'll refer to on this call with equivalent to GAAP measures can be found on our Investor Relations website. Let me also remind you that certain statements on this call may constitute forward-looking statements under securities laws. We make these statements on the basis of our views and assumptions regarding future events and business performance at the time we make them and we do not undertake any obligation to update these statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from the results expressed or implied in light of a variety of factors including factors contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This concludes today's call. Have a good afternoon, everyone. 
Jay Rasulo: In terms of your second question on FastPass+ and MyMagic+ in general. In my opening remarks, I talked about what's happening, I want to emphasize that whatever I say about both of these new products that we are in very, very early days and we have to sort of calibrate what our findings have been by the fact that we're only a few months in. But what we have found and, of course, capacity increases only really matter in our peak days and weeks. But because of FastPass+ the ability to basically plan your day as it relates the top attractions in the Park in advance. Has had huge pickup by our guests. It allows a better distribution of guests around the Park, and quite often the amount of capacity we can let into the Park is highly driven by pinch points, in particular areas of the Park that we don't want to get to overcrowded. So when guests are better distributed around the Park, we can often allow more in. I don’t want to get into the specific numbers, it is in the thousands. But I don’t want to get into the details about what that might ultimately mean financially. But we know that from a guest experience when you're down at Walt Disney World on peak days for Easter, Christmas, typically, some weeks in the summer, it is a huge enhancement in your experience when you can go to the Park you want to go to, on the day you want to and not fear that it’s going to be closed out. So we see this is all great stuff. Again, very early in the process, but we’re very, very encouraged across all the variables that we had hoped to achieve with MyMagic+ and FastPass+. 
Jay Rasulo: Yes. You know we've said from the outset and I said to many of you at the Investor Day that we always expected those programming cost to be back-loaded in the second half of the year. It is simply related to the calendar of sports right as they role in. I ticked a couple of them off. I guess I'll do it again, Major League Baseball being one, the new NFL contract, which kicks-in in Q4 of '14 and we've got the World Cup this year in the third and fourth quarters. Those are the biggest drivers. There is also some college football in there. Lastly as I had mentioned before the launch of the SEC Network, so that is what is driving the somewhat back-loaded nature of our increase in costs for the year.
Jay Rasulo: You may remember, actually Todd I'm not sure you were following our Company then, but when we announced the expansion of Disney California Adventure, we said that we believe that the returns would be attractive i.e., above our cost of capital at that time. In fact, so far, and, of course, returns in the Parks business are based over the long-term, but so far we have been absolutely thrilled with the results of that investment that we put in place and to a large extent on some variables meeting and others exceeding our expectations for what that investment could bring. So we still are very, very bullish that the returns that you and we are both going to feel very good about those returns. Although, I'm sorry, I'm not going to share the explicit numbers with you, but when I say please, I certainly mean above our cost of capital. Similarly for Walt Disney World, the expansion there, we don't take on projects that we don't believe will exceed our hurdle rate and the signs are absolutely go forward great on Walt Disney World. Bob talked earlier about the world's interest in Frozen. That is very focused on Anna and Elsa. You remember that the expansion of Fantasyland was very focused around Princess meet and greets and we can only expect great things there. You've seen the numbers quarter-after-quarter at Walt Disney World, including the last quarter where we've been able to price behind these investments and still feel very strong about our volume going forward. So we feel very good about it, I wish I could be more forthcoming with the numbers, but as I say they will work themselves out or payback over time, all signals so far are very strong.
Jay Rasulo: Well, the China situation because it's a shared investment, is a little more complicated situation. First, we don't like to take on projects that are on a total ownership basis, don't have returns that we would like to see for our investors. But remember we have a much more limited investment and the flows are complicated between our partners and ourselves. So we also look at the return to Disney's investment in that. In both cases, we feel very good about it. We do risk adjust our hurdles rates in general. I don't want to get into the details of that, but I think you know that most companies based on relative inflation rates and other risk factors adjust international hurdle rates appropriately and we do as well.
Jay Rasulo: Okay Anthony, let me take the first half of that, which was the ESPN ad sales. Obviously when we spoke to you all last quarter, we gave you what our pacings were, that was a fact. I think that what happened in the quarter -- there are couple of complicating factors that are not typical of any quarter for ESPN. First, you know, every four years we have the perturbation in the sports market of the Winter Olympics or the Summer Olympics in the other years, it's very hard to predict what the impact of that is going to be. We took a guess at it, the impact turned out to be a little more than we thought. We also -- when you're broadcasting live sports, the match ups and the cities involved in the matchups announce speak specifically about the NBA, have something to do with the ads, you sell behind them. Whether it's Los Angeles, New York, or Boston three very big markets for basketball are not involved in the NBA post-season. So they affect our ratings. We already mentioned that we thought the ad market was a little bit soft and look I don't think this is a permanent situation. We've seen it this quarter. I don't expect it to be a long-term phenomenon.
Jay Rasulo: On your question on the CapEx. So I want to first of all what Bob just talked about, what you asked about, is really a '15 and '16 event. It won't affect our capital expenditures in '14. In fact previously, what I had told all of you was that, we expected our CapEx in '14 to be $1 billion higher than it was in '13, and when adjusted for the Shanghai partner’s contribution, it would be $600 million higher. In fact, I want to update that, I think our CapEx in 2014 will actually be $800 million higher not $1 billion, and $400 million not $600 million on an adjusted basis after the contribution from Shanghai. And that simply has to do with the timing. Obviously when you put a big project in place, you have all kinds of planning and you map against how that money will be spent. It's slightly different, in fact it's slower. It's a little bit slower, which means that spending will be out in '15 and '16. 
Jay Rasulo: Yes, we are Jason. Those are being added in. Look they’re not day-for-day obviously. We extend the capital, there is a process by which our partner reimburses the share of the spending, but it is lockstep is not delayed.
