Robert A. Iger: We've not had conversations with our distributors. As we enter a new round of distribution negotiations, we have all the confidence in the world and our ability to strike deals that are favorable to the company, given the strength of the product that we offer, particularly the strength of the brands. If you look very specifically at ESPN, we still see it as a must-have service for the multichannel providers because of the array of product that ESPN has licensed, and what they produce is original programming for the service. We have seen, as I think that many of you have, a pretty interesting and dramatic increase in, I'll call it, app-based media consumption. Much of it is on over-the-top direct-to-consumer services. And in our 33% investment in BAM a year ago, we got a real good perspective – or gained a good perspective on just how strong and high quality that product is and felt that, given the trends we're seeing in the marketplace, given the strength of the ESPN brand, and given how robust this platform is, it gave us an opportunity to really take advantage of all of this, the combination of all these things. And so we accelerated our right to buy control of the service, basically so that we can have even more control of our own destiny, but it's also something that the partners of BAMTech, notably Major League Baseball and National Hockey League concurred with. And so this gives us the ability to launch a new service, one that we've been talking about, but it will be even more robust than the one we anticipated. In the first year of operation, it should offer consumers approximately 10,000 additional live sporting events over what ESPN offers on its linear networks. This is a combination of the contribution of the partners, as well as what BAMTech has licensed, as well as what ESPN will provide and has also licensed to BAMTech. We're creating a one-app experience so that from a consumer perspective there's a real ease-of-use and ease-of-navigation, so that you can as an ESPN fan, you can use – go to one app, look at scores and highlights as you know the ESPN provides, authenticate it to watch the linear networks or buy up or buy an additional amount of live sports programming basically in the same experience on the same service. That's essentially it. It does give us optionality in the future. If we see changes in the distribution model, if we see either greater erosion or bigger opportunity to migrate the linear networks to a more direct-to-consumer proposition, we certainly have the technology to do it, and it can be done under relatively seamless circumstances. But we're not currently anticipating doing that as we launch this new app.
Robert A. Iger: Well, one of the beauties of the Disney brand is just how global it is and how strong the fan base of Disney is globally. Interestingly enough, Netflix did not have global rights to our Disney movies. They bought opportunistically in certain markets. So what we see doing on the Disney front is we will take our Disney-branded, Pixar-branded movies that had been part of the Netflix paying agreement starting with the calendar 2019 slate – by the way, that will include Lion King, Frozen 2, and Toy Story, among others. We'll migrate those, in effect pay window Disney Pixar movies, to a subscription Disney-branded service. We'll also tap into a vast library of movies and television shows that have been made by the company, the Channel and the Studio over the years, and we'll invest significantly in original movies and television shows exclusively for this subscription service. We'll also rollout the service in multiple markets outside the United States, but it will vary from market to market based on existing distribution agreements and different market dynamics. But I think you have to think about a Disney branded direct-to-consumer subscription service as a global product, even though we are being more specific today about launching a domestic product in the latter part of 2019.
Robert A. Iger: Well, what we're saying specifically is that the Disney-branded app will have the Disney and Pixar films. The disposition of the Marvel and Lucas or Star Wars films, we have not determined yet. We've had a discussion internally about how best to bring them to the consumer. It's possible we'll continue to license them to pay-service like Netflix, but it's premature to say exactly what we will do. We certainly have that opportunity. There's been talk about launching a proprietary Marvel service and Star Wars service, but we're mindful of the volume of product that would go into those services, and we want to be careful about that. We've also thought about including Marvel and Star Wars as part of the Disney-branded service, but there where we want to be mindful of the Star Wars fan and the Marvel fan and to what extent those fans are either overlapped with Disney fans or they're completely basically separate or incremental to Disney fans. So it's all in discussion. But we will say is that Disney Pixar will definitely part of this and not be part of any other pay window distributor in the United States. And disposition of Marvel and Star Wars we'll announce at a later date when we've determined what to do.
Robert A. Iger: Well, we don't intend to migrate product off the primary linear services. We've already licensed product to BAM that ESPN had licensed from third parties, and we will increase the amount of ESPN product that will be part of this service, particularly a lot of college sports. We're not getting specific yet about exactly what will come from where, but I did mention 10,000 live events. That is basically the estimate that we've got based on the inventory that we've taken on how many sporting events will be available through this very specific subscription service. Let me take a step back for a minute, just to give you a little bit of perspective about BAM too. What impressed us about BAM was, first of all, it's the most robust live streaming platform out there. When you think about live sports and how much a sporting event live is consumed basically concurrently by the masses, you need a very, very robust technology platform to serve that. BAM is the only one out there that has that. In addition, they have great essentially customer management systems and technology. That's everything from onboarding and retention to credit card management to password management. They also have good ad technology. Think about the opportunities in terms of dynamic ad insertion as a for instance. And they basically have very, very strong data management as well and the ability for us to mine user data so that we can get greater customization and personalization. So this is something, when we talk about the current ESPN app, while that app is a very robust app, it didn't have nearly the robust amount of product on it that I just described that enabled us to do the kind of things that we want to do. So as you think about the app going forward, you think about one app, it looks pretty similar to the app that you've got now, except it can do a lot more, all the things that I just described. You can use it as an authenticated subscriber of a multichannel service, which basically gives you access to the direct, to the streams of the ESPN channels, or you can buy up or buy additional sports products through the subscription, but again, it's the same seamless experience. And there'll be upsell opportunities for us as well. So you'll watch a highlight, if you want to buy maybe part of a game that's going on live, if you want to buy that game, you'll be able to buy it directly through the app or subscribe to the service directly through the app. It's basically a one-stop shopping for the consumer and it's one-stop shopping for us in terms of our ability to manage the consumer that wants to consume sports through ESPN.
Robert A. Iger: I'm not going to comment specifically about the agreements. There are elements to the agreement that – well, first of all, if we wanted to take ESPN direct, we could. There are elements to the distribution agreements that we have that would cause us to if we were to bring the service direct to the consumer or create some – I'll call them sub-optimal circumstances for us. I'm not going to get into detail about that. If we were to create a direct-to-consumer app that had the linear services, just as Netflix is distributed by multichannel servers out there or product out there, we would give our distributors an opportunity to distribute our app and other third parties as well.
Robert A. Iger: I think you're kind of leading the witness a little bit there. I'm not going to comment on our pricing today or our potential pricing power going forward. The ESPN brand is still very strong. If you look at the array of sports that ESPN has licensed, whether it's major sports from the NFL to the NBA to Major League Baseball to all the college packages or the great tennis that we have, it's a very high-quality service that I think is very much in demand from consumers. It obviously has suffered a bit from the overall impact of digital technology and new forms of media consumption on the ecosystem. One of the reasons that we're doing this is because of the trends that we're seeing. But another reason that we're doing it is because of the strength of the brand and the opportunity that this technology and the consumer trends that the technology has created are providing. It's not just a defensive move, it's an offensive move.
Robert A. Iger: We're creating basically a management team that BAM will report to. Well actually, we're creating a board because we'll have a couple of outside owners. I will be Chairman of that board, and we'll manage essentially the technology platform that is BAM. ESPN will control in effect its own destiny in terms of what's called programming of the app and the disposition of sports rights, et cetera, and so on. And then we will create a team that will manage the Disney side, too. But the Studio, the Disney Channel team and our Interactive team will all create products specifically for that Disney-branded subscription product. And I'll be directly involved on both sides.
Robert A. Iger: Yes. What we're going to be doing – I think you have to look at it a different way, but it's a good question. We are going to be using our capital, increase – and it will represent increased spending that we hope to get a little bit more specific about either in the next earnings call or sometime at a later date when we have a little bit more visibility. But we've already begun the development process at the Disney Channel and at the Studio to create original TV series and original movies for this service. So if the Studio makes, let's call it, roughly 10 films a year or distributes 10 films a year – that includes Marvel and Pixar and Star Wars and Disney-branded and Disney Animation. We've commissioned them to make, to produce more films with the incremental films being produced very, very specifically and very exclusively for this service. So this will represent a larger investment in Disney-branded intellectual property, both TV and movies.
Robert A. Iger: There is no change from our side. I can't speak for them, but we've had a great relationship with them. We made a decision some years back to license them the Studio output deal. They paid us well for that, and they did well as well. It represented real anchor programming for Netflix before they had an opportunity to ramp up their own original production, which they've obviously done aggressively and quite successfully. The Marvel relationship is a perfect example of how well we've done with them in terms of creating original product. That's been very mutually beneficial. It's done well for them. They leveraged the strength of the Marvel brand, and it's done well for us as we mined our IP and obviously made money from it. They've also licensed a number of ABC shows. We hope they'll continue to do that. This doesn't represent a change except on the Disney Pixar side, and as I cited earlier, possibly on the output deal for Marvel and Star Wars films, which we're still discussing and debating.
Robert A. Iger: I'm still trying to get, figure out who's the peer and who's the competitor. We've kicked around a number of scenarios here, and frankly, the discussion that we've had isn't something that we necessarily want to disclose to the outside world. Frankly, I'm not sure that this step is going to make much of a difference in terms of the, we'll call it, the disposition of the health of the multichannel ecosystem. I think there are forces, whether they're technological in nature or sociological or economic in nature, out there that are changing the way media is consumed in general, and I don't think this is either going to hasten them or exacerbate things in any way. What it does do, though, is a couple of things. First of all, it gives us the ability to leverage the strength of our brands, which a lot of our peers and competitors do not have. Secondly, it gives us what we'd call optionality. It's a word I've not used very much in my life, but it gives us the flexibility, really, to move our product to the consumer in many new ways, ways that we've not been able to do before, because of just how strong this platform is that we bought control of. We are very excited about that. We think it sets this company up well no matter what changes occur in the media ecosystem. I think if there's a headline, it would be one Disney leveraging its brands to take advantage of technological and consumer trends, and giving us flexibility if there is major shifts or continuing changes that occur in the marketplace, which, right now, no one else has.
Robert A. Iger: And to the second part of your question, this acquisition and the subsequent launching of the service gives us, yet, another way to reach consumers, fairly-compelling way. In effect, an incremental way to monetize sports rights. With that, we have, we think, more of an opportunity to license sports rights for this service. Just as BAMTech has been in the market licensing sports for its subscription service, we'll continue to do that under us.
Robert A. Iger: Okay. Well, multiple questions. First of all, you mentioned something about a pay window. We're not planning to put our movie, to use this service to encroach on a theatrical window, if that's what you're asking.
Robert A. Iger: We've definitely had some ratings challenges at ABC. So while the scatter marketplace as Christine noted, has been relatively strong. We, obviously, haven't taken advantage of the marketplace as much as we could have because of our ratings issues. So, I think, the first thing is it's got to change as we've got to have better performance. There's a whole other side to monetization which you alluded to. We've had some great, for instance, great consumption of our product in the C3, C7 window, and we would hope that particularly C7, who knows whether we'll ever monetize beyond that, would improve in terms of our ability to monetize. We also know that the entire, I'll call it traditional TV ecosystem, is disadvantaged in terms of sale of advertising because of our lack of access to consumer data. And that's something that we've got to improve. We've had – for instance on the ESPN front, we've had some really good success by monetizing ESPN out-of-home and also some success monetizing what we've been doing on the WatchESPN app, or streaming. The technology that we're gaining through Bam gives the ability to improve that significantly, significantly. How we leverage it to the ABC business, I'm not 100% sure at this point, but I think I've answered your question at least best I could. There are a variety of dynamics at stake in terms of why monetization of the ABC side isn't as strong as it could be, though.
Robert A. Iger: We've given it a lot of thought but it's premature for us to make any announcements, frankly, because we're still considering a number of different factors, some, by the way, that you cited. Clearly, this is a real priority for us as a company in terms of getting it right. Not just getting it right from a program perspective, meaning the product itself. Getting it right from a user interface perspective, which BAMTech will obviously, provide us with, but also getting it right in terms of pricing and distribution. What we're going to go for here is significant distribution because we believe one way to be successful in the long run is for both of these services to reach a maximum number of people. That shouldn't suggest a huge discount on what we might be able to charge, but it should suggest at least initially a very reasonable approach to our pricing. We don't necessarily enter this with a notion that we're going to cannibalize our existing businesses significantly, but we have had a discussion about whether our pricing strategy can have an impact one way or the other on that. And again, because we haven't named a price for these yet, we haven't determined it. We have ranges here, obviously, because we've done some modeling. I think when we do, we'll give you the benefit of our thinking and exactly what it is we're trying to accomplish, but I think you have to look at both of these as huge priorities for the company. This is, what I would characterize as an extremely important, very, very significant strategic shift for us. We talked a lot about trends about direct-to-consumer, particularly intellectual property, creators, and owners having the ability to reach consumers directly. When you have a strong fan base like Disney has, or ESPN, that creates all forms of other opportunities in terms of tapping into customer passion for the brand and connection to the customer. Again, I'm going to put this at the top of our list in terms of company strategic priorities over the next number of years.
Robert A. Iger: On the Shanghai front, when we opened the park we were confident that we had built a great product, but we didn't know exactly how the market would react. And now over a year of operation, the market has reacted really well. To begin with, I mentioned earlier on the call we had 13 million visitors so far. Secondly, guest satisfaction is extremely high. Length of stay is a couple of hours longer per stay or per visit than we had anticipated, and about two-thirds of our visitation is coming from outside the Shanghai area. So as I've said before, this is basically a national tourist destination. So it is a very, very well-received product in China, and the nice news is, of course, that we have plenty of opportunity for expansion. And in fact, some of the expansion in construction is already underway, and Toy Story Land is going to open up next year. In terms of the specific impact to the bottom line, obviously when you have attendance at the level that we have, that, obviously, is a reason why the profitability is higher. We've had extremely high occupancy in our hotels. On the merch side and the food and beverage side a little bit less than we had expected, but not appreciably. And so the overall effect of great guest satisfaction and substantially greater visitation is an operation that in its first 14 months of service is more profitable than we anticipated.
Robert A. Iger: I don't want to sound impertinent, I can't give you much guidance there. I can only say that you have to look at, first of all our – I'll call it our product cycle. With a slate of Marvel films that goes well into the next decade, and the same with the Star Wars front – on the Star Wars front and probably the strongest slate of Disney films that we've ever had in development, you have to consider the options from a revenue-generating perspective that that provides us in multiple windows, in multiple ways, whether it is licensed to third parties in a variety of forms or whether it's proprietary on our services, meaning subscription, et cetera, and so on. I also think you have to consider global trends in the direction of, as I said earlier, app based media consumption, over direct-to-consumer OTT services, which gives us the ability to improve our fortunes in terms of how we monetize the great IP and the strong brands that we have, whether it's in increased advertising revenue, whether it's in the, basically the value creation proposition of knowing the consumer better and mining data more effectively; whether it's in basically creating stronger bonds or stronger brand affinity. We've got this unbelievably passionate base of Disney consumers worldwide, and virtually all of our businesses except theme parks, we've never had the opportunity to even connect with them directly and know who they are. And it's high-time that we got into the business, particularly with the technology available to us, to accomplish that. Once we do, and this gives us the ability to do it, then I think the monetization possibilities are extraordinary for this company. There will be some sacrifices. Obviously, as you move product from, I'll call it, a licensed to third-party model to a self-distributed model, you're foregoing the licensing revenue that you'll get for whatever revenues you generate by all the things that I just described. We believe that ultimately, I can't give you an idea of when or how long, the profitability, the revenue-generating capability of this initiative is substantially greater than the business models that we're currently being served by.
Christine M. McCarthy: No. That is a net number, Alexia, and there were additional digital MVPDs this quarter that helped that number.
Christine M. McCarthy: Sure. Thanks, Omar. If you're talking about dilution as it relates to the acquisition of BAMTech, what we've said so far is that it will be modest for the next couple of years. We may get more specific on that when we come back at our year-end conference call in November, but, right now, we're just going to leave it as modestly dilutive. You've also asked about the investment that we'll be making in this new offering and how that would impact 2018. I think what you were asking is would it impact 2018 earnings, and the answer is there will be additional investment. We've not yet fully concluded what that is and the sequencing and timing of that spend. There'll also be content, as well as investment spending for technology, so the combination of those is something that we'll be prepared to speak with you more specifically later this year.
Christine M. McCarthy: Okay. Steve. I'll take the parks margin question. You are seeing nice margins. There has been consistent improvement on a quarterly basis. What you saw this quarter was the contribution of our International park operations kicking in, both Shanghai as well as Disneyland Paris. So, I think it's fair to assume that the management of the Parks segment is very committed to driving improvement in margin, and when you look at the investments we're making and the cadence with which we have of new attractions opening over the next couple of years, we expect those margins to stay strong and hopefully stay on the trajectory they're on now.
Todd Michael Juenger: Oh, hi. Thanks. Probably no surprise following along similar themes. A quickie and then a bigger one. So the quickie, just to confirm, I think this is probably clear. I just would love to confirm it with your relationship with Netflix. So other than the specific output that you identified from Disney and Pixar, and then we talked about Marvel and Lucasfilm, all the other relationships you have with Netflix in terms of licensed ABC content and kids content and original content for Netflix, is it safe to assume that you intend to continue partnering with them and doing work with them as makes sense over the future? Or is there any change to that? And I do have a follow-up. Thanks.
Todd Michael Juenger: Okay. Fair enough. The follow-up – I'm struggling with how exactly to phrase this, but I'll do my best. When you think about a major strategic shift that you've announced in terms of your distribution, obviously your peers and competitors will be expected to react and respond as well. And so I know you won't comment on what you expect them to do, but I'm sure you've thought through the different scenarios that this could play out and the reactions ripple through the industry. I guess the specific best way I can phrase the question is a specific concern that many people have is if this causes more of your peers and competitors to go direct themselves, that you could imagine a non-sports better quality direct offering coming to be in some way that would perhaps be appealing to lots of households who maybe don't care about sports. And maybe that would be bad for ESPN. Any new thinking? Have you thought through the pros and cons of that? Would love your thoughts on those types of scenarios. Thanks.
Todd Michael Juenger: All right. Welcome to the club of people who use the word optionality. Thanks a lot for your thoughts, Bob.
