Lowell Singer: Good afternoon, and welcome to The Walt Disney Company's second quarter 2021 earnings call. Our press release was issued about 25 minutes ago and is available on our website at www.disney.com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast and a transcript will be available on our website. We are once again hosting today’s call remotely. So joining me remotely are Bob Chapek, Disney's Chief Executive Officer; and Christine McCarthy, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Bob and Christine, we'll be happy to your questions. So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob, and we well get started.
Lowell Singer: Okay. Thanks, Christine. And as we transition to the Q&A, let me note once again that since we are not all physically together this afternoon, I will do my best to moderate by directing your questions to the appropriate executive. And with that, operator, we are ready for the first question.
Lowell Singer: Okay, Ben. Thanks for the questions. Bob will take the first one on price response, and then Christine will take the cash flow question.
Lowell Singer: Thanks, Jessica. So, Bob, why don't you take the parks questions? And then if you want to start on the Disney+ question, Christine, may want to jump in at the end.
Lowell Singer: Okay. Kannan, thanks. Bob, I'll hand the sports question to you and then Christine, you can talk a little bit about IPL impact on subs.
Lowell Singer: Brett, thanks for the question. And thanks again, everyone for joining us today. Note that a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures that were referred to on this call to equivalent GAAP measures can be found on our Investor Relations website. Let me also remind you that certain statements on this call including financial estimates, or statements about our plans, expectations, beliefs, or business prospects, and other statements that are not historical in nature may constitute forward-looking statements under the securities laws. We make these statements on the basis of our views and assumptions regarding future events and business performance at the time we make them. And we do not undertake any obligation to update these statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties and actual results may differ materially from the results expressed or implied in light of a variety of factors, including factors contained in our annual report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This concludes today's call. I wish everyone a very pleasant good evening. Thanks.
Bob Chapek: All right. Of course, these were our first price increase since we launched. I have to say that we're extremely pleased with how the market reacted to both. In the U.S., we've not observed any significantly higher churn rate since the price increased in EMEA. As we added Star as a six-brand title, we've actually seen an improvement in our churn rate. So we seem to be fairly resilient to those price increases. And as such, I think it makes us feel relatively bullish going forward that we still offer a tremendous price value relationship across the world for Disney+.
Bob Chapek: Yes, I'll take them both. So on the first one, in terms of the drivers for sub growth going forward, we really see four different elements. First of all, is our content slate. As you know, we're spending a lot of money across our variety of franchises in order to create the content that's going to keep consumers coming back and keep not only our sub number growing, but also our engagement growing across all of our platforms. So the first one is content slate. The second one is our general entertainment international growth driven by our Star brand. And we think that's going to continue to fuel growth for international territories as well as Disney+. The third one is continued market expansion in markets where Disney+ has not yet been launched. And as you see, we're announcing in Malaysia today as June 1, and Thailand as June 30. So market expansion will continue to be a piece of it. But one thing that continues to impress us is the opportunity to have the bundle in the U.S be even larger. All the metrics that we see, all the performance factors are extraordinarily positive for that. So I would say those are the four components that continue to drive us and our bullishness in terms of our ability to continue to project that we're going to hit between 230 million and 260 million subs by the end of 2024. In terms of the parks, and when we're going to sort of be able to raise our capacity limits, we've actually already started that, given the guidance that just came today from the CDC, and earlier guidance that we got from the Governor of Florida, we've already started to increase our capacities. Those - obviously, today's guidance that we got from the CDC in terms of those that were vaccinated do not necessarily need to wear masks anymore, both outdoors and indoors, is very big news for us. Particularly, if anybody's been in Florida in the middle of summer with a mask on, that could be quite daunting. So we think that's going to make for an even more pleasant experience. And we believe that as we're now bringing back a lot of people back to work, that it's going to be an even bigger catalyst for growth in attendance. And we've been quite pleased to date. So I think you're going to see an immediate increase in the number of folks that were able to admit into our parks through our reservation systems that we recently implemented. So we're very, very excited about that.
Bob Chapek: Okay, I'll take the first one. In terms of the additions, we've really seen it across our geographies. When you look at it from a mature versus new, every single market that we've launched in has exceeded our expectations so far in terms of the new. But in terms of mature, keep in mind that we added 30 million households in the first six months of the fiscal year, which is in line with our expectations, and domestic continues to contribute to that. The addition of the Marvel content and not only the Marvel content, but how strong it's been and the cadence of additions, and as you know, we'll soon be announcing our -- soon be launching Loki. That is a tremendous catalyst for growth for us. And in the future, as we get to more new content and serial content coming from Star Wars, we're really, really encouraged by what that's going to mean in terms of engagement, because as you know, engagement is sort of the precursor for net sub adds. And so we're very pleased with both our domestic as well as our, let's call, more mature markets, those that we've been in the marketplace for at least a year, but also our new markets as well.
Bob Chapek: Okay. So in terms of the parks demand domestically, our intent to visit at Walt Disney World is growing and is actually already flat with '19, which is obviously our last pre-COVID year. So that's really good news for us. And since we've opened up Disneyland Resort, intent to visit is actually growing as well. So we're thrilled with the guests response to that. So as capacity limits increased, we don't think we're going to have any problem at all, sort of increasing our attendance to match that capacity, that is not something that keeps any of us up at night. In terms of our yield management, as you know, we've been practicing yield management for a while. And it's really become an art form with this extraordinarily limited capacities that we've been operating yet. But you've seen the margins very healthy, our yield is growing up. From a very healthy standpoint, consumers are spending more, and we're doing it under some tremendous cost management parameters, because everything's become automated. And so we've sort of got the perfect positive storm, if you will, where we've got plenty of demand, we've got really great yield management gains and the cost management at the same time. And in terms of labor, we've had about 80% of our cast members return that we've asked to return. And obviously one of the gating factors for us to continue to increase capacity is to continue to get a more and more cast members back, it thrills us to be able to do that. But we've had no problems whatsoever in terms of trying to get our cast to come back and make some magic for our guests.
Bob Chapek: Okay. In terms of park, and in terms of the relative profitability, as you know, we have -- there's a lot of negative impacts, of course, with COVID. But one of the things that it gave us a chance to do as we were forced to stop operation was to completely reexamine how we priced and programmed our tickets. And as you all know, we ended our current annual pass program at Disneyland. And that gives us a chance to sort of create a modern version of a park loyalty program and affinity program that isn't necessarily governed by legacy. And as you know the net contribution back to the company varies tremendously, and was one of the levers that we use to grow yield over the past several years, depending on what type of ticketing structure a particular guest came in. With the ability now for us to sort of completely reconsider how we go about our loyalty programs and our frequent visitor programs, we have the chance to make even more advancements, not only in terms of the guest experience and make sure that guests have a tremendous experience, no matter what day of the year they come, whether it's a high demand day, or a relatively low demand day, but also the ability to increase our per caps and our yields. And we've already seen tremendous growth in those as you're seeing over the last couple quarters. But I don't think we've even scratched the surface in terms of what we can do when we finally restart with some of our programs, in terms of making sure again, that not only do we improve the guest experience, but at the same time get an adequate return to our shareholders for the type of experience that we do give to our guests. So very positive on those factors. In terms of the ability to simulcast with ESPN+ and ESPN and ABC, that's actually been envisioned in the deals and we've gotten a lot of flexibility, not only in terms of our ability to take our programming to our DTC platforms, and things like Hulu and ABC. So that's actually been envisioned and we plan on being fairly aggressive in that way. I think that one of the advantages of The Walt Disney Company in sports is that we've got so many ways to reach our consumer base. And I think the league's understand that and we certainly do as well, and I think our guests do as well.
Bob Chapek: We've talked a lot about -- excuse me, we talked a lot about flexibility when it comes to pivoting between linear and more traditional legacy platforms, and our digital rights direct-to-consumer platforms. And the reason we want that flexibility is because we know things are going to change. And as we've always said, when the right time comes for us to make a step function increase, as we've done with our entertainment platforms to our sports platforms and it's accretive to our shareholder proposition, we'll go ahead and do that. Our longer-term vision is to parallel path both ESPN and ESPN+, but if there's any indication of where we're going with this, I think our recent deals and the flexibility that we've negotiated in to go to these direct-to-consumer platforms and specifically ESPN+ or whatever follows ESPN+ in terms of the direct-to-consumer platform, I think that's 100% indicative of our bullishness of not only our capability of doing that, but the viability of doing that.
Bob Chapek: Yes, thank you. In terms of the sports rights, we've just recently closed MLB, La Liga, NFL, NHL. So we certainly as you have suggested have a full complement of sports to please almost anybody. And you take that in addition to the NBA rights that we have and yes, we're -- we've got a full house there. In terms of our appetite for going further, in terms of what's really left, there's not much, you mentioned Sunday ticket and that's something that we're in conversations with and we're considering and we're thinking about it. Obviously, it's an attractive property, but we'll only do it just like our other rights, if it is something that adds shareholder value. And that's the filter that we'll continue to look for. And we're really happy with, frankly, the deals that we've got in terms of representing things that are accretive to our shareholders so far. And we'll take that same approach going forward. In terms of the gambling opportunity, as you know, we stuck our toe in this water in the last couple of years in terms of sports links with a few of the players out there. And I think going forward, we see this as an opportunity. We seized an opportunity, we know that it represents very little risk to the company and very little risk to ESPN. As a matter of fact, it's actually -- it builds the brand equity from the research that we've had in terms of some of the younger audience that follow sports because it's such an integral part of the experience. And so we think it's actually a growth vehicle for us, but we'll walk into it carefully and monitor it carefully, but we have a greater appetite to do more and more in that area.
Bob Chapek: Yes, I'm going to take the second one first. If there's any marker in terms of our ability to continue to build franchises, we know theatrical is a proven way to do that. But our merchandise sales on Mandalorian that never had a theatrical release is certainly one extraordinary marker in terms of the fact that while theatrical continues to be a great way for us to build franchises, our first big data point using our Disney+ platform to sell merchandise has been extraordinarily successful for us as well. In terms of the Premier Access, you're absolutely right. As we get into a situation where we're trying to monitor our consumers ready to go back into theatres, of course, 90%, let's say of the domestic marketplace is open right now. And we're encouraged in terms of polling in terms of that growing going forward. But if you look at last weekend's box office for an example, and you compare it versus an average over the last 3 years of pre-COVID box office, it was 85% below domestically and 63% below -- 67% below internationally. So we know the markets not quite there yet. So the Disney Premier Access strategy, one of the things that gives us right now, and we're grateful for this is the ability to go ahead and try to release things into the market and try to reprime the pump, if you will. But at the same time, know that for those consumers that are a little leery still about going into a packed theatre, that they can go ahead and watch it in the safety and convenience of their home. In terms of going beyond this fiscal year, we've not announced exactly what our strategy is going to be in terms of which titles will be theatrical plus Disney Premier Access, which ones will be direct to Disney+, or which ones will go into theatres. But know that we'll continue to watch the evolution of the recovery of the theatrical marketplace. And we'll use that flexibility to make the right call at the right time. But right now, we've only called those films that are in this fiscal year because of the relatively fluid nature of the recovery of exhibition.
Christine McCarthy: Hi, Ben, and thanks for the free cash flow question. We don't usually get those. But I would like to comment on it because it's something that we're tracking not only this year versus last year, we look at it actually weekly. But I'm also looking at it versus fiscal 2019, which I consider a more normalized year. I would say that the upside that we're really seeing and we're quite pleased with it is since we've reopened Walt Disney World, and we really don't have the impact of Disney Land yet, but we're seeing, as I mentioned, a strong per cap growth in the parks that's flowing through the parks cash numbers, and we're also seeing good strong cash flow from our direct-to-consumer businesses. So those two elements are kind of upside to what we had planned for. And I would also say that the -- there is some choppiness year-over-year, because of some of the shifts and sports rights expense timing from last year to this year. But we expect that to be more normalized this year as we get through the year. But we're looking at a more favorable free cash flow than we did when we started off the year.
Christine McCarthy: Okay. And I'll take the second part of your question, Michael, and nice to hear your voice. Look, the biggest drivers for direct-to-consumer were coming out of Hulu and Disney+. They're a little bit different. Disney+, we saw some lower content costs and that was due to some lower allocated costs for some of our own titles compared to what we had expected. And at Hulu, there was also some lower content costs, but for a different reason. It was from their third-party content that is coming -- that were delayed because of some COVID issues. So content coming in is not coming in as quickly as that they had thought, but the most important driver for Hulu is the addressable advertising strength. That continues to be a real upside. And it's going strong, and we expect that to continue. There's real demand for that addressable advertising.
Christine McCarthy: The only guidance that we have reaffirmed was the 2024 total Disney+ global subs. Bob mentioned it, I mentioned it, that 230 million to 260 million. All the other guidance we have not reaffirmed or changed at this point. We're still going through our long-term planning cycle. So we're not making any changes now.
Christine McCarthy: I'm going to talk about -- hi, Jessica. I'm going to talk about direct-to-consumer and the slower net adds expected for the second half of the year. That is, in fact the case. And it is largely due to the COVID related suspension of the IPO. And also that decision that we made to move the Star Plus Latin America launch into the fourth quarter. And once again, we did that because of the strength of the sports calendar that we would have upon launch. The other thing that's going to happen here is with the absence of the IPL games in India, that will also have an impact on advertising revenue. So you could see a decrease in the ARPU and the subs in India, if that plays out, like we just said. But the other thing is we did take price increases for domestic U.S as well as EMEA for Disney+, so our overall ARPU could benefit. So we just took the price increase in the U.S at the end of March. And we'll see how that plays out in our ARPU in the upcoming quarters.
Christine McCarthy: Hi, Kannan. And your question around if they move the IPL. About half of the 60 IPL matches that were expected to be played this season have already taken place. So you're looking at the back half 30 games to be played. So sure if they were able to successfully relocate the tournament, we would hopefully see an impact, especially on advertising. And so there would be a positive what we're expecting. It would be better than if there were no rescheduled. The big issue is going to be when in the quarter and if it overlaps into Q4, or if it goes into the first fiscal quarter, which starts for us and the beginning of October. So it would have a -- it would have an impact on it, it just depends on when it would come in. So let's hope they are able to relocate it.
