Jay Rasulo: I think we have a lot of them. Cars Land is a great example of it, or Cars. Clearly, Disney Princesses is a franchise that are all over our parks globally. Star Wars is going to be just that. We have global licensing rights to Avatar. I could go on, Pixar -- there is plenty of Monsters presence. There’s a Toy Story attraction in every one of our parks around the work. I think there are literally dozens of them. We have more than anyone and unlike competitors in the marketplace, except where a couple -- Avatar been probably now the only example, we don’t have to license from third parties, we own them all.
Jay Rasulo: Well, Michael we’ve seen, if you look at the last five years, we’ve really seen incredibly strong results from the addition of attractions, lands and experiences based on franchises that have been incredibly powerful. A few minutes ago Bob just mentioned Cars and before that Toy Story and we know that these are the kinds of attractions that pull people from, gee, I’m going to go to a Disney Park someday do I want to go this year. If you look forward, whether it’s Avatar and we've spoken with the opportunity for Star Wars in our parks, these are the kinds of things that have been absolutely of the basis of our growth here in the U.S. and if you look overseas, like in Hong Kong for instance you’ll see Iron Man being introduced into that park soon. So, I think that from a volume perspective, we remain keenly focused on enhancing the experience, having guests who come to Central Florida or Southern California, extend their stay with us and that has served us for 30-40 years as a strategy and I don’t see any reason why we won’t continue that. In terms of the other side you mentioned, on per cast, Bob just mentioned that we expect MyMagic+ to have some revenue impact as it continues to be fully utilized by guests. We also have been able to continue to price behind the value of our offering. So I also see that as a continuing trend. So we don’t like to get out and predict what’s going to happen tomorrow but the fundamental strategies that have delivered those results you mentioned are still in place and are still serving us well.
Jay Rasulo: We are incredibly happy the SEC Network launch best channel launch in history I think. We are now reaching as of the deals we’ve done about 80 million American households and we suspect that that will and translate into about 60 million subscribers that will on August 14 start watching great programming on the SEC. I don’t want to get into and I won’t get into the details of the financial arrangements and results, but we are very bullish on this.
Jay Rasulo: Thanks, Ben. I’d be happy to try to shed some light on that. There are number of factors have led to this quarter affiliate revenue growth to be in mid rather than high single digits as it has been. First as you probably know, we haven’t completed all of our deals with the multi-channel operators. Some are still operating under the old rate card and that is something that obviously we expect to change going forward. Secondly, we’ve experienced some modest ESPN sub losses that we believe are mostly economically driven. We’ve talked about this in the past. And finally the growth rate was impacted by some contractual adjustments during the quarter. But what’s important to know as you said in your question is that we do expect to be back to delivering the high single digit domestic cable affiliate growth in Q4 that we’ve been speaking of and also that the full fiscal year will be high single digits for fiscal ’14. And as I said at the ESPN Investor Day, we still expect that, that will be high-single digit compounded annual growth in domestic cable affiliate revenue through 2016. We don’t really breakout individual products like the SEC network. So I am not going to specifically speak about it.
Jay Rasulo: I’m not going to put shadow what revenue we’ll come off with Netflix in the future but everything that Bob says I believe applies to every market that Netflix would enter in the future.
Jay Rasulo: Well, I think we’ve shared with you that, it was our expectation that with some of the product investment that we were doing, that we were in the back half of the year that we expected A&E’s results which is by far and away the largest driver of that number, would have a back half of the year that would be flat or lower than it had been before. So it really does have to do with the constant building and rebuilding that’s going on at the A&E Network. We’ve got channels there and the leadership has done extremely well with them but want to continue with that success and of course and that involves investing in new programming as it does with any successful cable or network channel and that’s really what you're seeing in those numbers, nothing beyond that.
Jay Rasulo: Q4 is looking flattish and I think we said we are looking for flat numbers for the second half of the year.
Bob Iger: There is and we’ve said that it’s going to contribute to our growth in the next quarter. This is actually -- it's a quarter that we just announced as the first full quarter was basically fully operational and we were available to all guests, both those that come as basically walk-up guests to our parks but also or single day ticket holders and those that reserve in advance. And the plan all along was that for it to enable us to grow revenue, clearly that happens in a variety of ways. It's increasing guest satisfaction. So that should have an impact on essentially length of stay, repeat visitation word of mouth. There are other opportunities from a direct revenue generating perspective that I won’t get into in great detail but we’d be glad detail at a later day. But PhotoPass is one specific example of that, but there are many more and this going to start delivering basically a positive impact to the bottom-line in the quarter that we’re just in, that we’re now in.
Bob Iger: Well, I think that you are definitely seeing more compelling growth in advertising spending on new media platforms, digital platforms than you are on the traditional. I don’t think though that it’s matched dollar for dollar in the sense that I don’t think all the money that’s flowed away from broadcasting in the upfront necessarily flowed directly into new digital platforms, even though I believe that these platforms have siphoned off some money from the traditional broadcasters. I think some of the money just wasn’t expressed because advertisers are choosing to essentially commit the spending much closer to the time that the spots actually run. So I think you’re going to see some of the money that wasn’t in the upfront expressed in scatter and some of it clearly move to new platforms. That said ESPN had an extremely good upfront. It happened late so it basically just ended but there the numbers were very compelling in that you had absolute increased volume of spending over last year. So not just increased rates or increased units sold but increased dollars committed to ESPN in the upfront. Now that may speak volumes about live programming and about the nature of the live programming that ESPN has, but I think you are definitely seeing a shift. We’ve made a conscious decision as a Company to essentially not be as reliant on advertising as we were in the past. So it represents probably somewhere in the neighborhood of the low-20% range of our total revenue. That’s pretty purposeful because we see a much more competitive environment out there for advertising. We intend to participate in that environment in the sense that by moving product into new digital platforms, we fully expect to gain revenue on the digital advertising front, but I think you’re going to see basically continued pressure on traditional advertising platforms. We’re certainly seeing it a lot, not we as a company but you’re seeing it in the business in print and in radio and probably in outdoor, and I think that’s pretty telling. Television, a little less susceptible to that because there as an advertiser we can say it’s still a very, very effective way of advertising a product. But definitely the world is changing.
Bob Iger: We have been steadily adding to our margins in our domestic operations, you are absolutely right about that Alexia. And we have said that the ramp up of all the new initiatives that we’ve launched over the last three to five years have been a drag on those margins. Those, as they continue to become fully operational and now start contributing as we always thought they would to the profitability of the parks, you are seeing quarter-on-quarter and year-on-year growth in our margins and I think that you will continue to see that. Now remember, as I answer to Michael’s question the introduction of new product, the new initiatives is part of our fundamental strategy. It does have short-term impacts on margins, but positive long term impacts on value. So you may see -- it’s not straight line upward as we introduced major new products but the fundamental operation of that business has been strong and of course volume and pricing increases help that and support it. The other thing I will add is and this goes back to the question that Jessica asked is as we spend money at the parks and new attractions that are based on known intellectual property and brands, the likelihood of their success is greater. So when we put -- when we increase Toy Story’s presence or other Pixar presence, when we put Frozen in the parks, when we grow Star Wars’ presence, which we will do significantly and we do it with Princess for instance, you are going to see I think basically better bets being made that pay off and that are more likely to pay off for us than some of the bets that were made in the past. Again it’s just a question of essentially leveraging the great collection of franchises in IP that the company has in ways of a better returns on capital expenditures at the parks than we saw in the past.
Bob Iger: No. We made those three big bets in Pixar, Marvel, and Lucas two of them clearly are paid off handsomely and one we are pretty certain will, Lucas. We’ve had a blend as you know in terms of how we’re allocating capital or cash, between acquisition organic growth. Disney Juniors is a good example of that for instance. The Disney Channel worldwide another example and of course our continued increase in dividend and our buyback program which Jay addressed. I don’t necessarily see that shifting that much. We’ve said that we’re not targeting any acquisitions that we over the size of the three that we brought and I don’t want to speculate or whether that could change or not, but we feel right now that we’ve got a great hand as a Company and we’re spending a fair amount of time and capital investing in the assets that we currently have.
Bob Iger: Well, I think growth in international paid television is for good for us because of the great content that we have and the content that we have is fairly universal in appeal. So as entities grow their presence in pay television worldwide, our content is sought after more and we’re monetizing that well. The Marvell TV product that we recently announced is a great example of that. For instance everything that's Disney branded. In terms of us getting involved directly, we have said for a while that we are going to launch product in marketplaces around the world that's going to enable us to sell some of our product direct to consumer. I don’t want to get too specific about that but those opportunities to sell directly to consumer and that would be Movies, TV and probably other Disney products will be international and domestic in terms of opportunity.
Bob Iger: Well, I can agree with most of what you said but I will not give you specifics in terms of a predicted run rate because we just don’t do that. But given the pipeline, that includes basically the brands and the franchises you mentioned, the slates not just for '15 but beyond are incredibly rich with tentpole movies that are branded, known that should work worldwide. And obviously releasing a Star Wars film every year starting in '15, what we said about Marvel with Avengers and Iron Man and Captain America 3 and a sequel to Guardians and plenty others, the obvious Disney animation success, which is now three pictures in a now and growing because I think that the one we’ve got this Christmas Big Hero 6, will also be strong and then a very rich Pixar slate coming up, you’re going to see some great results from the studio on top of the fact that we feel very well positioned, both in terms of our slate and our talent on the Disney live action front. Maleficent has done well over $700 million worldwide. If you look at the slate coming up from Tomorrowland and Cinderella and a number of other films, we think that group is operating at a top level and we're very bullish about their prospects too. So we think we are well positioned for this studio to be a significant driver of bottom line results for the Company certainly through the next five years. And I'm not sure I know what’s out there that could disrupt us except for wide scale creative failure, and I certainly don’t expect that.
Bob Iger: Well we like the hand that we have and we believe that we can continue to mine growth from the channel properties that we own, in Disney, in ESPN obviously and ABC and our 50% ownership of A&E Lifetime Networks, which is also very significant for us. We like that hand but we don’t necessarily believe that we have to grow those businesses in order to prosper. We think we're positioned to continue to prosper in that business. I will say that in the multi-channel business, there is a lot of out there. There are a lot of channels and channels that have questionable brand propositions, channels whose ratings are not necessarily consistent, I'm not sure are going to be served as well over time. I don’t think that marketplace continues to grow for all. I think the marketplace will continue to grow for those channels that are best branded, most in demand, best programmed, and I think we’ve got those channels.
Bob Iger: Netflix, we’re growing our business with Netflix, first of all because we believe in their platform and its future. And we have from the beginning, when we did the output deal with the studio and we also believe that our brands can be well monetized on their platform, which is evidenced what they are paying for our brands and our content. So as long as that continues, which I think it will, not just domestically but internationally our business is expected to be robust with them or even grow. So it’s a good combination. We’ve got brands and content that they want and they have a platform that we like and that we want and they are willing to pay the right price for our content, good prices for our content. I think it’s mutually beneficial.
Bob Iger: Well, definitely moved from MovieBeam itself. I barely remember it. I think it actually was a noble experiment, might have been slightly ahead of its time and little bit off pace in terms of the technology because it required an extra device in the home. I think actually this Company is very well positioned to offer product directly to the consumer. Right now, we do that primarily at parks and resorts. I think that we would in all likelihood grow our direct to consumer business in our media space and the movie space et cetera and so on, overtime and I think that will be an important strategy for the company in the future for all kinds of reasons, one being that I think that access to the consumer and it has all kinds of value. Secondly I think we can better serve the consumer with our, certainly our Disney branded product by going direct. That said we have good relationships with distributors, whether they are big-box retailers or theater operators or MVPDs for pay television or pay media platforms like Netflix. So I think you’ll see overtime growth in Disney’s direct to consumer business, but that doesn’t necessarily mean we’ll get out of the third party distributor business. That would be impossibility.
Bob Iger: Well, you say cleaning up suggesting that there is something wrong with it. We have a great relationship for with Hearst, a great partnership with them that dates back decades and works extremely well for both companies. We like being partnered with them. They've been great, both in terms of investing for future growth and also sustaining and supporting the current business.
Bob Iger: The first question, we definitely have seen growth in terms of number of advertisers coming into the sports space. We’ve also seen a lot of growth with advertisers who want to buy the sports space on a multi-platform basis. And in fact I think virtually a 100% of all ESPN sales were close to it. Certainly well, north of three quarters of their total sales are bought cross platform. So they are buying digital platform, the magazine, radio, the television channels et cetera. I think sports is definitely a growth area for advertisers. Obviously live means a lot, but there just seems to be growing interest in sports in general. I think that’s one of the reasons why we’ve seen more competition for sports rights in the last probably five years, because it’s just more appealing to advertisers. The second part of the question, there is limited presence of ESPN in the parks. We have the big branded sports space in Orlando. We've tried our hand at some ESPN zone in a few locations. There's one at Downtown Disney in Anaheim. We're kicking around some other ideas possibly for some other locations. But in general the experience people want when they enter our parks is more of, I call it a story telling experience, not necessarily a sports experience, even though there are lot of stories created and told in sports. The blend just doesn’t seem to be that obvious, or the presence doesn’t seem to be that obvious. So there is not much in development in terms of increasing ESPN’s presence in parks and resorts.
Bob Iger: I don’t know any categories off the top of my head. I do know though that advertisers that traditionally look for a varied audience, not just men are coming in, which is interesting. So in other words advertisers that typically look for audiences that include women’s components or young people components are buying more sports time. Maybe because the audience is more diverse.
Bob Iger: Well I can pretty much guarantee over time that every single film will not work. I’ve been in the business long enough to know that. I can’t tell you which one wont right now. But that’s the business. I will say that we’ve got a great team across the board from Marvel to Pixar, Disney Animation, Lucasfilm folks and Disney Live Action. It kind of starts with that team which all rose up under Alan Horn’s leadership; really pleased with the team that we’ve got in place. And when you combine that team with the quality of intellectual properties that the Company owns, you have a much greater likelihood of sustainable success, which is something that has been -- has alluded us in the past and I think in some respects has alluded many studios. We just have a -- we have a great hand of people and a great hand of intellectual property. 
Bob Iger: I'm not predicting that there will be but I think given the slate, particularly when you consider the cadence of Star Wars films and the growth in Marvel and the addition of some Pixar films; look you’re talking about a potential record year in 2014 that doesn’t include a Pixar film, which is something that we pushed purposefully because the film that we were slated to release, we didn’t feel was ready and we thought we were much better off seeking quality than rushing a product to marketplace which we'll continue to do. And so just the fact that we are doing as well as we're doing without a Pixar film probably says a lot of about what’s up in the future, but we don’t want to make specific predictions.
Bob Iger: Second part of your question, the studio is definitely running more efficiently for a variety of reasons, one being something that has nothing to do with technology. They’ve reduced their development costs significantly. Meaning basically the overall deals they have with certain talent, which I think over time, didn’t prove to be as valuable as they would have liked. And so if you look at the commitments long-term, we have these commitments to great intellectual property but we’ve reduced our development costs. In addition to that, the studio has found all kinds of efficiencies, some the result of technology, some the result of just better or strong leadership. And I believe the question about as I go to bed at night, the one area that I think that there's still potential for efficiency, which is somewhat technology driven is in the marketing area and now there has been some things written recently about studio marketing costs. I think in today’s world the opportunities that studios have to reach people with marketing messages on new technology platforms, obviously have grown significantly and I think with that should come some more efficiency and I know where our studio was looking at accomplishing that. In terms of the first question, we’re not going to get into any details about Harrison Ford’s accident and except to say that we are on track to premier the film on December 18, 2015.
Bob Iger: The third one is followed by five others and we have eight. Pooh, Mickey Mouse, Monsters, Star Wars, Spider Man, Cars, Disney Junior and Princess.
Bob Iger: We don’t really believe that we need to gain any additional scale in terms of global channels. Our primary basic channel play worldwide is the Disney Channel or the Disney branded channels that includes Junior and XD. We continue to invest in growing that portfolio of channels, now well over a 100. We'll continue to do that. We’re not necessarily looking to acquire more from more scale. With these brands and the content opportunities that we have to mine them, there are plenty of places for us to bring our product beyond just an owned channel, as we’ve talked about on this call with the various growth in pay television for instance across the globe. The second question was World Cup advertising. I honestly -- now one has cited to us internally the fact that the World Cup may have taken advertising away from the more traditional broadcast channels. I think what you saw is one, some money migrating to new digital platforms and two, money not being expressed and the upfront being held back for scatter and essentially beginning to express near term to when the spots would run.
