Robert A. Iger: Alexia, let me take the back end of your question, first on MyMagic+. So the situation we’re in right now is that we basically are continuing to roll forward with making this benefit available to more and more of our guests. And at this point if you’re staying on property at one of our hotels, you are basically a beneficiary of MyMagic+. And we’ve talked about the benefits in two basic categories in terms of financials of the company. The first, as it greatly improves the experience at Walt Disney World, we expect that as we have with everything else we’ve done to improve the experience at our parks to have an underlying increase in business, whether that’s more individuals coming to the resort every year or those individuals who comedown to Orlando, spending more time with us and having a better time. That tends to reverberate throughout our business in a very positive way. And then, sort of easing some of the, let’s say, logistics of getting around the property, paying for things, entering the parks, getting in and out of the resort hotels, when you make that easier people tend to spend more time on entertainment and more time on consumables, be that food and beverage, merchandise, et cetera. So as we are still very much in the early days of rollout we haven’t been characterized in that impact, but we do expect this to be a net positive and growing the positive impact on our business in the years to come. Relative to the front end of your question, on continued spending and ramp up of new initiatives in Florida, and that’s not only MyMagic+, which – the operating portion, of course cost are kicking in and we’re now seeing as we put the assets in place some of the depreciation that comes with that project being reflected in our expenses. But if you look at it on an overall basis, those new initiatives were accretive in 2013. We continue to be accretive in 2014. I said in my comments that the margin impact of that in fiscal 2013 was about 30 basis points on our overall margins and this year we are looking at about a $300 million expense item and more or less the same amount on the revenue side. So we’ll continue to see accretion into 2014 and ramping up beyond that.Alexia Quadrani – J.P. Morgan Securities LLC: Thank you very much.
Robert A. Iger: Yes, I do. They, I think they been investing over the years. Universal expanded before Comcast own them. Harry Potter actually was started well before Comcast own them. So do I think that they are going to ramp up substantially? I think the jury is still out, we will see just how much they're willing to invest and what kind of creativity they have to invest in, but yes, there is room in the marketplace. Sure.Doug Mitchelson – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.:  Thank you.
Robert A. Iger: Well, we have been building the Disney brand over the years, Jessica, and we’re going to continue to. We’ve had continued growth or presence on television platforms although because of restrictions that is limited. We’ve grown nicely in the mobile space and online and we continue to grow at retail plus we’ve had some real success with some of our feature phones there, particularly as we’ve seen screens grow or the number of screens grow tremendously in China. A lot of the activity though between now and when the park opens will be to grow the theme park brand. To make sure that not only the people know that it’s coming, but to give them a better appreciation for what will be in it, which we’ve not yet announced, but you can expect a lot of kind of making of kind of programming and things that are done in the marketplace that track what attractions will be in the park itself. So if we have a themed attraction based on, say a certain movie then it’s likely that you’ll see or the Chinese will see that move in the marketplace in a variety of different ways would be one example. So they can better appreciate the story. We’re also opening or developing our first big store in China and that is actually in Shanghai, which will be used before it opens sort of a quasi visitor center to let people know more about the park itself, and it is in one of the highest traffic areas in Shanghai, just at the foot of the TV tower. Once the park opens we actually believe that we’ll have a significant halo effect on the brand. There will be a lot more interest in and appreciation of Disney stories and characters. And we intend to explore all different avenues to take advantage of that, but we’re right now focused mostly on building a great park and making sure that it is appropriately marketed so that people when they can go can really appreciate the experience better.
Robert A. Iger: Well, first of all we’ve had a productive negotiation and so progress is being made. There are still issues to be resolved and they could take some time, but as long as we’re making progress we are perfectly patient to see this thing through and avoid a blackout sorts of our channels, which we’d like to do. You are right to suggest that this is complicated because these deals have gone well beyond just how many subs they’re going to provide and what fees they are going to pay us. Technology is creating a lot of complexity in terms of what we’re selling to them, in effect what they are buying and ultimately what they can do with the product that we’re making available. We want to make sure that we are open-minded and modern in our approach to recognize all the different changes in the marketplace that enable consumers to have better access to our product, but at the same time we intend to be steadfast in our desire in our strategy to protect the value of our intellectual property. It’s just complicated and right now, the negotiation is more about issues related to technology than related to the more standard issues of basically sub fees and distribution.
Robert A. Iger: On the ESPN front I think that you are likely to see nothing particularly dramatic to change the trajectory of growths of ESPN over the next five years or so, partially because a lot of our distribution deals are done, as are a lot of our licensing deals for sports rights. We have seen across all of our Media Networks tremendous adoption of our WATCH Apps and significant usage of those apps. And in the deals that we are cutting with distributors we are getting paid so that they can provide access to their subs for mobility or for the WATCH Apps.  In other words TV Everywhere, is something that actually is adding to our subscription revenue because they’re making it available to their customers and it is a rather compelling product because suddenly as you know, Todd, the customer is no longer basically confined to just having watch the multichannel service in the home. They can really watch it everywhere. The number of subs that will have this service and in effect the growth in sub piece from it is only going to continue as we cut more deals with distributors.  :
Robert A. Iger: Thanks Vasily for that question. Little bit unusual for A&E where a lot of our income of invest comes from. A&E had a big investment period in the fourth quarter, I don’t see that as typical. If you look at the full year impact of the contribution from A&E, it’s strong, it’s been growing. We expect it to be strong into the future and I’d see Q4 more as an aberration and that is what is driving those numbers. Vasily D. Karasyov – Sterne, Agee & Leach, Inc.: All right, thank you very much.
Robert A. Iger: Yes. That makes sense. You are right, because most of ESPN's viewing is live. We don't expect much of a lift from a ratings or a revenue perspective for either C3 or C7 for ESPN. By the way on the C7 side, while there has been some, I guess, a couple of deals done on C7, we certainly like to see more because of the significant consumption beyond C3. I'm not sure that's going to happen very quickly. You mentioned a year that sounds aggressive to me. I don't think the advertising market place is going to move that fast.  On the first question, we haven't commented about the station, so your reading was complete speculation from, I can't remember whether it was the press or the investment community, but neither one necessarily reflects the opinion or the attitudes of this Company. These have been good assets for us. They've been run extremely well. They're number one in most of the markets, we only have eight by the way and I think as long as we're in the Network business, we'll be in the station business. We don't comment about acquisitions or divestitures, but I don't think it would be wise to either predict or to conclude that these assets were on the market. 
Robert A. Iger: I do. I think that's a good question. Marvel has thousands of characters and it would not have been possible if – it is not possible to mime them all with filmed entertainments. And in fact, while these characters are attractive characters, they're not among the most popular and they are characters that we probably were never going to make feature films about. Although, if they're popular on Netflix, it's quite possible they could become feature films. So I think that there are a number of ways for Marvel to create more sort of value opportunities or value generating opportunities and this is one of them, and it's also, I think happens, as I mentioned earlier, happens to be great for Netflix.  They're looking to make more original programming. It's branded. There's a huge fan base. I looked today just at comments that were being made about this deal from, I'll call it the Marvel fan base, and other than the chatter about the dating of the Star Wars film, this was among the most talked about step out there today.  Next to of course, I guess the IPO of Twitter. Although the dating of Star Wars was the number one tweeted or trending subject on Twitter today, I thought was also interesting. Anyway, this is, I think, a great opportunity for Marvel to create more brand value and to create more character value and I think it's only one step in a direction that will lead to much more value being mined at Marvel and ultimately, Lucas, there's Star Wars, other ABC production capabilities and of course Disney. There are more opportunities beyond our platforms to produce product for them.
Robert A. Iger: We are not currently contemplating adding to the fleet, Vijay. We like the itineraries that are available to us. We have had a number of conversations about potential itinerary expansion and frankly given the business that we're in or the aspect of the business that we're in, the opportunities are not that numerous. I think eventually Asia will open up to the cruise business, but when it opens up to the family cruise business we are still unsure of and my guess is that it won't open up in the very near term.  So yes, we are not really at the moment contemplating adding to our fleet. We think that we have some interesting opportunities to expand the itineraries of our current four ship fleet but we are not going to need a fifth ship to take advantage of flow of itinerary opportunities for a while.David Joyce – International Strategy & Investment Group:  All right thank you.
James A. Rasulo: Yes. Michael, we are in the process of finishing up the Fantasyland expansion, not quite done. Of course we’ve got the underlying CapEx that both maintains and adds quality to our existing assets and we are beginning, as we’ve discussed, to spend some capital on AVATAR. And I want to reinforce for all of you that we’ve talked in shorthand frankly about AVATAR and AVATAR Land at Disney’s Animal Kingdom. But for purposes of thinking about the economic benefit of this project, you really have to think of AVATAR Land the way we discussed Cars Land in shorthand. That is that Cars Land was part of an overall re-concepting and redelivery of Disney’s California Adventure, which had park-wide benefit in terms of volume and length of stay et cetera. AVATAR Land is playing a similar role in Disney’s Animal Kingdom as we are converting that park into a full-day experience that goes into the evening and expect to have impacts on the overall volume and length of stay at that park as we well. So we’ve begun to spend capital on that, both aspects of the specifics of AVATAR Land as well as converting the Animal Kingdom to the point where it can be an evening experience as well as daytime. So the combination of those factors is basically keeping our domestic CapEx equal to what it was last year.
James A. Rasulo: Well, let me hasten to add that the business model change on the ESPN U.K. decision i.e. to exit that business and therefore receive less affiliate fees was accompanied by more than a cost savings for that business and therefore that was a net positive on an OI basis even though it was a negative on international affiliate fees.  And secondly, we've moved to a free-to-air format. Our moving to a free-to-air format in Germany, which has also depressed what we're formally recognized as affiliate fees and will now be realized in the form of advertising. And more importantly in the biggest and wealthiest country in Europe as a brand lifter as the Disney Channel has been all over the world, as it we much, much more broadly distributed free-to-air than it had been in a relatively small Cable channel or with a partner.
James A. Rasulo: On the second half of your question Todd, let me give you some sense of why we are excited about for DCP licensing in the coming year. First of all, just as a matter of fact, we will have three quarters of Lucas in the numbers as opposed to this year, we will have all four quarters versus three quarter, but if you think about on the kinds of properties we will have in the market on the theatrical side, first of all Spiderman will benefit from the Q3 2014 release of it, that’s like in May and we historically and very much expect to see a lift in our license revenue there.  For the slightly younger audience I think we will see both DVD release and in Q4, the second film release of Planes. And Planes has turned out to be an incredible juggernaut on the DCP side with license merchandise because it not only has its own following and its own characters and it’s own new merchandize that it adds to the market, but because it’s from the world of cars, it tends to reinvigorate the interest in those characters as well and [indiscernible] very well in 2014. And for our youngest audience, the Disney Junior properties are absolutely on fire Bob, refer to the ratings and the strength of Disney Junior and whether it’s so Doc McStuffins, Manny, or Jake and the Never Land Pirates they are experiencing double digit growth rate now on the licensing side and we expect that to continue as those franchises are still all relatively new and all very much in the growth stage with the marketplace.  If you went out this year for Halloween, you bump into a lot of little doctors and lot of little pirates and guess what, that’s where kids interest are and therefore, their parents purchases this all.Todd Juenger – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Very helpful, thank you Bob.
James A. Rasulo: No. I would signal that. We have talked about the fact that a lot of these investments that we have put in place would eventually contribute to our cash flow. We see that clearly manifesting itself in our planning in the coming years. And while we are absolutely happy with our single A rating, the strategic position it gives us in the capital markets, we feel that we’ve got the capacity, we had the capacity to increase our return of capital to shareholders.  We are not cash hoarders. But I don't think you should read it as a signal about M&A. Now I am not – on the other hand I am not trying to signal you that there is something imminent, but on the other hand I wouldn't signal it as, hey, Disney is out of the M&A business, because it has been an incredible, a growth vehicle for the company.  Year in and year out, we have used acquisitions successfully to add to the IP of the company and the distribution capabilities of the company and of course we’re in a dynamic marketplace that we’ve been talking about for call after call and we don’t want to standstill and act as if we have everything in our hand that could potentially continue to grow the company. So I wouldn’t read that either way, but I think we’re a company with incredibly strong balance sheet that has the capacity to both engage in returns to shareholders as well as opportunistic M&A.
James A. Rasulo: Yes, I would say that your observations are correct. Obviously, the Lucas edition has contributed to margins. We said when we did both the Marvel and Lucas acquisitions that we had the onboard capability to absorb the licensing of those franchises without increases in overhead, which of course, gives you incremental margins that are better than your average margins, but we've also had very significant worldwide improvement in our Disney Store business and you can imagine that when you're looking at the blend of businesses that Consumer Products engages in, both from the licensing side, where margins are enormous, to the retail side, where margins are – where you know they are in retail, no improvement in that and improves the overall margin. So we're pretty happy with a division that's pretty much firing on all cylinders at this point. I also think that when you consider that we've got Disney, Marvel, Pixar and Lucas products in the marketplace that the scale that that generates, creates margin expansion and general growth opportunities, some of it comes just from gaining access to more shelf space, some of it comes from basically being able to cut better deals as well. It's just a healthy collection of assets that retailers and licensees around the world are really interested in. 
James A. Rasulo: Thanks Alan. Let me – I guess, when you talk about Cable as a whole it obviously encompasses a lot of things, the ESPN and it's network – it's part, the domestic Disney channel, international Disney channels and the A&E Network. They all wind up in the same basket. Of course, when you look at an aggregate number, it's very hard to decipher for you guys what's going on within.  Let me say this that ESPN adjusted Cable OI was up 6%. ESPN was significantly higher than that as were the domestic Disney channels, way beyond 6%. I don't want to give specific as to how high they were, but well beyond 6%. What you're seeing that ends up averaging down is the investment in the A&E Network that I mentioned before that shows up in that line as well as a pretty significant investment, the heaviest investment in its lifetime for the launch of the Germany free-to-air channel. And it does take a fair amount of work and money to put up a channel that you expect to be successful in a big country, and that is depressing the average, pulling it down to that 6%.  So, I know it may not be that satisfying, and I am not giving you specific numbers, but they're much stronger up in the high singles and low double-digits for our core networks, and the balance is the opposite as I just mentioned.Alan S. Gould – Evercore Partners :  Okay thank you for that clarification Jay.
