James A. Rasulo: Yes, well, there are 2 major contributors to increased margins. Of course, when I reviewed the per caps, a lot of that was due to RNA pricing and higher ticket prices, which, needless to say, don't have a little -- a lot of interference flowing to the bottom line. We also, as we've been telling you, have been -- had a very, very strong response to our new cruise ship. It is booking at great rates. It is contributing very well to our revenue, and both of those have, I would say, were the key drivers to our margin improvement in the quarter.
James A. Rasulo: Okay. Let me start, Spencer. On the booking window, we -- something we watch pretty carefully, I told you 2 quarters ago that we saw a little elongation of that from 13 weeks to 14 weeks. This quarter, it remained pretty steady at about that 14 weeks between when the rooms are booked or when the vacation is booked and when the guests show up. So not a lot of movement there in this quarter. On the other question you had about international visitation, the fourth quarter happened to be a particularly strong quarter for international visitation. I have told you that for many quarters or many years. For our business as a whole, we're looking around 20% of our business, a lot of that driven at Walt Disney World. Walt Disney World was at the high end of the range that we see between 17%, 18% and 22%, 23%. Walt Disney World really over-performed in the quarter internationally. And it made the year sort of fall pretty solidly in that 20% -- 18% to 22% range. So surprisingly, to some extent as was implied in your question, but we are still seeing very strong international attendance.
James A. Rasulo: No. Once folks book their vacation, Jessica, they pretty much are behaving as they have in the past. I'd say that not shockingly, if you look at the growth in our merchandise sales, it's a little bit slower in the mix than the growth in our RNA and our Food and Beverage sales, mostly because of some great programming on the Food and Beverage side that has kept that variable growing. But in general, we see our guests behaving pretty much as they have in the past. And as you can see in aggregate, their spending is increasing at a pretty heavy level. If you look -- step back and look at the overall mix, I would say that our Group business, while it has made leaps and bounds, growth back since the downturn. It's still only about 90% of where it was before we came into the downturn. I think there's a little more opportunity for us there because it's very strong countercyclical programming for us. But in general, the goal is to get folks back at the resort at our normalized levels of pricing throughout the year. And pretty much once they're there, they behave as they always did.
James A. Rasulo: Let me start with your CapEx question. And this is one that we -- I get asked often, and I'll try to give you some perspective on it. Five years ago or so, we used to be pretty demonstrative about $1 billion number being sort of a -- an ongoing level without special projects added to it. You have to remember, though, that in those 5 years, in the capital projects that we've put in the ground, which each have their own growth strategy, each is filling in different parts of the portfolio, when they're back on board, they all need sort of ongoing FF&E and maintenance capital to keep them going. So I would say that, that that billion dollar number is low. But certainly, we've been pretty clear about the levels we're spending in fiscal '11 and '12 being at the other end of the spectrum, being very high because of the addition of the 2 cruise ships, the Aulani Hotel, the work we're doing at DCA, all the work we're doing at Walt Disney World has really kind of created a bubble for us that is not our long-term plan. I think that you will hear about longer-term projects, Shanghai, we talked a little bit about as a contributor to 2012 capital expenditures, and that will sort of ramp up over time. Remember that only 43% of that capital is ours. So even though it's a big contributor, the Chinese government contributes 57% of that and we back that cash out of a financing -- a lower financing line in our P&L. So I can't give you exact specificity on our ongoing capital level, but let's say it will be higher than $1 billion but much lower than the $2.5 billion to $3 billion we've been at.
James A. Rasulo: Well, the comment I made applies both to a short-term loss of games, which we're in now, or for a loss of the entire season. In fact, we believe that there is demand for the categories that are strong advertisers on ESPN and whether or not the NBA is being broadcast on ESPN and, obviously, broadcast elsewhere. Those dollars are going to continue to seek that same male demographic that is going to find its way to sports. And the most logical place for them to find their way will be probably not shockingly to college basketball as a substitute and whatever else we have in our huge portfolio of live sporting events that can be broadcast in those NBA game slots. So we expect that those advertising dollars will actually -- the decrease will actually be quite de minimis. But moreover, they will -- if there is some loss, we think that, that loss will be more than offset with not recognizing the rights fees for the NBA for that season. We, by the way, on balance would still prefer to have the NBA season and carry through with our original plan of programming those games. But I do not believe that it will affect us to the negative financially if the season, in fact, does not end up happening. And in terms of future, I can't imagine. I don't think it's ever good for a sports league to find themselves in this situation, but I think the same argument holds for future years that we have a lock on this demographic with advertisers. They love to advertise on ESPN. We deliver the ratings, our portfolio is incredibly strong broadly and no reason to believe that we would see a long-term impact of this particular season of the NBA being locked out. But thanks for the question.
Robert A. Iger: Well, we look at each package as available individually with an eye toward literally what kind of value we think it's going to drive, whether its going to support the brand, what kind of volume are we talking about in terms of number of hours, what will the ratings be, can we convert to advertising and how can we better serve our customers, which are both the multichannel distributors, and ultimately, end-users, the viewers. The NFL is a good example. There's no question that was an expensive deal. And as I was saying, using the word discipline, I was thinking about the cost of -- to us of extending that deal. But what we saw when we did that was, first of all, long-term deal that takes us to 2021. That's tremendous certainty. We know we have certainty in terms of quality of the product and the games and the interest in those from our viewers and our distributors and advertisers, by the way. And we have the ability to program more than 500 more hours of NFL programming kind of annualized. So when we added all of that up and we looked at the growth trajectory of those rights fess, we concluded that if there's anything that creates value for ESPN, it's the NFL. And so we apply similar logic, the college football and college basketball package that we bought represent quality programming, huge local interest in those. You know if you've gone to a college that has a decent sports team how loyal you tend to be as a viewer, to that team, those teams, again, long-term deals. And the other thing that we've got gained in a lot of these deals is multi-platform capabilities. So it grows our customer engagement, and that's a big deal. The growth of ESPN.com, which I cited in my earnings comments, the use of smart mobile devices, in some cases, international rights, these are all very, very valuable. Those that we -- those sports that we did not get interestingly enough, the World Cup and the Olympics, while there's no question, they're high-quality. They don't occur every year. They occur for a short period of time. And we didn't believe that we could justify the kind of rights that ultimately others pay for it because it didn't really meet the standards based on the cost those rights were going to amount to, to us that we've adhered to for these other packages.
Robert A. Iger: Yes, we don't get that much attendance from Europe really, but it was strong during fiscal '11. We've seen a slight slowdown from the U.K. this quarter. But by and large, overall, our international attendance this quarter is up, I think, just under 10% from a year ago. Now we're are also being helped by growth in attendance from Asia and from Brazil, so there's a good kind of global balance. And while we're certainly watching what's going on in Europe very carefully, the fact of the matter is that there are other markets that have grown nicely, and that's obviously a good thing for us. On the scatter side, I want to reiterate the fact that advertising for us was about 19% of our total revenue. It doesn't mean it's unimportant, but I just want to put it in perspective. On the ABC front, scatter pricing has been very strong this quarter, I think Jay mentioned in the mid-20% range, 26% over the upfront. But it has slowed slightly these last few weeks. That said, the option pick ups for January, February and March are running slightly above where we thought we would be, and when we look at the mix of inventory that we have left, including in some very appealing new programs that I mentioned, Once Upon a Time, Suburgatory and Revenge to name a few, we feel good about the inventory that we have left and our demographics are strong. We've been quite strong in women 18 to 49 as a for instance. So I'd say a little slowing in the last few weeks, up nicely over the upfront this quarter, and we'll wait and see. On the ESPN front, they have difficult comps from a year ago as was the case in the quarter that we just announced. They ended up up 18% for the year, which is a tremendous number. They have got a great product to sell. They have a male demographic that's clearly in demand, and they also wrote a lot of business in the upfront. Scatter becomes less of an issue for them.
Robert A. Iger: Yes, the strategic priorities that I articulated back in '05 when I got the job remain very much in place, starts with making great product. Interestingly enough, that's even more interesting and more compelling today than it was back then because the world is offering us even more opportunities to leverage great product, either because of new technology or compelling growth in emerging markets. And that's the real value proposition for us. I want nothing more for this company than to make great product. And I'd say if I had to go and mind over the remainder of my tenure, which isn't as brief as, I think, people suggests, it's to improve the quality of our output. Technology is a huge, huge strategic priority for us. I talked about it when I talk about content. Let's use it to distribute more effectively and to monetize better. It should also be used to make our product better as well. And we certainly see that when it comes to filmed entertainment, but obviously, in our theme parks. And then on the international front, we announced 3 big deals this past year. They're in my remarks, in China, India and Russia. It is imperative for this company to plant a number of seeds in the emerging world. When you look at the -- into the remainder of this decade or the next decade, growth from emerging markets is going to outpace growth in the developed world, and that's the first time that's happened in 200 years. So that's very important, sticking to our knitting and doing more of it.
Robert A. Iger: I don't know if I can really give you too many specifics about whether there's anything that we've seen that is -- stands out or is particularly compelling except to say that we thought the technology was going to create opportunities for consumers to consume our content in new ways and in doing so enable us to monetize in new ways. That's certainly coming true with deals like the one we mentioned for Netflix and Amazon and the conversations that we're having with a variety of entities, the number of apps that have been downloaded, the use of ESPN.com, the over 230 million likes on Facebook, the YouTube deal, you name it. It's a very interesting time for content owners, and there is a growing list of platforms that are eager to enter into deals for us to enable them to redistribute our content to support their investment in their technology platform. And I think we're only seeing the beginning of the beginning of that. I'd say if anything that I think is profound or interesting is that -- is how well some of the traditional media platforms have held up. Five years ago, we would've been talking about just how devastating the impact of the DVR would have been on the Advertising business. So we're finding that with roughly 42% penetration of DVRs in the United States and people who have DVRs watching substantially more TV, that the actual increase in ratings in DVR households is pretty interesting. And now that we can sell on a C3 basis, maybe ultimately, we'll be able to sell even on a C7 basis. That's all monetizable. It's not all detrimental to our business model. If anything you could argue, it's actually enhancing it.
Robert A. Iger: I'm glad you asked a question about margins. We don't measure revenue that closely in the Movie business because we're more interested in profitability, and we'd rather make fewer more profitable movies than more less profitable movies, obviously. We like our year ahead beginning with The Muppets, which has a huge amount of momentum right now. And obviously, The Avengers will factor in big time for us as a franchise for the company and as a real new Marvel tempo. And then we've got a good Pixar title in Brave and John Carter, which should be a big movie for us in March. We've done a good job at the studio of continuing to be vigilant about the cost structure of that business, particularly as things change in that business. I don't believe that we're necessarily at the end in that regard. We'll continue to monitor that business very carefully. We're trying to bring some production costs down, but we're doing so in part by basically balancing the mix of the movies that we have, making a few tempo films and investing aggressively in those, The Avengers is a good example of that, I mentioned Pirates earlier, but also making movies that are substantially lower in cost. The Muppets is actually a good example of that. It's a movie that's going to cost less than $50 million to produce, and I like the balance. In terms of the Lion King and whether we can turn to the library to continue to drive profitability, I mentioned in my remarks, we've named 4 titles that we're bringing out in similar form, Beauty and the Beast, Little Mermaid, Nemo and Monsters. They're all different circumstances than Lion King was. Lion King had never been released on Blu-ray, for instance, and it was a 17-year-old title and was a movie that appealed to just about all demographics. I think the films that we're bringing out are extremely appealing films as well. I'm not sure any one of them is exactly a Lion King in terms of the circumstances, but we think they'll all enhance the bottom line, in a couple of cases, enhance basically the brands Disney and Pixar.
Robert A. Iger: We're talking about retrans in terms of long-term, getting into details about when we'll actually be concluding deals, we've included some, but we've not said how many we believe we'll enter into in 2012 and when retrans would kick in. But you're going to see, as was started in 2011, a steady trajectory of growth.
Robert A. Iger: I was going to say it's still the preseason, but we're getting -- but things count and we are getting paid nicely. The sale of shows to Netflix, which were primarily Disney Channel shows, I think, is only one of several drivers of what our operating income was in the quarter. So while it's nice revenue, it's still relatively modest when compared with the revenue that we derive from subscription fees and advertising. The broadcast side, I think what you're seeing is you're seeing a new form of syndication popping up that didn't exist a few years ago, and that's obviously a good thing. And by the way, I really do think we're at the beginning of the beginning. You're going to see a lot more entrants into the marketplace for varying forms of SVOD or Internet-provided or mobile device provided filmed entertainment. And so I think, I don't know, to put it in perspective, it's going to continue to grow as a percentage of our income, but I don't believe that it will reach a significant percentage of our income, meaning approach, maybe 50% for many years to come. And that's largely because I think the health of the standard businesses of the traditional side of the business looks positive from a long-term perspective.
Robert A. Iger: We're not being specific about it. Total digital revenue for the company is over $1 billion, but that includes a lot more than just, what I'll call, off-network sales. So on a $40 billion and almost $41 billion in revenue, it's still relatively modest. Interestingly enough, what we see growing nicely as well is online commerce, e-commerce. And we've seen huge growth there in Disney merchandise online. So when you look at, what I'll call, growth from digital platforms, it's not just in the Netflixs and the Amazons of this world. It's growth in general in terms of how we sell our product.
Robert A. Iger: Yes, our attention in terms of our capital expenditures has always been on long -- delivering long-term value. And decisions like the decisions to invest in our Theme Park business are certainly made for the long term, either to expand our presence in the markets that we're in or to bring us into new markets, like a new cruise ship can do or a theme park in Hong Kong or a theme park in Shanghai. We don't look at what's going on that year. We believe in the long-term fundamentals of our business and our ability to drive pretty good returns on invested capital.
Robert A. Iger: Well, I think we've been pretty clear about our capital expenditures, particularly in the Theme Park business, which we know is where we spent most of our capital. We've not been specific about how we will allocate capital as our capital expenditures on the Theme Park business moderate.
Robert A. Iger: Our plan to deliver profitability to our Digital for, what we call, DIMG or Digital Interactive Media Group businesses in 2013 remains on track. The 2012 will be a big step in that direction. We've seen some very nice revenue growth in that regard in a variety of those businesses. The YouTube deal is another step in that direction, and we are sticking with the plan, which is to have a profitable digital business in '13. Was there another part of that question that I missed? I'm sorry.
Robert A. Iger: Well, we purposely dialed back the games that we were launching in 2011 for a variety of different reasons: one, monitoring developments in that social game space; two, really reflecting on the technological infrastructure of our business and wanting to make sure that it was sound; and three, focusing on the intellectual property that we were ultimately going to mine in that space. We have plans to launch somewhere in the neighborhood of 8 social games over the next 12 months. Some are derived directly from company-branded IP, Disney and Marvel and some are based solely on original IP. And this 2012 will be a big step in the direction of us using the assets that we bought when we acquired Playdom, and ultimately, driving toward profitability in 2013.
Robert A. Iger: Well, in 2011, when we finished 2011, about 40% of our rooms fit into what we call the value category, about 30% in moderate and under 30% in deluxe. Interestingly enough, in 10 years ago, it was about 1/3, 1/3, 1/3, so we've grown in the value segment, we reduced slightly in the deluxe. By the way, reduced slightly, essentially, it means it's due to the fact that we simply built more value. And I actually believe, if you look at the last 10 years, that's proved to be a great strategy because we made our product far more accessible to more people. And it has enabled us to not only grow attendance but take market share, grow market share, which was obviously very important, because as we move people from off-property, value-priced hotels to on-property value-priced hotels, we captured a much greater percentage of their vacation spend namely in food and merchandise and obviously on the hotel side. We are actually going to be opening another very large value-priced hotel, but we're also developing a luxury-priced hotel with Four Seasons, that's relatively modest in size and it's going to open, I think, in 3 years. I actually think that our strategy has worked very well. We look at our bookings on the luxury side, and we obviously feel good about that. But we've driven a huge amount of traffic in the value direction, and I think that is -- really served us well.
Robert A. Iger: We're continuing to explore the interoperability opportunities, and that includes continuing to look for ways that we can rollout KeyChest effectively. We still believe that the consumer will be better served if, when they buy a digital file, they have an opportunity to access it or play it on multiple platforms, that that's a good thing for the industry. But there are no developments in that regard. The first question was digital opportunities in windowing. I think it's safe to assume that the advent of more and more technology is going to result in more windows. We're already seeing some of that. But I don't want to be specific about which windows, I think, are going to develop first or which ones we're going to take advantage of. But what we're seeing in general in the world in more profound ways than we ever experienced is essentially a giant pop up digital media store. Not being -- that means that, particularly, with smart mobile devices, like the iPad, that suddenly the world is rich in opportunities for content providers to put their content in the hands of people anytime, anywhere. And the anytime, I guess, speaks to the windows, not just when people watch them on their own time, but when we make them available.
