Christine M. McCarthy: Hi, Alexia. It's Christine. I think the best way look at Consumer Products is we had given you the outlook that they were going to be down for this first fiscal quarter, and they in fact were. But we expected them to have growth for the year, but most of that would be back end loaded. And that is the case. So you should expect growth year-over-year for the second half, both third quarter and fourth quarter. The properties that are really going to contribute to that are going to be Cars and Spider-Man, and we expect that to be a strong back half of the year for Consumer Products.
Christine M. McCarthy: Yeah. The Parks, as you saw the margin, in my comments, 24.4% operating margin. That's not only for the domestic operations, but that's for the global segment. So they've done a really good job on many fronts. And very importantly is their cost control. That's been through ongoing cost initiatives throughout their businesses. And they've offset the normal increases that we would get through inflation and wage increases. So I think you can expect continued cost management in the Parks and continued strong margins.
Christine M. McCarthy: Anthony, on your drivers of the affiliate revenue in the quarter, as I said in my comments, the affiliate revenue growth was 4%. That was – rates impacted it by 7%. Subs were a two-point drag, and FX was a one point drag. And that's for Media Networks overall. And these trends are consistent with the trends that we've had in recent quarters, so it's really no change. On advertising, as it relates ESPN, the ad revenue was down 7% in the quarter. The biggest driver of that was the shift in the College Football Playoff games three into 2Q. You also had some ratings decline in SportsCenter, and that was in part due to fewer programming hours for SportsCenter. And also when talked about this last conference call for earnings was declines in Monday Night Football ratings. But when you look at 2Q pacings, they're up even when you adjust for the College Football Playoff, which did have the most significant impact in 1Q.
Christine M. McCarthy: So, Todd, to answer your question on pension. As you saw the first page of our press release in the first table we showed cash from operations. You saw it down pretty significantly from a year ago. But if you account for that, if you adjust for the $1.3 billion of pension contribution that we made in the quarter, it more than offsets that decline. You mentioned rising rates. And rising rates will definitely benefit our pension going forward. In our 10-Q we – I believe the 10-Q had explicitly stated that for each 100 basis point increase in the discount rate, our pension liability would decrease by about $2.4 billion. So that being said, rising rates are certainly going to benefit us. As it relates to pension expense for the year, we don't expect to change from what we had talked about in our last conference call. And after this $1.3 billion that we put in, in the first quarter, there shouldn't be any meaningful contributions for the balance of the year.
Christine M. McCarthy: Okay. On the parks, as you noted, we did have a lot of comparability factors and once again there is a lapping of the 60th, the Hurricane Matthew, and also the impact of the shift of holiday periods. We also, as was noted previously in the call, we did introduce seasonal pricing a year ago and we are seeing some shift in some of our demand to try to smooth attendance over those peak demand periods. So I don't think you should read too much into the attendance. Over the same period that you're noting, we've also seen strong increases in per cap spending. It was up 7% in the quarter, which we gave you. And so that's more than offset the impact of the attendance decline. And we also have some new offerings, as Bob mentioned, Avatar, there's also Guardians of the Galaxy coming this summer at Disneyland Resort in Anaheim. So we think these new offerings are going to stimulate future demand and I don't think you should read too much into this one quarter. On the change in payables, that decline is related to the pension plan contribution of $1.3 billion.
Robert A. Iger: Well, I think if you look at the record, Alexia, since we bought Pixar, which was a decade ago, we've made about 30 films under Pixar and Disney Animation because John Lasseter and Ed Catmull took over that, and then Marvel and then Star Wars or Lucasfilm. And those films have averaged about $900 million in global box office. So we're not – I'm sorry, about $800 million in global box office. So we don't think that there's a coincidence to this, and while obviously because we're dealing in a creative business there's risk associated. We think that we've done a really great job of de-risking the business. Then that's a combination of the franchises we have and obviously the stories that we're mining, but also the talent that we have at the company or that we are attracting to the company to make those films. And we have a lot of visibility into the early part of the next decade of the film slate. And we feel great about the projects that have been chosen and the progress that has been made on them.
Robert A. Iger: When I targeted 2018 as the year that I was going to leave the company, it was a very personal decision. But I think as you know, I've been with this company for 43 years, and I've actually been CEO for almost a dozen years. And I'm going to do what's in the best interest of this company, which is something the board's clearly going to help determine. And while I'm confident that my successor is going to be chosen on a timely basis and chosen well, if it's in the best interest of the company for me to extend my term, I'm open to that. But there's nothing specific to announce at this point. We have a good, strong succession process underway. The board's engaged in this, as I've said before, on a regular basis. And the absence of any announcements or specifics about it should in no way indicate otherwise.
Robert A. Iger: First of all, on Hulu, as you know they've announced they're going to launch an over-the-top MVPD service. They have not been specific about a date. It's in, I think, private beta and will go into I guess more broad beta relatively soon. They've negotiated deals with a variety of different program or channel owners. And so far in terms of what we've seen of the product, we're encouraged by it in terms of its user interface and actually have a lot of faith in it from a technological perspective as well. To the second part of the question, my confidence in ESPN is due to a number of things, but clearly the deals that we have done with new platform owners, mostly over-the-top, have already yielded some nice gains from those services in subs, but they're not right now being counted fully by Nielsen. We've also done a deal with Hulu. And we have done a deal with another entity that has not been announced, and we're in discussions with others. So it seems like we're on the cusp of some significant growth for new entrants in the multi-channel marketplace. And what we like about them is they are mobile friendly or mobile first, their user interfaces tend to be very strong, and their pricing is priced substantially lower than the expanded basic bundle that most of the MVPDs are offering. And that obviously we think gives us a chance to both attract consumers that may not sign-up for multi-channel service or hold consumers into multi-channel subscriptions. And then lastly, what's really important is the deals that we've negotiated for distribution, particularly for ESPN, are to be in all subs or all households launched. And so these are light packages that offer us 100% penetration from those packages. And so we think that this wave that we're seeing is really a signal of what is to come and what the future will be. And the other thing I think is really good about this is that if we end up with a world where the $40 to $50 a month package becomes more and more popular, that means that some consumers may obviously take the savings that they may have from that and spend it on other things or save it. It also could mean they spend it on other video services and some of those services are services that we might offer. When we talk about going with our own direct-to-consumer product, it is possible that the first product that goes into the marketplace will be in effect add-on or adjunct product that consumers can buy on top of what is their normal multi-channel package. So if the multi-channel package is less expensive, consumers, you could argue, could have more spendable income or more money to spend on other video services, whether it's Netflix, whether it's Hulu, or whether it's other Disney-owned products that we're selling direct to the consumer. I also want to say one other thing, Jessica. I mentioned it in my remarks, but I was at BAMTech a couple of weeks ago and the quality of that technology has just blown us away and the potential that we believe that has for us is enormous. As you know, we've invested so that we own a third, we have a path to control, we are extremely excited about the prospects of what BAM is going to be doing near-term. We will be launching a direct-to-consumer sports service sometime in probably calendar 2017, but we're also very excited about what the potential of this is long-term, both for the company and for third-parties who can use the product because the technological side of it is so strong in ways that are value enhancing for them as well.
Robert A. Iger: Well, one of the things that impressed me a lot from the BAMTech meeting that I had is what the potential is for them to use data to increase or to generate great revenue from advertising, something that we don't have today in part because a lot of our distribution comes through third-parties so we don't get access to that information.
Robert A. Iger: I'll take the second question, first, Ben. On Avatar Land, which, as I said earlier, will open on May 27. This is a very big land with an extremely unique design and architecture because it really does make you feel as though you're in Pandora, that great world that Jim Cameron created, and an E-ticket attraction that is unlike any E-ticket attraction that we've ever built. And it is sizable. The whole experience is sizable. And it is an add-on to Animal Kingdom, which has always been a good park but has never been a full-day experience. So we included or we added within the last year a nighttime Safari experience and some other entertainment. And by adding this, we're going to be turning what is our fourth gate, the last one to be opened in Orlando, into a much fuller experience and that gives it a lot of potential. It's also the biggest new land that we've opened in Florida in a very long time and I think that's good for the whole business down there. And to the extent that we can know this, we really believe that in the coming years, that the interest in Avatar is only going to grow as those movies enter the marketplace. And so we can't quantify it, but we think this is big potential. The first question, we don't really believe we need to make any acquisitions to accomplish what we need to do on the digital side. In reality, we believe that the best approach to doing well in a world that is disruptive, in a world that has far more digital distribution, is to have great content and tell great stories. And that includes ESPN, by the way. So if anything, I think the most important thing for ESPN is to continue to support and nurture their program offerings. Second to that, you have to be willing to either create or experience some disruption as we migrate from what has been a more traditionally distributed world to a more modern or more non-traditional distribution world. And some of that we're going to end up doing to ourselves, meaning we understand that there is disruption, but we believe we have to be a disruptor, too. And the investment in BAM, which is significant from a variety of different perspectives, is aimed at doing just that. And we have to be careful because we have existing agreements and existing relationships and a lot of value still being reaped from the traditional distribution relationships. But I can tell you that it is our full intent to go out there aggressively with digital offerings direct to the consumer for ESPN and other Disney-branded properties.
Robert A. Iger: Wow. Okay, multi-pronged question. BAMTech has already licensed a number of digital rights to sporting events, and we have licensed at ESPN a number of them. So we bring to the table a fair amount of rights that can be added to the rights that they have. And we're a minority shareholder right now, so I want to be careful, but our strong sense is as partners and as part owners is that we're going to continue to go out on behalf of the entity and license more content to that entity. But they're going to start off with, I think, a wide array of pretty attractive sports that come from both what they've licensed and what we've licensed. When you see it all together and some of the early, I'll call it, concepts, you realize that there's a lot there and a lot more than anyone else has. So I actually – and I think that there will be continued opportunities. In terms of distribution, do they need to enter into an agreement with a third-party entrant? I'll leave that to BAM ultimately to address, maybe at a time that they are ready to launch the product. I don't think it would be appropriate for me to speak on their behalf.
Robert A. Iger: Todd, first question on kids programming, you're right, we've seen a decline ratings-wise in kids viewing overall on linear channels. I don't want to speak for the industry, but I'll speak for Disney. And I think that's the result of a couple of things. One, I'll call it a bit of an off cycle in terms of programming; and two, a proliferation of kids programming in a variety of other places. To the first part of the answer, we have just debuted a show called Mickey Mouse Roadster Racers (sic) [Mickey and the Roadster Racers] (36:01) that's done extremely well. We have a Tangled series that's hitting soon and a lot of – and a product cycle over the next year to two years that we feel great about. And so we think that the ratings are likely to improve with the addition of some new shows that we think creatively are very strong. In addition to that, I think we stand a chance of doing really well no matter what the environment is from a disruption perspective because of that name, Disney, and what it means to the consumer. And I think that will result in a couple of things: greater demand for – to license our product on other direct-to-consumer platforms: Hulu, Netflix, examples of that. And also the possibility of us taking Disney-branded television programming direct to the consumer. That's what we're doing in the U.K. with DisneyLife. It's a combination of movies, television programming, and then other Disney properties like digital books and music, for instance. We're still in, what I'll call, an experimental stage, because we've been learning more and more about technology platform, churn rates, pricing, those sorts of things. But we do know that we have a brand and the product behind it to be able to take it direct-to-consumer. So I think as we look at the future of our kids programming, we look at it in all likelihood as probably a blend of linear channels, some third-party licensing arrangements and also direct-to-consumer properties. And this is not just for the United States. I had an interesting meeting with our country manager in India recently, where we own a number of channels. And he was talking about the opportunities there from Netflix and Amazon and discussing the possibility of licensing more to them. And the other thing, by the way, you have to think about is some of that licensing doesn't have to be off network. It could be original programming as we've done with Netflix and Marvel. So the demand for Disney is huge from the consumer perspective and from a distribution perspective. And again we're seeing I think a world where disruption is definitely on the table and real. But it's not something that we feel is daunting in terms of the task ahead.
Robert A. Iger: Yes. I have nothing to announce at this point, but we do take ticket pricing up on typically an annual basis and we do so in a variety of different ways. Sometimes it's redesign of packages. Remember that in Florida that most of our attendance is multi-day in nature, and so the single day including when we take pricing increases is less important than when we take single-day pricing up in California. But we're not prepared to make any specific comments about what's in store in that regard.
Robert A. Iger: I think that the ABC – on the ABC side, the reason there weren't as many units sold is that they were using units for audience efficiencies or make goods. I think that, in general, there's probably too much commercial interruption in television. It's a subject that has been discussed both on the ESPN front and on the ABC front and it's something we're going to continue to look at, particularly when you've got entrants in the marketplace that are offering programming that are not commercially interrupted.
Robert A. Iger: Well, I think there's a yes and no to that. I think it will be both. We don't see ourselves getting out of, what I'll call, the linear ESPN multi-channel service for a while. We do see ourselves, I mentioned, adding, through BAMTech, a direct-to-consumer proposition that will, in all likelihood, include a lot of sports and sports from some entities that we license content from for ESPN. Baseball is actually one example of that. I don't think it fundamentally changes the relationship. I guess it's in a way it creates a different form of partnership but I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing.
Robert A. Iger: Well, first of all, I am hooked on Starbucks, by the way. So maybe, I guess, I have fallen prey to that strategy. I just can't comment about pricing. It has been discussed with BAM, but I really can't comment about that. Nor can I comment about the specifics in terms of the time of launch except to say that the goal is to launch the program – I'm sorry – the platform sometime in 2017.
