Tammy Munsey: Good afternoon. It's my pleasure to welcome everyone to the Walt Disney Company's fourth quarter 2021 earnings call. Our press release was issued about 25 minutes ago and is available on our website at www. disney. com/investors. Today's call is also being webcast and we'll post a transcript of this call to our website. Joining me remotely today are Bob Chapek, Disney's Chief Executive Officer, and Christine McCarthy, Senior Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Following comments from Bob and Christine, we'll of course, be happy to take some of your questions. So with that, let me turn the call over to Bob to get started.
Tammy Munsey: Thanks, Christine. As we transition to the Q&A, let me know that since we are not physically together this afternoon, I will do my best to moderate the Q&A by directing your questions to the appropriate executive. And with that Jonathan, we're ready for the first question.
Tammy Munsey: Thank you, Jessica. Bob, why don't you address sports betting and Christine can talk about advertising.
Tammy Munsey: Jessica, thanks for the question. I want to thank everyone for joining us today. Note that a reconciliation of non-GAAP measures that were referred to on this call to equivalent GAAP measures can be found on our investor relations website. Let me also remind you that certain statements on this call, including financial  or statements about our plans, expectations, beliefs, or business prospects, and other statements that are not historical in nature may constitute forward-looking statements under the securities laws. We make these statements on the basis of our views and assumptions regarding future events and business performance at the time we make them, and we do not undertake any obligation to update these statements.  Forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from the results expressed or implied in light of a variety of factors, including factors contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. We want to thank everyone for joining us today. Hope you have a good rest of the day.
Christine Mccarthy: Thanks, Bob. And thanks, Ben. I'm glad you asked the question on Parks expenses. And I know you know this business well, but just for the benefit of some others that maybe newer to following Disney. Let's remember that the Parks expenses are in 3 buckets, fixed, which is quite substantial, semi-fixed, and variable. So variable was where we were really able to make some adjustments during COVID. But the other fixed and semi-fixed buckets are ones that we have to carry on regardless of the operating environment that we found ourselves in. So as we come back online, we've also done a lot of work on fundamentally changing some of the ways we've have done business on both the revenue side and the cost side to optimize margins. What you see this fourth quarter is an overall margin for the global business, for DPEP, a little under 12%, and that's well below our pre - COVID levels.  I've said this before and I'll say it again, that I believe that we will get not only back too, but have high probability of exceeding those previous margin levels in our parks because of some of the things we've done. We're using date-based pricing. We're strategically managing attendance. We do have some promotional offers that are really meant to balance yield with the demand, given capacity on any given day or week during the year. And on the cost efficiency side, we really made some improvements, not only to the cost side, but also that improves the guest experience. So those are things like the mobile food ordering that we have, a lot of people who have been to our parks since we reopened really enjoyed that. There's contactless check-ins at our hotels; lots of people enjoy that as well. We have virtual queues for selected attractions, and we're once again really looking at even physical park improvements that allow for better guests movement throughout the Parks.  So while these margins will remain impacted, while we are still operating under capacity constraints, again, we believe over the long term that these fundamental changes are going to yield -- are going to result in higher margins overall. So thanks for asking that question. And the other thing I would say is, Bob mentioned, Genie. Genie we have launched in Walt Disney World. We have not yet launched it in Disneyland. And I think when we have that exposure to the Disneyland, people who come to visit Disneyland -- the response will be as strong if not stronger. Thanks.
Christine Mccarthy: Thanks, Alexia, for your question on Hotstar ARPU. Just to make something very clear, the Disney+ Hotstar is included in our overall Disney+ guidance that we reiterate to be profitable in 2024. So I just want to make sure that everyone understands that. But as it relates to ARPU specifically, there's been a lot of noise in the Indian market, a lot of which has been around sport. So when you look at the ARPU for Hotstar on a linked quarter basis from Q3 to Q4 this year, it actually decreased, and that was a result of lower per sub advertising revenue because there were fewer IPL matches this year. In Q4, there were only 18, and I believe the number was 29-ish in Q3. So you had a linked-quarter reduction in games, therefore lower subscriber advertising revenue. And when we think about ARPU overall, there's several levers here. There is a price value relationship over time, high-quality content. And the content in India is really 2 things. It's not only the IPL, but other key sports like Beyond Cricket.  So you have things like the English Premier League and . And also there's a big general entertainment component. We have all of our Disney+ content over there for all the different labels that we have, Disney Pixar, Marvel, Star Wars, and so on. But they also have over 18,000 hours of original local programming that is produced every year. So once again, I think the upside potential as when all things are working, also cylinders are working and we'll be able to take price up as the market allows.
Christine Mccarthy: Thanks, Bob. Hi, Michael. I think you asked a question that's on the minds of every CFO and every senior management team of companies out there. Inflationary pressures are something we are all looking at and trying to assess, and think about how do we manage through it. This is also one that -- I just mentioned, we've already experienced in some parts of our business. So over the past year or so, we've talked about the increase in the price of content. You see the content, that because of just the competition for talent for everything that's involved in productions, content costs have gone up. Where we see it directly in our parks business is primarily through the hourly wage inflation that we've seen through contact -- contract renegotiation in our commitment to paying our park workers well.  And then we have things on the cost of goods side and it's interesting -- just last week maybe it was -- just last week I was talking to our Parks Senior Team about things we could do there, and there are lots of things that are worth talking about. We can adjust suppliers, we can substitute products, we can cut portion size which is probably good for some people's waistlines. We can look at pricing where necessary, but we aren't going to go just straight up across an increased prices. We're really going to try to get the algorithm right to cut where we can and not necessarily do things the same way.  As I mentioned, we're also using technology to reduce some of our operating costs, and that gives us a little bit of headroom also to absorb some inflation. But we're really trying to use our heads here to come up with a way to kind of mitigate some of these challenges that we have. It's a great question, and I'm sure it's one that you could ask every single Company in your coverage universe. Thanks.
Christine Mccarthy: Okay. I'll take the advertising question, Jessica. So overall, the ad market is strong across our entire DMED portfolio. And the sports market is strong, and it's really being driven by football at both the college and professional level, NHL and the NBA. We are seeing some impact from supply chain issues impacting certain sales categories than the 2 that I would just call out are autos in technology and those are for obvious reasons that we all know about, the chip shortage. On Hulu specifically, we're really pleased with the advertising demand we've seen for Hulu. And we believe the overall addressable market in the U.S. market will continue to grow. Hulu, we believe also has some real strategic advantages in this space.  We've got a great slate of premium content and we've developed the ability to use our data to offer that targeting advertising, that advertisers really desire. And we also have a purpose built and unified ad platform. I mentioned this last quarter, but that's really helped us grow in addressable advertising. So we'll continue to make investments in technologies that are going to allow us to continue to exploit this advertising that we see on Hulu. And it's automating the sales process with programmatic, and advertisers self-service channels that we think are really going to continue to show good growth. So we expect advertising to continue to be an important driver of Hulu revenues going forward. Thanks.
