James Rasulo: Yes. The World Cup numbers, and we're after the -- in fact, impacted the second half of the quarter and we're after the pacing's data that we gave as of the call, Michael, which explains the difference.
James Rasulo: Let me start with your margin question. The reported margin numbers don't reflect obviously a lot of things that we have coming online for which we are experiencing launch costs and pre-revenue costs. And the list is: the Aulani resort, the things they're coming on in DCA, some spending behind our next-generation work in Florida, and believe it or not, some expenses against the Shanghai project, which of course we won't see revenue on for years and years. So if you actually -- I mentioned 40 basis points, if you actually add back those factors, it's about another 100 basis points in margin growth in the quarter. So I've said for a long time that yes, other things you mentioned like pension and so on are all part of the equation. But we don't see any reason why when these projects are coming in at their long-term revenue versus costs equation that we won't be able to get back to the kinds of margins we've seen historically.
James Rasulo: Yes. I'm not going to predict margins, Ben, for the quarter. But there are a couple of factors in place that we think are strategic that are contributing to those cost increases, namely building Disney HD as well as XD, as well as Disney Jr. And then some of the contractual cost increases that I mentioned that go along with the new football deals and so on -- I mean the increased football cost, as well as the Longhorn Network and so on and so forth. So I won't predict margins, but I will tell you that those, plus some additional new program in ABC Family will have an impact on the quarter, but we consider those very strategic investments in the building of these networks and believe they'll have returns.
James Rasulo: Yes. I said -- maybe I misstated it, but just to restate it, we said that bookings were pacing down 2% in terms of volume but up mid-single digits in terms of price. And remember when -- fourth quarter is our peak quarter. And our peak quarter a year ago probably did not see the kind of discounting that we saw in the third quarter. So when you look at growing your rates in peak periods is always a little more challenging.
James Rasulo: Yes. I don't think we want to predict when that business is going to stabilize, Doug. But we are very encouraged by the first full quarter of the Dream already being accretive to our margins. So we remain a relatively small, I would call it, boutique cruise line, and it shouldn't take forever for us to absorb that capacity.
James Rasulo: I guess like everyone else, we'll have to wait and see. But pension rates return have been pretty low for a while. We in fact, in the past quarter you'll see in our balance sheet and cash flow statement the reflection of a bit of a buy down of our pension liability because it was so incredibly cheap for us to borrow money that we took advantage of that borrowing to buy down that liability a bit. But I think it's something we'll carefully manage. Obviously the growth in medical and post-retirement medical costs is something that we are keenly aware of, have been dealing with now like a lot of companies for a number of years, but not something that we feel will either get out of control or will we be inclined to let it get out of control in terms of downdraft.
James Rasulo: I wouldn't read too much, John, into the timing of the price increase. There's a lot of moving parts there. We generally increase in the course of the summer. Last couple of years, it's been a little later in the summer, but I wouldn't read a whole lot into that. What I will say is that whether you look at in-park spending or a per room spending, we are seeing the kind of trends that we strategically set ourselves up to see, which is to reduce broad-based discounting, use promotions selectively to fill the trough weeks that occur in every quarter of every year, whether it's a high water year or a low water year. And the net result of that is that across the board, our revenue per guest is up at our theme parks, and we continue to see that moving into Q4.
James Rasulo: Well as you know, we've done a number of deals that have been announced out there. We've got over the next 3 to 4 years some very big deals coming up. So I guess I would call the visibility partial. The deals that we've already locked in obviously and what their growth rates are, and the unknowns of deals that we don't have. So I don't know how to fully answer your question, but that's what the insight I can give you.
James Rasulo: No, I don't want to get into the details of the timing there. But they're big deals and they're hard to keep secret when they're in play. You'll know about it when it's happening.
James Rasulo: David, in answer to your other question, there hasn't been an appreciable change in the way that rooms have booked up from what you described and what I described. I will say from -- but I will give you this insight, in Q3 from a rate perspective, whereas rates were up across the board, they were up significantly more in the value and moderate segment than they were in the higher-end segments, as you might expect when you're coming off an economic downturn. That people at the end of the economic spectrum are going to be the ones that could not come and that they kind of rushed to it when they can. In terms of the booking window, we've lengthened about a week over the last 5 or 6 months from 13 weeks to 14 weeks on an average booking. You can read into that what you will -- I'm not sure there's a giant statistical difference between the 2, to be honest with you.
Robert Iger: And you also have to consider, Spencer, and Jay covered this a bit, but just to reiterate, our parks' footprint globally is simply bigger with more lands, more attractions, more resorts. There are going to be increased costs. I think it's right to look at margins versus costs because we simply are going to be running a bigger and bigger business. On the second part of your question, if the economy weakens, will we reconsider promotion strategy, yes. At some point, we might. We take a look at what impact a weakening economy has on us. As I mentioned at the beginning of my comments, so far, in the last few days, we haven't really seen that much of a change. Now we're currently selling basically a shoulder period mostly, which is the fall, where there is some discounting. Anyway, we'll take a look at holiday bookings as the year progresses. It's way too early to predict whether we'd be discounting or not. But my gut is based on the trends that we've seen this past year that it's not something I think we'll necessarily have to do quickly.
Robert Iger: Well, I think we'll continue to watch trends. I don't think they've necessarily been heading in any more positive direction. I think the attention that we're paying right now, the cost is more in the production of films than necessarily in the structure of the studio. And it's our intention to take a very careful look at what films cost. And if we can't get them to a level that we're comfortable with, we think that we're better off actually reducing the size of our slate than making films that are bigger and increasingly more risky.
Robert Iger: The second part of the question first. You're right in your assessment of the flow-through because there isn't a pass along to any sports leagues through ABC, that we've weaned ABC of expensive and relatively risky sports properties. And therefore, it's our goal and aim to basically maintain that strategy and to take whatever increased revenues we get from retransmission consent or what I'll call affiliate fees to the bottom line. It's solidifying basically, and I guess, improving way to manage that business. On the first part, the double-digit returns on invested capital on the cruise ships, it's basically -- our experience with the 2 ships that were launched in the '90s have been double digit. And so far, in terms of the Dream, we believe that we'll be able to maintain that same double-digit returns or mid-teens returns for the new ship, and then hopefully for the Fantasy, which comes on board next year, over time.
Robert Iger: I think we have a pretty interesting opportunity here, and that is to in effect have our cake and eat it too, which is a means of saying that with a pretty aggressive approach to authentication, reflected already in deals that we've made that have been long term for ESPN, we can incentivize customers to either sign up with or stick with multichannel distributors. At the same time, we can offer the multichannel distributor packages with new elements to the ESPN package that will enable them to sell expanded packages to their customers, which has the affect of really 2 things: one, raising more revenue; and two, providing the customer with an even broader array of sports and sports-related material. I mentioned the Wimbledon deal. ESPN has created the technology to offer just about every match, I think maybe every match, that would be played at Wimbledon over a 2-week period of time, and may have the ability to offer that to distributors, which gives distributors an opportunity to offer a broader array of services to their customer. I guess it's a means of my saying that in this case the relationship that we have with the distributors is a very valuable one, and it's one that we aim to respect by both protecting what we currently have and determining or figuring out ways that we can expand on it.
Robert Iger: Well we own roughly 50% of what is essentially India's largest film company. And as we look at that market, Jessica, we believe that there's some great opportunities for growth for this company as not only the market expands, particularly with new technology, but as it becomes even more hospitable basically to foreign investment. And so, what we've done is we've actually made an offer to buy out the public, and also buy out our partner, which is going through now basically a process in India, essentially a regulatory process, as well as the typical process that you'd go through if you are essentially tendering shares. Our view on this, by the way, is not only about the long-term prospects for India, but it's pretty consistent with what role M&A plays in our overall capital deployment. I know that Jay talked about this back in February when we had our investor meeting, but we decided to take an even closer look at it since that meeting. And we determined that between fiscal '06 and 2010, we deployed about $13 billion for acquisitions. And we now estimate that 90% of that capital was allocated toward acquisitions that are creating value for the company. What I mean by that is deals, which our rate of return exceed the cost of capital. And so we now estimate that the businesses that we acquired for $13 billion represent about $23 billion in enterprise value. So our M&A strategy has clearly worked. By the way, when we look at enterprise value, we're looking at the value to the company in many ways. Pixar, a great example of that and the huge impact it's had on the Disney brand, as a for instance. So we're going to continue to deploy capital in this direction. We like growth in international markets, I mentioned Shanghai earlier. India clearly is another example of a high-growth market that we think investing in at least in today's world is a smart move.
Robert Iger: Well we're in discussions with Netflix and with a number of other entities in the space. And I think it's likely that we will make more deals in this space. Our overall approach of late has been to make deals that increase revenue, while at the same time, protect and respect basically the multichannel or the channel distribution value that we see today. And so, we're looking at deals that are largely library in nature, meaning very little if any content that would be in season, mostly prior season. But also, trying to build into at least some of these deals, some form of authentication, not necessarily in the ones that you described, but in ones that it will allow access to our programming faster or in a more aggressive window, if the customer is a multichannel subscriber. I think it's a means of growing the business. There's clearly a thirst for film and entertainment, in particular branded, high-quality entertainment. And what we're seeing I think stimulated in part by not only higher connectivity speeds, but significant development in mobile technology, particularly tablets. And we're looking at platforms that are emerging that are creating all kinds of new business opportunities for content providers.
Robert Iger: We have, as far as I can tell, anyway, the most valuable array of characters in the world. When you consider Marvel and Pixar and Disney, to name a few, and Muppets, by the way, it's interesting we continue to create value or mine value from those that we have. I mentioned The Avengers. I mentioned Muppets. I mentioned Phineas and Ferb on the Disney Channel. I mean there's a constant, basically, either refreshment of characters that we've got or invention of new ones here. So we don't have what I'd call a strategic hole, but we've looked expansively at opportunities across the world to buy either new characters or businesses that are capable of creating great characters and great stories for those characters. Marvel's a great example of that. And we'll continue to do that. But because there isn't a great strategic hole to fill, we've got so many already, it will be judicious in what we'd be willing to pay for them.
Robert Iger: We also think that investment like the kind that we talked about earlier, does enable more price elasticity. So when you look at the kind of investment that we're making in California Adventure, it's not just a fix, what as I said, was perceived to be and rightfully so a miss creatively or a whole, it's to enable more price elasticity. We're adding not only capacity, but we're adding significant amount of fairly attractive experiences or attractions, which gives us the ability to price a little bit more aggressively, sometimes even in tough markets.
Robert Iger: The answer is we don't. The only authentication deals we've done today are for ESPN. We fully expect and plan to do authentication deals for our other networks as well, but we haven't cut any to date. I will say, one thing you mentioned in your question, David, I don't think we'll make long-term deals for the content, because I think the world is changing too much. But you are right in your assessment that we'll basically push the window back or make access to the programming more difficult or later, except if customers are authenticated as a subscriber. And I think you'll see over the next few years a lot of deals done that enable this. We now have to hope that not only is the technology improves that enables authentication, but that the whole user experience gets better. This is a for instance. There have been over 2.5 million downloads of the Watch ESPN app. And a lot of people downloaded it, but they were subscribers to services that hadn't cut authentication deals with us yet. But even where there were subscribers to services that had cut authentication deals, the user experience still could be better. It needs improve. So I think this is kind of a developing situation. I think it's very exciting because of what it provides us, what it provides to the distributor and what it provides to the consumer, but you're still at the beginning of the beginning on this.
Robert Iger: David, I'm not prepared to give you much detail on the nature of the deals that we struck with our affiliates. I can say that there are different facets to them that create some leeway in terms of how the deals are cut with the distributors. But I just don't want to get into detail about those. But so far, ABC's made a tremendous amount of progress. I think it's reflective of the fact that these stations that we don't own recognize the fact that the world indeed has changed. And while they all are encouraged by the retransmission set [ph] Fees coming and becoming more and more real, they also realize that a lot of the value created comes from the programming that the network provides them. And that's why...
