Ralph Izzo: Hi, Jeremy. Yes, I think our message has been pretty consistent on this, that we look at the returns and that could come from these projects and it’s just upon them being above our regulated opportunities. The nature of the relationship with the state is that the commercial risk is minimized by virtue of the fixed price with escalators, but this clearly operational construction risk that would exceed what we’re normally accustomed to in the utility. So we look at the earnings accretion potential in those returns and we haven’t given a specific number except to say that they have to be higher than the utility. And we’re pleased that we think it’s a regional opportunity for us, the state’s committed to going forward. I will say there’s been a lot of discussion around this topic of late, and it just feels like some of the enthusiasm and exuberance for this that we questioned early on has been tamped down a bit, but over that period of time, we’ve learned a lot more about the capabilities and skills of our partner, and we’ve learned a lot more about the commitment of other states and the development of the supply chain. Some of the regulatory hurdles that have been eased by virtue of some state actions and some federal actions. So our initial early caution has actually been diminished and it feels like the lines are converging in terms of what the return expectations are from these projects. But suffice to say that we do have an internal set target, and we’ll be disciplined about making sure that we exceed that.
Ralph Izzo: I do. I mean I think we’re all right now in a little bit of a holding pattern. Clearly, there are current events that are superseding build back better and issues around energy policy. I do think, however, though, the current events are going to motivate additional conversation around energy policy and how comfortable are we as a nation with sort of the increased globalization of gas prices, right? I mean gas markets used to be very, very regional, very tightly priced. And clearly, some of the dependency that our allies in Europe have on Russian gas is going to be a factor in LNG exports, which is going to be a factor in prices here in the U.S. So I think we have a new dynamic that over the long-term has a positive read through to our nuclear fleet and to renewable energy. The near-term is going to be a little bit tougher to predict. But I think in general, I’m optimistic that the provisions that were first motivated by climate change and now I think can also be motivated by energy security are both positive forces for us.
Ralph Izzo: So Shar, it’s good to hear from you. I’m going to ask you to have a little bit of patience with us as we focus on that question. And the reality is we’re going to let our investors determine, who the logical owner of nuclear is in the future. Our priority is right now the continued outstanding operations that we’ve realized. And Dan talked about a 92% capacity. In fact, I think it was 91.9%. I can’t re-round those numbers up. And we just talked to Jeremy about the importance of nuclear from a climate change and energy security point of view. I think I’m confident we can resolve those issues, if not at the federal level, certainly at the New Jersey state level within the calendar year. And once that’s done, if PSE&G doesn’t get the kind of recognition that it deserves, that I believe it deserves in the market, co-located with nuclear, then I think the market will really be signaling us that maybe we’re not the natural owners of it. But there’s a couple of things that I want to get done before we jump to any conclusions, because it is a well-run operation that contributes to earnings and is a fairly steady earnings producer. I mean, it’s not – we’re not hedging the spark spread here. We’re not following full requirements to load contracts. We’re a base load generator that can be hedged pretty comfortably over a three-year period, and be part of a fairly stable earnings stream. But as is often the case with us, we pay very careful attention to what the market and our investors are telling us. And I will give you a more definitive answer to that in the not-too-distant future, but right now, we’ve got just a couple of tasks ahead of us that we want to resolve.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, nothing brand-new there, Shar. I think it’s safe to say, though, that we have a series of conversations underway that are related to Ocean Wind 2, Skipjack, potential further upside in Ocean Wind 1 and they all fall into this notion of what are the return expectations that can be derived from each of those.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. I mean there's always that opportunity, right. Paul, you never say never, I just said never. I mean, we monetized the social – the solar assets that we had 400-plus megawatts. So that could be something. I think it's premature to monetize something that still has a pretty robust growth trajectory and is right in our regional wheelhouse and has some enormous potential from a transmission point of view.  But yes, I mean, we would always be open to that. I mean our core business is the regulated utility. It's beyond core. It's the dominant part of our business, right, 90%. But folks always know we're open to inquiries that enhance shareholder value.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So the short answer to that is I don't know. I mean, the BPU has always prided itself on transparency and visibility and public outreach. So that would lead me to say, yes. But I think so little will be known just coming out of PJM in terms of the other criteria that the BPU may want to apply that would lead me to say, no, that it would be too premature. So the most accurate answer is we just don't know. We have some vague dates that have been given to us. We do know that the BPU wants to get this done before the next solicitation, which goes out, I think, in the third quarter. And so if you want people to bid an offshore wind farm based upon knowledge of what they might have by way of transmission assets, then that would argue for Q3 results from the BPU. But there's a lot of flexibility built into the SAA approach that allows the BPU to take advantage of the transmission proposals or not, depending upon what the ultimate wind farm there is that gets proposed.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So I mean I think we have a less than 1% projected growth rate for electric sales. We're going to do our best to turn that into a negative number. Because, again, our business is not predicated on electric sales. It's predicated on electric value and with an aging infrastructure that cannot meet the challenges of today's weather patterns or today's customer expectations. We have a huge task ahead of us of replacing that aging infrastructure. And the customer side of the meter, there's a huge opportunity set for us in the point of view of customer bills and climate change impact. And again, this isn't Foo Foo Dust. I mean, the way in which we continue to make money off these infrastructure investments is by basically sharing the fuel cost savings with our customers, but we're not the fuel business. So that's a real win-win for us and our customers.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, that was driven by – you may recall, because of the delays in PJM capacity auctions. There was an assumed capacity price that was in prior BGS auctions that ended up being much higher than what the actual capacity price turned out to be.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. Yes. So by the way, that 2.8% bill impact was by way of reminder, that's a residential number. It obviously varies by rate cost. I think – we've now had three spirited conversations about the importance of nuclear in New Jersey in the last four years. We had the creation of the legislation for the ZECs and we had two rounds of ZECs. And my sense from policy leaders, both elected officials, regulators, key staff members, is we need these plants to run at least until 2050, which is actually beyond the current license. And asking ourselves that question every three years, the sentiments are it just sort of being and nobody really has that in them. So there's very much a strong desire to expand the duration of the support. There's an equally strong desire to see what happens at the Federal level, however, before one acts on that. Yes, just a simple thing to think about, Jonathan, I won't take all with this is, right now, the New Jersey legislation says, if its Federal money for the carbon attributes of nuclear than the state ZEC support goes down. Well, if you were to take the proposed production tax credit, as it was originally envisioned, and build back better, what that would mean is that as power prices went up, the state ZEC dollars would go down, would go up, I'm sorry, because the Federal money goes down as power prices go up. So power prices rise, state increases its ZEC contribution. Power prices go down, state decreases its ZEC contribution. That's exactly the opposite of good public policy, right? So hopefully, I didn't confuse you with that, but I'm sure that we can clarify further if need be. The point is that the state policy should be working in partnership with whatever the Federal policy is, and that's not been established as yet.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. No, we've already started those conversations, and we would – of course, we would follow the lead of our legislators and our governor, but we would encourage action sometime this year to certainly begin in anticipation of what a Federal outcome might look like. But hopefully, we would be able to initiate that action based upon Federal resolution. It's just tough to estimate what a Federal calendar might look like in light of the very complex set of issues facing us in Washington right now.
Ralph Izzo: That's exactly right. Look, the reality is people have already expressed an interest in our nuclear plants, and they're outstanding assets. The issue is how do you firm up the longer-term economic treatment beyond a three-year time frame. And I think we're the ones who are best positioned to do that, whether with a natural owner or somebody else's. And that's what we're hard at work to resolve right now.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. Julien, I think on the – we haven't given a precise number with respect to where things would go. I think if you think about where the credit metrics moved from the standpoint of with and without fossil, I think that there's probably increment in that same direction with respect to nuclear. And so I think there has not been a firm number that we put out, but I think you would become even more regulated and that would be positive from a credit perspective. And I don't think there's an accretion dilution answer to give you necessarily. I mean, we would take a look at the overall value, the accretion dilution on the ground, but also the valuation of the company that Ralph was talking about before. So we look at both of those aspects with respect to what we've been doing in that situation.
Ralph Izzo: We've had a pretty good track record of resolving these issues through settlement process, and that would be my prediction here again, Julien. So – but you can never guarantee that. But we're proposing to do things that are completely consistent with the state energy master plan. That is a huge social justice component associated with it in terms of job creation for underemployed members of our community. So I really think it's a perfect fit for things that the state has said it wants to do. So I would be very surprised if we couldn't settle something eventually, but can't guarantee it.
Ralph Izzo: Okay. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us. Hopefully, you've gotten the information you need. But I know from Carlotta and Dan, that we will be on the road at a couple of major conferences coming up in the next few days, and we'll be more than happy to meet with folks and provide greater clarity. But at the end of the day, I just can't help but overemphasize, we are well on track to deliver on what we promised we would deliver last September. The dividend increase is in place. The share repurchase program is well underway. The growth rate is intact. And we are 90% regulated utility and another the 10% is basically a contract on Long Island, strong nuclear operations and an ongoing gas supply contribution. So we're excited about the opportunities and prospects going forward in terms of the utility capital program being the underlying driver of our growth. But the additional augmented opportunities that may come from regional offshore wind, all under a very, very strong balance sheet that is in the – as far as the eye can see, not in need of additional equity. So – we can provide more color when we see you in person, and we look forward to that opportunity. Thank you all. Have a safe and good day.
Dan Cregg: Yes. And maybe we’re following accounting a little bit. But if you think about what’s in that $15 billion to $17 billion, you do not have the Ocean Wind 1 investment in there. That’s going to be accounted for as an equity interest in a joint venture. So it is separate and apart from that $15 billion to $17 billion, Shar. And I would say the same with the Ocean Wind Link there. There’s some modest dollars you can think about from the standpoint of the onshore infrastructure that would be necessary that is going to support offshore wind more generally. But the Ocean Wind Link spending – think about offshore wind as being outside of that $15 billion to $17 billion.
Dan Cregg: Yes. Paul, just what Ralph is referencing is as we went into this upsize of the energy efficiency program in conjunction with the state, I mean it's about a tenfold increase in our investment amount. And so it was increasingly important at that point to ensure that lost revenues from those sales did not create a disincentive with respect to the program. So that's when this conservation center program went in place that essentially separated the sales volumes and the revenue that we see from the volume of the product that we sell.  And so that all made sense to get all of the incentives aligned, but it also dampened the implications to us from the standpoint of what sales are. It's more about numbers of customers than it is about actual sales volumes.
Dan Cregg: Yes. And Jon, another thing maybe to think a little bit about is that there's been: number one, I think that the support for nuclear as we've gone through these various stages that Ralph talked about, has grown over time and what support was there is cemented, and I think others have come on to be more supportive. And it founded its way through ZEC 1, ZEC 2. Well, the ZEC 3 process that I think is a little bit torturous to work our way through and everybody involved has commented on that. Frankly, it starts barely early on within 2023 and so I think that not wanting to go through another one of those shorter-term determinations and trying to go to a longer-term solution, could inspire some action before that starts, and that starts into – at the end of the first quarter of 2023, if I'm not mistaken. So there is an outside data out there with respect to trying to get something done before to avoid the next cycle, three years and moving on to a longer-term solution.
Dan Cregg: Not having that precise number in front of you, I'll make you wait for that. But you can think of it more as being a 2022 than a 2021 event.
Daniel Cregg: Yes. I think that's a reasonable number to use on a go-forward basis. It's if we look back over time and forward, you're kind of in that ballpark. That's a reasonable assumption, David.
Daniel Cregg: We haven't put a firm data out there, but I think our language that we said was in the near future. And so I would think about it fairly near term.
Daniel Cregg: Yes. Sophia, I think that the mechanisms that New Jersey uses leaves us some pretty good stead with respect to what you're seeing here. And it works both ways. So we've seen commodity prices come down over time, and the mechanisms at a slower kick in of some of those reductions, which they have seen. And when you see spikes in time, the impact similarly are going to be slower to find their way to the bill. And frankly, the duration of those spikes might be such that they don't find their way on the bill. And what I mean by that one is, if you think about the BGS auction that we referenced earlier that just happened, that was a re-up of one-third of the obligation to customers for three years with the other two-thirds being based upon the last two year auctions. And so those auctions happen once a year in February, starting in June. So the – depending upon what you see from a pricing impact and how long it lasts, you'll either see one-third of the supply side move through over time and increase or to the extent that you have shorter-term perturbations that don't get bid into that February auction, you won't see it at all. So we talked about an overall reduction from the most recent auction. And again, that was driven by the update to the capacity prices going from using a prior price to using what the actual prices actually were and that true-up was a big driver in bringing that build down. On the gas side, we can implement 5% increases to the bill, and we have done that as we have stepped through time. But in the overall scheme of things, those are limited in how they get moved through. So I think you don't see spikes on customer bills. You tend to see things get moderated by virtue of the mechanisms that have been put in place, which I think are very helpful from that perspective. And if you do see longer-term changes in prices, that's when you're going to start to see things move its way through the bill.
