Ralph Izzo: Thanks Caroline. A few points to highlight. In conversations with many of you we have heard concern expressed about transmission and we’ve heard concern about migration and the impact on Power’s margins. We hope that we’ve answered your questions surrounding transmission. Now, while it isn’t easy to build these lines, we’re committed to investing in the projects that will improve the reliability of our system, and as you can see it remains the single largest capital program for PSE&G. We’ve also provided you with some guidance around the potential impact of migration on our results. While we’re not pleased with the associated loss of margin, the more fundamental concern is the forward price of natural gas and its effect on electricity prices. And candidly we’re pleased to see some of you have addressed this issue in your forecast. Now, while we aren’t immune to declining prices, we are working to mitigate the impact through cost control where we can and through growth investment. So now we’ll open up the lines for your questions.
Ralph Izzo: Dan, there is multiple approval processes. So it starts with designation by PJM that is in the RTEP, the Regional Transmission Expansion Plan, and it’s safe to conclude that all of these projects are in the RTEP in all of this expenditure level. Then there is the rate treatment at FERC. And as you know we have a macro level formula rate treatment at FERC, some of the projects receive a different level of formula rate treatment, incentive adders, construction work-in-progress. We’ve received that – those two for Susquehanna-Roseland. We had received that for Branchburg-Roseland-Hudson when it was 500-kilovolt project. Now that’s has been redone, we’re back at FERC to talk to them about the returns and that will be granted. As you see, as I go down this path of what approvals you need, the path gets wider and wider with many more branches and tributaries off of it. The widest set of branches and tributaries are of course the environmental approvals and the sighting approvals, which I just don’t have the information on my fingertips about what each of these projects are still lacking. Clearly for Susquehanna-Roseland as we’ve disclosed in the past, we’re working with the National Park Service towards a 2012 approval date there.
Ralph Izzo: Higher for a simple reason that – well, first of all, we made a lot of progress on SR, and we now know what the obstacles are, and that’s resulted in delay. But probably more importantly all the other projects are 230 KV and below and many of them are underground, and they don’t engender the kind of sighting opposition that 500 KV aboveground project’s engender.
Ralph Izzo: It depends on how you define big in profile. I would say that 500 KV is the one that attracts the greatest attention and that would be Susquehanna-Roseland. Now the next step below that is 230 KV for our system that’s Branchburg-Roseland-Hudson. But that’s – a large part of that is an underground construction. So an underground tends to not attract the same amount of concern, because it’s underground. I’m sorry, I didn’t know how else to complete that sentence. So, I’d say the one that’s still the primary focus of attention is Susquehanna-Roseland.
Ralph Izzo: That’s right. All of this transmission gets formula rate treatment just the big projects gets seawhip [ph] and right now the only one that’s approved for seawhip [ph] is SR. So the logic being of course that the smaller projects go in service much more quickly, so the formula rate treatment gets you as closer to contemporary returns for fields they need to get you.
Ralph Izzo: We are right and you can respect – in fact, we are right in the middle of a sales process now. So we couldn’t even come close remarking on that question in terms of what we expect the size of proceeds. In terms of the use of proceeds, if we sell and we are exploring the sales that we are not sure, we think we have some good opportunities to deploy capital – those surprises in there, it’s what you have been hearing from us and we have a large capital program and utility with a nearly 10% CAGR associated with it and there is some opportunities perhaps revisit some of those programs and expand them. Our infrastructure is not getting any younger and we have found some opportunities in Holdings with some attractive terms and conditions with creditworthy counterparties with new PPAs on the renewable side. We have some peakers we are building in Power, some upgrades in our nuclear plants that we are looking at that are now within the planning horizon. So we think we have some good opportunities in our core business to deploy that capital, if we have to.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you by the way for recognizing the condition of the balance sheet, we are proud of that, we worked hard for four years now at least to get it to where it is and we are pleased with that condition. Most of our long investors tell us, look, we look that you find good ways to deploy capital and if you can get attractive risk adjusted returns, then we want you to use it in that way. So we are obviously disclosing to you the things that we have a high degree of confidence we can invest in. What I was trying to say earlier to Paul was that there are many things like that we consider all the time, some of them we shred the paper and say, no, that one didn’t pan up to where we want. But there are others that are percolating that all organic in nature that we like and we think we can put that money to good use. So I would rather grow the business with attractive risk adjusted returns and create a positive MVP investment for our shareholders than something that just as a zero MVP.
Ralph Izzo: So there were two issues in particular. One related to a tariff rate, a tower had pertaining to gas purchases, I guess we’re about to disclose in the Q, so I shouldn’t run that where that stands but we have been in settlement discussions and we’ll have a little bit more color on that in the Q, sufficed to say that there was a prior published date of October 25th when the hearings would take place and you can go to the BP (ph) website to see that those hearings have not taken plane and derive your own conclusions from that. The second issue is on consolidated taxes and there have been series of extensions that have been granted to us to file for a full blown proceeding on consolidated tractions. And how those are applied not just to us but to all utilities in New Jersey inclusive of water utilities and gas utilities. So that’s still in the regulatory calendar being pushed off a bit.
Ralph Izzo: Yes that is our kind of normal run rate for matching our maintenance CapEx through our depreciation so we can achieve our loud return.
Ralph Izzo: Jonathan, that’s one tough to predict, as you know the stage is now revisiting its energy master plan and I suspect the entire 20% renewables – it’s not exactly 20% but it’s close to that by 2020, it will be something that will come under review. At these CapEx numbers for renewables we are nowhere near the run rate required lots of r’s in there, run rate required to achieve that 20% by 2020. So I think we’ll get a little greater clarity at the end of this year first quarter next year in terms of how aggressive the state wants to be for the next decade and that will influence 13 and beyond.
Ralph Izzo: What we’re trying to give you sort of a rule of thumb way to think of migration, you can easily think of the rule of thumb in terms of EPS impact, or you can think of the rule of thumb in terms of.
Ralph Izzo: So it started out in 19% – 18% 19% and it’s now at about 24% at the end of third quarter. It was also about 24% at the end of second quarter.
Ralph Izzo: So for the most part yes Steve, but we’ll also try to aggregate a full requirements product or bundle of products for TPS is Third Part Suppliers. So we – as Caroline said our generation output is up. It’s just the price we’re getting for is different depending on whether we’re selling it through BGS or selling it into the market or selling it through bilateral arrangements to third party supplier.
Ralph Izzo: No I would, I think I would stay with the numbers that Caroline and Kathleen and I have been showing you now for probably a year in terms of the CAGR for the company.
Ralph Izzo: That’s correct Ashar. That’s exactly right.Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management: Okay, thank you so much.
Ralph Izzo: So you have to look at PSE&G, Atlantic Electric and Jersey Central. I don’t have the numbers memorized but I’m pretty sure, Jersey Central and Atlantic have a much larger residential population and therefore they’ll have a smaller amount of switching.
Caroline Dorsa: Dan, this is Caroline. Just one other thought as you look at the numbers here and think about the modeling of our spend. One of the things to keep in mind as you know the in-service states for Susquehanna-Roseland and Branchburg-Roseland-Hudson were delayed as we said. So in these numbers that we included on slide 25 just for your information, for Susquehanna-Roseland we estimate that about $550 million of the total of up to $750 million is in the numbers through 2013 and for Branchburg-Roseland-Hudson about $250 million to $275 million of the total of $700 million is in the numbers through 2013. So there is some spend as you would expect on these projects as outside our forecast period to 2013 given their in-service date. So if you look at those two big amounts and you look at this CapEx for transmission, just so you can keep the time and proportionality that might be helpful.
Caroline Dorsa: Sure Greg, thanks for the question. Yes, so we’ve talked about some of these before and these are low transactions that we bid on that – in most parts low transactions that we bid on, whose power we supply through the market. And so because they’re not supplied from our assets we treat these on a marked-to-market basis. And so every quarter we’re marking both sides of that transaction to market and we’re putting any changes in that through the P&L. So the primary driver of what you see here in the $0.02 is really a function of the same dynamics that are going on in the base business and that is in these low contracts there is still opportunity for migration out of those types of contracts by the provider. And so, as migration is expected or experienced and then we forecast it going forward to a large extent based on the experience that we have, we reduce the value of those contracts in terms of what they would return to the company and therefore we take that mark because they’re marked-to-market directly in our earnings as we update those forecasts. So think of this as marked-to-market, it’s not cash but it’s the representation – our best representation of the change in value of those contracts primarily driven by the same thing we talk about in the base business which is the migration out of these full requirements polar like contracts.
Caroline Dorsa: Sure. Keep in mind and I am glad you asked that because we do fold this out on a quarterly basis to show you the marked-to-market but it is less than 1%. So it actually a very small piece of our business.
Caroline Dorsa: Sure. So we only have one lease remaining. In terms of how to think about it, as you know from what we have been talking about over the past year, the team’s been working hard to terminate these leases at appropriate term. So as you think about all the leases that we terminated, what’s essentially happened is we reduced our tax liability essentially by the cash received from the counterparties coming in and going out. So if the terms are appropriate, we would look to terminate this last lease but of course, we have to talk to the counterparties if not we keep the lease. One thing to keep in mind though that the termination of the lease, where we are with the IRS, those two things can continue to happen and dependent of each other to some extent. You will have to terminate all your leases to try to have the settlement with the IRS given what we have now our exposure on a total basis is about $330 million and we are continuing to having discussions with the IRS to see if we can come to terms. We will try to do that at the same time, we will continue to try to terminate this lease. So you can really, one is not dependent on the other, you can really pursue both paths and that’s exactly what we are doing. Given the size of the remaining lease though in terms of its impact to earnings, it will be marginal in terms of what might happen either from its earnings proceeds next year or a termination as you know we have two leases this quarter (inaudible). So it’s really a small number and I think it’s a credit and I think it’s a credit to the team’s work to really bring us down to only lease less.
Caroline Dorsa: That’s right because there is only one left. So it would either be terminated or it’s the last one left.
Caroline Dorsa: And keep in mind as we’ve said before on consolidated taxes, should any proceeding result come to any conclusion about consolidated tax adjustments, that would prospective only and there would be no impact on the rate case that we just settled.
Caroline Dorsa: Sure, so Paul as I mentioned we are burning more coal, right. So as we burn more coal, we bring the inventory down and some of the higher price inventory comes off and we have lower price inventory that we’re burning. Also keep in mind we talked about earlier this year, that the price of our Adaro (ph) coal relative to last year also came down. So that really moderated our coal costs overall. As we burned more, it broke down the inventories and had some lower price coal from Adaro. 
Caroline Dorsa: Right. And in fact if you just, notice on our page 25 we get the number out 320.13. So while the 425 is 140 times three when you look at this page, you should know that in our planning, we plan that distribution spend at a $140 million lower each year over the entire period. We’re just reconciling to our prior numbers here.
Caroline Dorsa: Right, thanks Jonathan, just to clarify, just to give you some pieces of the math maybe just to help you to think that through. In terms of the $1.05. So if you think about what our coal and nuclear output, let me just walk you down this a little bit because that may help. That 50% of our coal and nuclear output, in total, coal and nuclear is about 40 terawatt hours a year. So half of its about 20 terawatt hours. With the migration we’ve already seen in BGS. BGS is about 15 terawatt hours. It used to be half and now it’s less than that because of the migration. So if you take 5% of the 15 terawatt hours and you multiply that out by the Delta in the embedded PJM West price in the BGS contract with the current level of PJM West price. And you rollout that math, you’ll get about a penny and a half. So that’s how we came up with a penny and a half. The 67 that the change in the hedge price was simply running that same sort of thinking and that same sort of calculation by taking that out of the hedged amount that we have pulling that migrating BGS load out of the hedged amount and then recalculating the weighted average hedge prices of portfolio, keeping in mind that the BGS hedge price has more things in it besides just the energy. All those things we’ve talked about in our bar chart relative to the PJM West hedge which would not have hedge things like pieces in it. So you have just do those, that math in two pieces. So one is about how to do the penny per share, the other is weighted average of our hedge portfolio average price.
Caroline Dorsa: So we haven’t – as you know we’re not forecasting ‘011. So it’s too soon to know as we pointed out, we do have obviously retailers outlooking for residential switching. We don’t know the success of that yet, so we’re not really sure. One think I’d just add is keep in mind we saw levels of migration appear to be similar at the end of this quarter to where they were last quarter, but you also have to keep in mind that that’s always a function of that headroom calculation as we call it. And with the hot weather and the spike in prices, you saw headroom actually go the other way. Remember last year in the summer we talked about it being very high. This year the summer was very low because of the spike in prices. So when we come back to a more normal condition and then with what’s happening with residential, it’s too early to really forecast what that would be.
Caroline Dorsa: That’s correct. It’s also up of the comparison between the prices in BGS and the prices today. So you have to be careful when you look at the percentage migration like last year and try to say it should be same number because you have to compare the embedded PJM West price to the market prices.
Caroline Dorsa: Last year. So what we’re trying to do is keep current, right. That current migration amount, the current terawatt hours and a current estimate of what the loss would be for an incremental percentage point or five percentage points of migration given the current Delta.
Caroline Dorsa: And we’re doing as Ralph said, we’re doing some of those products like a fixed load shape for example but we’re not going to take full requirements risk on the things that already migrated out and taken for requirements risk over again.
Caroline Dorsa: Right, so good question Steve. The – as you know as we’ve said before, we target as a floor, not as target but as a floor of 35% FFO to debt for PEG Power. And as we look at historically where we’ve been, as we look at our forecast, we see ourselves staying comfortably in that range. PEG Power is just a cap – ended this quarter at about 42.5% similar to what has done in prior quarters. We managed those debt levels to make sure that we keep that – keep the balance trim and we see ourselves being able to sustain that kind of level, 35% as a floor going forward.
Caroline Dorsa: Yes, so it’s potentially at the earliest the 15, 16 because the eastern portion is mid 14, western portion is mid 15. So if it doesn’t flip and if it’s on time you might see it then come back to 15, 16.Neel Mitra – Simmons & Company: Great, thank you very much.
Caroline Dorsa: No we haven’t talked about that in terms of overall profitability. You have to say that they are profitable. And we did give you in our deck this quarter as we typically do, the margin performance for Texas. So just to point that out on page 19, $41 million in gross margin from the two assets, both plan in the third quarter.Marc De Croisset – FBR Capital Markets: Thank you, that’s very helpful. 
Caroline Dorsa: Yes, so thanks Leslie. No we haven’t really changed the numbers for PEG Power. Keep in mind that we did have some growth spending in there, wouldn’t change because of taxes as the growth spending is essentially things like nuclear up rates at our nuclear at Peach Bottom in particular, and the peakers that we bid in successfully in the last two RPM auctions. They’re the primary drivers of the growth CapEx going forward. The other thing that we’ve noted a lot and it’s in the table that we put in the cay and still relevant is the decrease in the environmental spending, environmental CapEx because the VETs (ph) are essentially complete at the end of this year. So that number comes down, as you think about that also for going forward keep in mind what that also means is those assets go into service and of course then they start to become depreciated as well. So that’s essentially the story on power. And it really has not significantly changed. The peakers and the up rates on the growth capital, the environmental spend winds down. It’s actually part of the reason why we’re able to do what we’re doing which is to fund these utility allow it to grow while still maintaining the balance sheet that we have. Leslie Rich – JPMorgan: Okay, great. Thanks for clarifying that.
Caroline Dorsa: You have to be careful if you’re looking at commercial and industrial mid-size or the CIEP class of load which is essentially out of – migrated out already. So depending on which customer class and within BGS there are customer classes. You have to be careful when you look at those percentages to come up with the right numbers that you should put in our models when you’re looking at our numbers.
Caroline Dorsa: I’d say for commercial and industrial just looking at the class in the aggregate. So looking at the pieces and then looking at the total, we see commercial and industrial just to see some color on your numbers at about two-third switched in the aggregate out of BGS. We don’t really do profitability specifically by customer category, but just to give you the round numbers, about two-thirds out of commercial and industrial and as we said only about 1% out of residential.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Two questions, the first one relates to the distributions, capital spend. I think I had you right that it’s down $425 million from what you had given before. If I remember right, the $140 million of that you communicated at the Q two stage.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: And then on the same slide you have this obviously the drop off in the renewable slide. Is the $30 million number in 13, should we think about it as just something you have left visibility on what you’re likely to be doing out in that timeframe or its.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: Okay, great. Thank you. And if I could just on one other topic, I want to make sure I understand this the sensitivities you gave on migration. Its 5% incremental migration in ‘011 would be about $1.05 per share hit, but then you talked about 15% in terms of average hedge prices. Was that an 15% beyond the 5% so 20 in total. I think the release said one thing and then seemed to say something slightly different in the prepared remarks.
Jonathan Arnold – Deutsche Bank: So I would just make sure they were separate. Just finally on that topic, is it reasonable to assume given that switching showed up during the course of this year that there will be another $0.04 or so if carryon into ‘011 from ‘010.
