Ralph Izzo: Yes, Neel, so we have been commenting and participating in industry efforts to reverse the trend of some of the escalations in both O&M and capital being driven by the considerations emanating from the NRC. So we're part of an effort called Delivering the Nuclear Promise, to take the average industry cost structure of $35 a megawatt hour down to $30 a megawatt hour. We haven't released our specific cost structure, but suffice to say that we operate slightly below the industry average. So yes, there are cost pressures, but there's an active industry effort that we are front and center in participating to both control that escalation and reverse it.
Ralph Izzo: Sure. It's a couple of reasons. First of all, it is part of PJM-West hub where we do all of our hedging. So it does lend some balance to the portfolio, which is primarily PJM-East for where most our assets are located. It is a load pocket that is experiencing some modest degree of growth. There have been years where it looked like it was going to be about 4%. And it's been consistently the strongest pricing region from an energy market point of view in PJM for the past few years.
Ralph Izzo: So I think our numbers are looked in, so when -- remained on average above 40% for the next three years given current market expectations. Our floor at Power is an FFO to debt of 30%, and as it's been the case in the past, Travis, our top priority is reinvesting in the business. That predominantly means reinvesting in regulated utility assets, although we continue to look for opportunities to acquire assets in Power that have allowed our portfolios in competitive markets that were interested in that being New York, New England, and PJM. But number one use of the balance sheet is reinvesting in the business. Number two is, given the cyclicality of the merchant generation business to provide support for the dividend in some of those ups and downs so that we can provide a consistent growth rate in that dividend. And last would be to repurchase shares if we were not seeing those growth opportunities, primarily in utility or had earnings that just dwarfed the growth in the dividend. But Dan, I don't know if you want to add some color to those specific numbers.
Ralph Izzo: And to Dan's point, Travis, both Power and the utility can support that capital program without any equity issuance in any of the forecasts that we're able to come up with.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Angie, that is correct. So we're, as you know, the basis differentials are very seasonal in nature. They tend to be somewhat strongly negative in the off seasons, the spring and the fall, less negative in the summer, and they turn positive in the winter. It's driven by two factors, you've identified both of them, one is our gas basis differentials, and transmission congestion. I forget the name of the transmission asset down in the PG&E area that is undergoing some renewal. It's Bagley Grayston [ph] which I believe according to PJM is scheduled for completion sometime next spring. That's all public information; you should check the PJM Oasis board for confirmation that -- in case I have the date wrong. And then obviously from a gas point of view, there's a much healthier degree of infrastructure that's brining gas from the Marcellus to the New York-New Jersey region than there is going to the PJM West region, which is a bit of a misnomer. It's actually south of here. And until the infrastructure corrects that arbitrage opportunity you'll continue to see gas-based generation being less expensive to operate up here than it is down there. But we remain confident that over time the market does correct any anomalies that exist and arbitrage opportunities that exist. And there's no shortage of projects that are either in permitting or in construction to move gas to the south. And as I said, there is a specific transmission project underway to correct congestion project underway to correct the congestion that we're seeing in the PG&E area.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So, as you know we don't forecast earnings growth. And what we've been forecasting is that for the next five years the utility capital program for approved programs, which support an 8% rate base growth and for programs that are fairly straight forward extensions of existing programs that 8% becomes 10%. But they've not been approved by the BPU yet. Of course as you know rate base growth is a good indicator of earnings growth, but then one has to add load growth and subtract O&M growth and those are two parts that are tougher to predict. We do a good job of controlling O&M. But I would not want to promise that we will be able to control O&M at a level of zero which is about the load has been growing, that's like 0.1%, 0.2%. So, it's suffice to say that the earnings growth would probably be a net subtraction from that net based growth, but we don't give an exact number, what that is.
Ralph Izzo: I really don't have a lot new, to say about this subject. If we may - if and when or we were to make such a decision, it would be a market timing decision, it would have to do with the strength of the strategic arguments in favor of separation dwarfing the tactical benefits, that we continue to believe dominate the picture today in terms of staying together.  So sure, you wouldn't try and do something in the middle of economic instability or major macroeconomic you can have like disruptions, but we're not market timers, the real question is, do we still have the financial synergies between the business, do we still have the build synergy between the business, do we still have a long-term investors who see the attractiveness of both, that's kind of strategic flexibility questions that we've talked about before.
Ralph Izzo: I do. I think, that a lot of states are realizing that these are long-lived assets these mean the nuclear plants that provides enormous benefits both from a carbon point of view, from a fuel diversity point of view, from a reliability point of view, and most of our markets are fairly short-term in nature, even three your capacity prices don't capture the full benefit of what I expect to be fairly extensive debate on how carbons to be priced in the future. So they -- every state may not come up with its own remedy, and regrettably the right remedy would be a national remedy, but we don't seem to have a lot of traction in that regard right now. So I do see most of the action focused at state-by-state level.
Ralph Izzo: I knew you are going to make it up, Dan, I wouldn't refer to. Gregg, your second question on interest on acquiring coal, we are believers in nuclear, but at the right price of course we would be interested, but we are not -- we have no interest in adding coal to our fleet, nor would you see us be a large fleet acquirer, I do think that in general, we signaled through our investors that our primary investors in the regulated utility and that's what we continue put our emphasis.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So Mitchell, of course we are operating with the same crystal ball as you are, which without being too critical of your crystal ball, ours is pretty cloudy. Having said that, it's more of an '18 to '19 timeframe that these projects we think will have a takeaway capacity impact.
Ralph Izzo: No we haven't, Mitchell. I mean, we are obviously aware as you are of where the current situations are and certainly ready for discussions when the time is right, but not as yet.
Ralph Izzo: I think we are going to let that play out and let time tell what's going to happen. I think it's a fairly complicated situation and we'll let time become our best estimate. We got some disclosures within our 10-Q, that give you a little bit of sense as to, some thoughts on it. But I think, where it ends is ahead of us, yes.
Ralph Izzo: Sure. So just to summarize, hopefully what you heard is that Power capital program remains on-budget, on-schedule, and based on current prices is still expected to create strong value for us. The utility continues to identify new customer-driven investment opportunities that fuel its growth. Lastly, there is no question we have a relentless focus on cost control. It's part of everyday life at PSEG. So with that, I'll just wish everyone a happy Halloween. We look forward to seeing you next week in Phoenix, and thanks for joining us this morning, take care everyone.
Dan Cregg: Yes, what I would say Travis is we have had a lot of success in finding opportunities to deploy capital. And we even referenced today an excess of $600 million at the utility. So rough reference is reinvesting the capital on the businesses as opportunity number one, and that's what we have been able to do. And having a strong cash flow coming from the Power side of the business, and the ability to provide financing there at the parent is enabling of that growth that we have throughout the business.
Dan Cregg: Yes, I mean, I think if you take a look at what we're investing in to the business on the power side of the business, and you take a look at what our cash flow is coming from the business, it pretty well supports the ability to build that, a, without any equity at the parent, but without growing that leverage capacity or that leverage utilization at Power.
Dan Cregg: I think we are -- I think what we've done historically as we put out numbers for particular years and then given some ranges in between those years. So I think you're heading towards about $7 billion, as you approach '16, and then with the overall growth in capital, you would see increases there, but we will provide kind of our normal set of numbers within our next update like…
