Ralph Izzo: So, I'll give it to Dan, Greg, good morning, but I think basically we had a pretty cold December and great O&M control and a tax issue with the utility, but Dan do you want to...
Ralph Izzo: And Greg, just the risk of getting into too much detail, remember when we say nuclear fuel, that's a complicated noun to use right, because there is a whole bunch of processing that goes along with it. So, when the answer is half of it is outside, it doesn't mean that from uranium cake to fuel rod, we do half of that in the country, and half of that outside of the country, all parts of it are touched outside of the country. So, as you point out, this is an attempt to bring this product into the nation, that we don't know, how that's going to be doable.
Ralph Izzo: Sure. Julien, (34:20) that's a $300 million a year run rate adjusted for inflation going forward, we think that's a 30-year program, so that means we have 27 more years after this first tranche of GSMP and you remember we were operating at a $300 million a year run rate and we have gained confidence that we can push that number up higher. I'd rather leave the details of that discussion for March 6, but it will be – we certainly have the capability to do more than $300 million a year, which would of course shorten the 27 years proportionally.
Ralph Izzo: So our philosophy hasn't changed, remember this is primarily a defensive move on our part. We did make clear that we were looking at possibly trying to find a couple of tuck-in niche acquisitions, but we have not, and so we've opted to pursue this organically building the capability in house. We still are targeting between 5 terawatt hours and 10 terawatt hours at its maturity. We have received licenses to market in Eastern Pennsylvania and in New Jersey. We have a head of the operation on board that we've hired and a couple of support folks and are talking to people about some of the back-office fundamentals that we don't want to build on our own. Don't forget we still have BGS, which is the 11 terawatt hours of our 50 terawatt hours round numbers that is essentially retail product. And what we're looking to do here is to basically claw back some of the BGS that over years had gone away by some combination of migration or changing of thresholds for the BGS customer. And we think that it will help us capture some loss margin and improve our management of basis differentials. So I think from the point of view of organic growth, I'm pleased with the approach it makes it harder, but it does make it more profitable if done this way.
Ralph Izzo: Okay, Michael. Well, first of all good morning, thanks for the nice words. Yes, you heard the numbers correctly. This is our age-old problem, that you now have grown accustom to, where the out years have in the past grown beyond, what we predict them to be in the current timeframe. So, what we'll do at the Analyst Day is try to explain to you, what's been approved, what's about to be filed, what we've confidence in, in terms of being a mere extension of existing programs, and we're actually going to expand a little bit at the Analyst Day to kind of give you a little bit more insights into what I would just call our opportunities set, our drawing board things which we were always working on, but we normally don't bake into our bar charts showing five-year growth. But at the risk of sort of doing the preview with details on the news at 11 you are once again going to see a five-year set of numbers that are higher than what we thought they were going to be last year at this time and that just seems to be the natural trend. And I wish I could always get it right in terms of the prediction, but the out years are always less certain. So – yes, you heard it correctly.
Ralph Izzo: Yeah. So, in terms of three years, what we'll show you is stuff that we didn't include and why didn't include it, and then we'll expand the five-year view for you.
Ralph Izzo: So I think, I think that your observations are accurate that the turnover generally occurred in years – it slightly occurred in year three and turnover in year four and year five. The other observation I would offer those that this year is a record breaking year for PSE&G CapEx. So, I think it's a combination of kind of GSMP and ESM and Energy Strong in tandem and Solar 4 All in tandem with still some major transmission work going on in the Bergen-Linden Corridor that's feeding a record breaking year. So, that year four and year five is coming up a little bit earlier this time, but that won't change the 9% growth in rate base, which is off of a higher base, and a larger capital program than we've had in the prior years and the prospects for even more to come.
Ralph Izzo: It's in the numbers that we're providing, I don't have a separate breakout of what the implications of that were, we can get you a little bit color on those numbers, but we broken out with the total cash flow aspect is and then that will ripple through based upon timing.
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, we never forecast what that is going to be, largely because we don't know what that's going to be. I think, what we are paying careful attention to and I suspect everyone on the call is as well as this first of a kind footnote by PJM that they may have to revisit some of the reliability parameters in the PS Zone and PS North in particular, that's something we all expect to see updated prior to May, I know that we have launched some questions with PJM about some of the reliability assumptions made, these seem to emanate from the change in the wheeling circumstances associated with the New York ISO. So, no we don't forecast, we don't predict to the outside world, we obviously do a lot of analysis inside about what we think may happen, but right now I believe the parameters unfortunately are in a bit of flux, and they need to be fixed sooner rather than later.
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, that's not changing this year for any reasons that we can think of Anthony. We're looking at each other right now say, does somebody knows something that we don't. The rate case filing for base distribution will go in November my guess is those rates will be effective sometime either late in 2018 or January 1 of 2019. Our FERC formula rate has already gone through for January 1. Our clauses are all baked in already at varying degrees from 9.75% to 10.0% So, there is no ROE – there is no allowed ROE impact this year that I can think off...
Ralph Izzo: But she is not going to tell you how we hedged so smartly, she is not going to give away those trade secrets to you.
Ralph Izzo: Yeah. So thanks for the follow-up question Michael. And your arithmetic was right before, I just, I wanted to be cautious about the use of moderation for the utility capital program as a general characterization because it's anything but, and we'll talk in greater detail about that. And we'll also give you some specifics on residual investment capacity and there is a healthy amount of residual investment capacity that we'll expand about. That is the primary reason, why we planned to do something a little bit new on following Monday and talk about the opportunity set. Albeit with a heavy dose of qualifying that opportunity set as, yeah, so this is the stuff that's on the drawing board that oftentimes never gets to a filing and then even after filing oftentimes gets trimmed, right. So, but we just want to show you the reason why we like having that investment capacity because we're always thinking of things that are important to customers that we can do for them.
Ralph Izzo: Great. So, thanks, Brent. So thanks, everyone, for being on the call. And we hope the results for 2016 and the outlook for 2017 help you understand that our strategy is successful in meeting the challenges of the market today. We will be in New York on March 6th at the stock exchange and hope you'll join us for our annual review of our business both the three year and five year look going forward. Presumably your takeaway say at least what we tried to communicate to you is that our balance sheet remains strong. As we just discussed with Michael and with the rest of you, our capacity for growth exists beyond the 9% rate base that we've talked about and the completion of the projects of Power that are going to add 1,800 megawatts of efficient combined-cycle. We will give you a little bit more information on the range of utility opportunities and what our ongoing efforts will be to position Power's portfolio for maximum returns. In the meantime, as much as it pains me to say, please enjoy this wonderful weather. And hopefully, we'll see it bundles up in Manhattan in about seven-day. Take care, everyone.
Daniel J. Cregg: Yeah. That's exactly it, Greg. There was a tax issue that's not an ongoing issue, it's a one-time tax item at the utility that brought them just below and Power just did a great job of controlling costs as we went through the balance of the year.
Daniel J. Cregg: Yeah. I mean, Greg as we think about it, we spend about $200 million a year on nuclear fuel and a little more than half of that is sourced outside of the U.S. So we show that issue, obviously, not to a major extend from the standpoint of the overall impact on Enterprise. But if you think about a border tax trying to encourage domestic production, I don't know that it would – there is any way it would get you all the way there from the ability to source what the industry needs domestically. That said that doesn't mean that you would necessarily have it as part of tax reform. So, we're aware of the issue, watching the issue, and that would be an area, where it would have an impact on us.
Daniel J. Cregg: Since the laws aren't written it's going to be tough to say, but there is different components going from uranium to enrichment to fabrication along the way, and those steps are more external than internal to the U.S. So, however they would make the determination to apply any kind of a border tax that doesn't – that isn't written as yet, we would apply that against the components of how that comes together, so we're grasping a little bit at trying to define, a number around something that doesn't exist, but if we think about it little more than half of the aggregate cost seems like it might qualify to be non-domestically resourced.
Daniel J. Cregg: Yeah. So, our O&M forecast for 2017 is clearly included within the guidance for 2017 and we continue to manage as efficiently as we can within the facilities that we have it. I guess the items that I would think about it, as you move through time and Ralph referenced, maybe some of the operational aspects as supposed to cost specific. But you'll see Hudson and Mercer coming off from the standpoint of those units retiring, and you'll see as time moves on with some new units coming on into retail operation, coming together, you will see some cost come back on from more productive purposes. But we have operated the Power business at an extremely efficient O&M trajectory and if you look over the last five years or so, our O&M is basically dead flat.
Daniel J. Cregg: Yeah, the second question is the harder one to answer, because it is not determined yet, where that's necessarily going to come from, so that could be legislated as part of what ultimately may come out or be left to the regulatory agencies to make that determination. So, we don't know if you look back to 1986, there was something called the average rate adjustment method, which was painfully complex, and pushed the excess back on a unit-by-unit or a class-by-class as the timing difference has changed. So it was very structured, and very complex and pushed them back over a long period of time. So as it stands right now, we don't know what that message is going to be, because nothing is in place as yet, but that's just an eyeball to history. And if you take a look, you can see just by going through the overall tax footnotes and looking at the aggregate deferred taxes that we have and grossing up at 35% and pulling down at whatever rate you think the rate is going to go to. So you'll have to determine whether you had a 15% or 20% rate or something else based upon what gets legislated. But if you're in that range, you're probably approaching about $2 billion of excess deferreds, just by doing that math off the footnotes of the 10-K.
Daniel J. Cregg: Yeah. Far and away the biggest component there is PSEG Long Island and that's about a $0.07 to $0.08 benefit in the aggregate. Beyond that there is a little bit of corporate expenses and a little bit of interest, but mainly if you think about that, as just being PSEG Long Island it will be pretty close.
Daniel J. Cregg: Yeah. So there is – we had a tax benefit that came through this year, which is a onetime item, which would not be replicated on a go forward basis.
Daniel J. Cregg: Yeah, that there is growth basically on a kind of a CPI oriented growth. So there is no step change that you should expect from that business.
Daniel J. Cregg: Nothing new there Andy, what we have always done and continue to do is as we try to capture items like a full requirements contract like BGS, we, we strip-out the capacity component of it and it leaves you with some of the actual non-energy elements that remain in there. So, as you look that far out that's a bigger proportion of what the hedged amount is. So that's what it gets you to.
