Ralph Izzo: Sure, Dan. So, I know there's been a lot of attention paid to this issue and it's really -- you've accurately summarized the way in which it's portrayed. I do have a slightly different view of it, however. I believe, what the state is trying to do, and what the governor particularly, is trying to do is make New Jersey as competitive as it can possibly be. So new generation is really a means by which New Jersey's Power prices will be more competitive with the region. And in the conversations we have been having with policymakers is that there are certain things New Jersey cannot compensate for. We cannot compensate for our population density. We cannot compensate for our lack of indigenous fuel. We cannot compensate for our environmental regulations, which are more progressive or aggressive, depending upon your perspective and others. Having said that, if we can work together to make markets even more efficient by reducing the risk for investors and therefore, on a risk-adjusted basis, make investments flow more readily so that power plants get built when needed, and you see less of the differentiation other than the factors I mentioned a moment ago, then I think everybody wins. And that's the kind of conversation we're having with folks right now. So, that's leading to specific discussions around how interconnections are planned. What is the timeframe of which RPM prices future capacity. What are the constraints that should or should not be placed on access to new shale gas deposits in the region. So I think, as long as we stay focused on meaningful improvements in competitive markets and steer away from counterproductive subsidies of government that interfere with markets, there's a wealth of opportunities to find common ground.
Ralph Izzo: It's, Ralph again. We are talking here about the implementation of the Clean Air Act amendments of 1990. They have been promulgated by EPA. They've been contested in the courts candidly, all too often by colleagues in our industry. Although they have been contested by others as well. They've been up and down the judiciary system. I believe they've been at the Supreme Court at least once. I don't -- I think that's accurate. And now EPA is narrowing the oscillations in terms of re-promulgation of rules. And we're confident that they will stick. And I think others are confident they will stick. At last count, I believe EEI had 48 gigawatts of coal retirements that have been announced, which is a clear indication that people expect the CSAPR rules and the HAPs/MACT rules to be final in some close form that approximates the proposals. As you know, the CSAPR rules are final. There were some technical changes made, some recently. Yes, there are a couple of states who believe they were surprised, I can't speak for them, who have filed lawsuits. In general, however, we have been quite supportive. We've actually supported these rules for quite some time and have been outspoken in the fact that we have coal units, we've made the investments and we are ready to compete, and others should be ready to do the same.
Ralph Izzo: There is no schedule that's been published on that, Paul, so the 2 beneficial outcomes we've seen are the denial of the motion to dismiss of the BPU -- on the part of the Federal court, of the BPU motion to dismiss. And then the denial of the rate payer advocate's motion to dismiss on the EDC case. But there is no scheduled time for the court to act. We are in discovery, however, right now.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. I mean, there's lots of things to look to, right? I mean there's -- from the court point of view, that's accurate. But I think that you'll want to look at PJM's filing of how it's going to respond to the Mopar implementation at the end of November, you'll want to look to the early part of next year where PJM publishes the parameters for the RPM auctions. There are various motions that we will be filing in the litigation that you would look to in the coming weeks and months. So there's a continuous stream of activity. I don't think there is any one date that one wants to latch on.
Ralph Izzo: That's -- I believe your referring to Hess' filing at FERC and I am in no position to comment on what they need or don't need. PJM sets the planning parameters, we operate the assets and we'll operate those assets in the best interest of the customer base, and the reliability that PJM is accustomed to delivering.
Ralph Izzo: So Dan, we still have an application in front of the DEP. Candidly, time is getting short for the DEP to respond to that and us to be able to have confidence to keep them in the next RPM auction. The trade-off there is just what you said. Clearly keeping those peakers in would have the -- a maximum benefit for customers in terms of keeping capacity prices down. However, they are not the finest units in the point of view of ground-level ozone and OX emissions and therein lies the trade-off that the state is grappling with. I'd say that we won't know the final outcome of that until early or at the latest, middle of the first quarter of next year. The application is still alive but we don't have a clear answer yet.
Ralph Izzo: No, Ashar. I don't think we should make any assumptions about the schedule on the case. And the judge has the information and he's proceeding as he deems appropriate, and we are not putting ourselves in a position to predict time tables.
Ralph Izzo: I'd think that speaking for myself, not speaking for others, I would not want to enter into an expectation that my contract is going to be allowed to continue for the 15 years until that case is decided. But that's speaking for myself and we actually approached the LCAPP process with that as a consideration. But others may have a completely different point of view as to whether or not those contracts will continue to be honest.
Ralph Izzo: No. As far as I know, the BPU held a hearing a few weeks ago, and there is discussion of likely staff recommendation and how to proceed sometime in the mid-December time frame, and that's all that I believe has been stated publicly or at least that's all I'm aware of has stated publicly.
Ralph Izzo: You never want to say something with 100% certainty, Greg. But I'm fairly confident that anything PJM does in the November timeframe or soon thereafter, would be with the intention of having it effective -- in the next RPM of May. Yes, I'd put a high degree of confidence on that.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Ashley. So, for those who have joined us, I extend once again, my thanks, for being with us, and I sincerely hope you're as pleased as we are with our operating earnings through the third quarter, and our expectations for where we believe the year will end. Similarly, I hope you're as gratified as we are that our environmental strategy appears poised to deliver anticipated benefits. And we have to be sure while the first 9 months have been strong and the long term strategy appears to be paying dividends, there are some challenges that remain and chief among them are ensuring the continued functioning of competitive wholesale markets free of government's discriminatory subsidies. But as I mentioned a moment ago, I believe these challenges are manageable with ongoing dialogue and I can assure you, if you're not aware of that already, we are quite actively engaged in that ongoing dialogue. So we look forward to seeing you next week at EEI, and thank you for being with us today. Take care.
Caroline D. Dorsa: So, as I mentioned, we did see the markets respond. In fact, if you recall when the CSAPR rules came out, you saw market prices move up about $2. And then you are seeing some of that. At least our sense is you see that when you look out across the forward curve. Of course, we don't forecast beyond the forward curve. I wouldn't say that we have a crystal ball on that. We think that about, perhaps maybe, 2/3 or so of the price move might be factored into what we see in the forward curve. At the end of the day people like to see rules go final, right? So prospects are good, final rules are better. And of course, we look forward to the HAPs/MACT rules as Ralph mentioned, being issued in December. So, we think we see some of that in the forward curve. We think we see it sustained. But of course, we need to see those final rules issued for HAPs/MACT and we hope, December.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thanks for your question. I'm glad you asked it because I think one of the things that we've been talking a lot about is the fact that when you think about migration and its impact on our earnings, you have to think about 2 parts. Not just the amount of migration or how many customers have moved, but in fact, what that cost you. What is the difference in what they pay if they're in BGS versus if they are not on BGS. So in prior years, that difference, which we call the headroom, has been a relatively larger number. It's that much larger than it is today, and that was the result of the fact that BGS prices were still coming off higher levels and there was also still a summer premium, which now is actually only one of the remaining years of BGS prices, as well as lower prices in the market. So, that differential was bigger. And when you have a bigger differential, then as you lose the customer or you lose a customer or a group of customers, that cost you dollars for each customer that leaves. The reason that I said that the migration amounts that we have this year, quarter-over-quarter in fact, don't result in any EPS quarter-over-quarter comparisons, is that while you still have some incremental customers moving, and we saw that move from about 26% to about 33%, the headroom is so much lower than it was. It's lower than last year and in fact, it's only about 1/4 of the level it was when we first saw migration really take hold in the summer of 2009. So what happens is, when you have an incremental amount of customers moving but in fact, every customer, including those who have already left you cost you less and you run out the math, sort of a price x quantity if you will, we end up now in the circumstance with a slowing level of migration on top of a lower headroom amount for everyone who's migrated, leading to 0 impact quarter-over-quarter. You might think of this in a sense in the extreme. If you had a 0 headroom, if the prices effectively converged, we would be indifferent as to where the customers were because the impact for us would be the same in terms of dollars. So we watched the headroom come down. It means, every customer, if you will, is worth less on a differential basis, and that's why I wouldn't use the estimates we had given in past years because they are related to past levels of headroom.
Caroline D. Dorsa: No, it wouldn't. Because we don't bid into BGS thinking about that. We bid into BGS based on the parameters, of course, that we're given in terms of the composition of the customers, as well as our expectations for forward prices, capacity and the other risk premium that we don't get into on the call for competitive reasons.
Caroline D. Dorsa: So, sure, Paul. Keep in mind for -- particularly for New England, if you look at the margin there, as I mentioned, we did the coal sales this quarter and those coal sales fall into the results that we have for New England. So that's really the biggest driver of the difference that you see. Not much going on in New York, but New England is going to be driven by coal. And as I mentioned, we had coal sales this quarter. We also had a little bit in the earlier quarters. So as I said, $0.06 for the year to date, $0.03 quarter-over-quarter.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Right. Sure, Jonathan. So, it's primarily the sales relative to the cancellation. We had cancellation costs last year in the third quarter because we still actually have those charges. We actually restructured the agreement midyear this year so we no longer have those costs. So really, what you're seeing, most of what you've got here is the sales, about 3/4 of it or so is the sales relative to the cancellation charges. In terms of going forward as I've mentioned, we have adequate supplies of coal. And since we have the restructured agreement that no longer has the cancellation charges if we don't want to take shipments, we are in a better position. That being said, because we have made the sales that we've made to date, we really shouldn't think about that as really being anything material as we come into 2012 in terms of future sales.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Right. In the first 2 quarters, kind of spread-out between the 2 quarters. We highlighted that this year -- this quarter because it was just $0.03 just for this quarter.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Right. So in terms of capital, as you know, and as Ralph mentioned in his remarks, we do have $2.3 billion in capital expenditures for the year. To date, we've spent about $1.5 billion in capital, so we still have a good chunk to go. It typically gets a little bit more weighted to the final quarter of the year as we typically ramp-up. In terms of really beyond that, I think, keep in mind we're just continuing to look for new opportunities. And then next year we have some debt coming due. We have some maturities happening both at Power and the utility, so we have some flexibility there. What we really did in addition to the sale of Texas, of course, which you know is new for this quarter, we really took advantage of market rates and I think we've got good levels for the debt, and that just gives us lots of flexibility, and then we can reconfigure our financing plan going forward, knowing about our upcoming maturities.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. Yes, it's been challenging this year. I think, earlier in this year, we thought we were seeing the bottom and perhaps same things turn up, but things have continued to be a challenge for the state. As it is obviously for the country. So the numbers that I mentioned in my remarks were the -- are estimates of weather-normalized and of course, that is more art than science. But we do see downtrends on a weather-normalized basis. We do think people are conserving more, maybe not turning on the air conditioner, quite as quickly in the heat of the summer. We'll see what happens when we get into the heating season. In terms of employment data, we do see a little bit of good news in looking at data, August versus August from 2011 versus 2010, seem to see some upturn in net employment in the state. But again, I'm talking 10,000, 15,000 in total. What appears to be some private sector benefit offset by some decreases at the government level. But if you look at things like housing starts or jobless claims, they seem to be bouncing around that level. It's not inconsistent with what we saw last year. So things don't appear to be getting worse. From the economic perspective, they don't appear to be turning around. We do think we're seeing that manifest in what customers are doing in trying to conserve, before they turn on the air conditioner or use a little bit more power. So it's not getting worse, but unfortunately, you can't really say that we see it getting a lot better at this point.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes. It's hard to forecast all the way out, but I wouldn't forecast a lot of growth at this point, given where we are.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. So you may recall, Michael, when we we're talking about pension expense a couple of years ago, we talked about it moving up after 2008 to levels in 2009 of about $160 million for total pension expense. It's come down significantly since 2009 into '10 and '11 so you are looking at numbers that are around the levels slightly less than say, $100 million or so. The real question for us is, at levels like less than $100 million in total for the company, how do we think about the year-on-year? So if you think back to our investor materials, we had the bar charts where we show total O&M and then we show pension as a piece of total O&M. In those bar charts, we were expecting to see a small decrease in pension expense on a year-on-year basis, when we looked at it. But given where we are now and given how things have changed, I think it's hard to think about being certain of a small decrease. Because when we think of where both interest rates are -- lower interest rates increase pension expense as you know, as well as lower returns, which increase pension expense -- that puts the challenge there. So total O&M for us, you may recall, when you looked at our numbers, we were looking at total O&M for this year of about $2.1 billion and we were talking about kind of flat over the '10 to '13 period. The pension expense is a little less than $100 million out of that. Got to think of it next year as maybe being a little higher than that. So on a base of about $2.1 billion, you are looking at a number that's a little less than $100 million or somewhere around there for next year. Can't give you a better estimate because we can't set it until we get to the end of the year.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Well, obviously, as you know, and we've talked about before, we do our O&M budgeting on a bottoms-up basis, really looking at every site, every part of the organization. But when you think about the kind of swings that pension expense can provide when you have. For example, the market's being up almost 8% or 9% when we were in the May time frame to the S&P being down about 4% by the end of September, and now with positive territory by the end of October, those kind of things can consist -- and combined with very sharp moves in rates make it pretty hard to overcome what could be pension expense volatility by the end of the year. Not that we haven't -- not that we aren't continuing to try, but that's why we want to flag it for you now, because it might be something that becomes a higher number in 2012 versus our expectations of O&M and net higher than we would've otherwise be able to offset.
