Ralph Izzo: Well, so Travis, I mean by that point, we will have grid plans up – we will have one in Connecticut, one in New Jersey and one in Maryland and it really will depend upon the infrastructure that's being built in each of those locations. As you know, all of those sites do have gas on the property. But we're seeing an increased importance in regional spark spreads. Right now in our region we're seeing sparks spreads giving our access to natural gas with that $20, down at Pepco. It's pretty close to that, the forwards they are saying it could be as high as $23 still I mean we certainly make these investment decisions on the expectation that the combination of either locked in or anticipated capacity prices plus those spark spreads would allow us to recover our cost of capital and then some. So as you know, our history is we don't – we don't usually pick numbers that are different than what the market is telling us. So right now, the local spark spreads defined region by region is in the $20 range.
Ralph Izzo: So therein lies the value of a diversified fleet. One would expect that as infrastructure gets built from the region to mostly Southeastern markets that you'll see an increase – a decrease in price in other parts of the country which don't have that access, and an increase in price here which will diminish our regional sparks spread advantage but that should also then help our nuclear plants. So it's been an ongoing source of pride for us that diversity of technology and fuel allows us to deliver some consistency in terms of the margins that we – that we're able to capture. And then of course, one cannot ignore the seasonal variations that will persist even once the infrastructure gets built.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. Julien, thank you for asking the question because I want to make sure that there's clarity of understanding around that. There's a lot going on in the nation around nuclear. I don't know the latest numbers. I think 10 to 15 plants are rumored to be at risk of retiring. Half a dozen have retired. Our dilemma is that as active industry participants, frustrated by an absence of carbon value given to nuclear plants and seeing what's happening around us, is we're trying to engage policy makers in a conversation that nuclear is not getting the credit it deserves. Our challenge is our plants are quite healthy economically, so notwithstanding the importance of carbon, I think the motivation in other markets are some of the near-term economic consequences of shutting those plants given their lack of profitability. So we don't have that situation. We're glad we don't have that situation. But it does – it does sort of impair our ability to have the same level of interest and participation in the discussion. So we've been talking about fuel diversity. We've been talking about 90 plus percent capacity factors and what it would mean should long-term forces require the replacement of that. Whatever those long-term forces might be but it is kind of a difficult conversation to have given how many pressing problems are staring policy makers in the face right this minute. So on the one hand, yes, I don't want to go on ad nauseum. We feel strongly that nuclear is not getting the credit, i.e., price it deserves but we cannot and we do not make the claim that our plants are at any kind of economic risk in the near term the way others are.
Ralph Izzo: No, no, no. We are having early conversations that – in both forms – about what that kind of more accurate representation of the value could look like. And we're informing people who don't study this stuff as much as we do about what’s being proposed in the New York State and what's been discussed in Connecticut and what didn't happen in Vermont and Massachusetts and Wisconsin and what that led to and what doesn't appear to be happening in Illinois. So we're not just walking around saying, boy, I wish the world was different. We're talking to people who care about these things, about what the consequences have been and – in places were nothing took place and what would happen – what's being proposed in other places. At PJM, I think there's much more of a focused on reliability associated with such large quantities of baseload power that don't have the seasonal challenges of access to gas and back-up fuels. But I think that historically PJM of course has not viewed itself, nor should it, as an implementer of environmental policy. So the conversation can be broader at the State level than the stakeholder process at PJM.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. No, no. So I think some power has some – has stated its desire to expand in New England, New York and PJM. We think that those are the most efficient markets given the combination of energy and capacity value in all three of them. We have also said that we do not anticipate any new build. We thought we have three very unique situations but in the flat demand world with pretty much an over-supply condition, arguably all three locations but certainly in two of them, injecting new supply does not appear to be a winning proposition. From the point of view of a power scale, I mean, in terms of its reach, I'd like to see it have a little bit more of a robust portfolio outside of PJM than it currently has, but its certainly would be one of the largest, if not the largest, independent power producer on its own if that is where you're headed with that question. Power doesn't have a lot of megawatts, but it's financial strength and its profitability I think are quite unique. And something that we are very proud of and we work hard to preserve that in making our operating and investment decisions. So there’s – so the way we – we intend in the near-term to grow Power is the way we’ve been trying to which is through selective acquisitions of existing supply. As you know, we’ve not been successful at doing that. The one project we landed was the keys project and there probably because our perception of construction risk management was different than others. So I hope that answers your question.
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Brian. First, we don’t have any peers. That’s number one. I’m sorry. It’s just a personal point of view. Number two, in terms of renewables, you know we’ve been active on two fronts. On the unregulated side, we have about 300 megawatts that are in 12 or 14 states. I’ve lost track. And we specifically embarked on a crawl-walk-run strategy, I'd say right now we are jogging. And those projects have done well. Everyone of them have met their pro formas. In fact, most one of them has slightly exceeded their pro formas. Most of our solar investment, however, has been concentrated in PSE&G and that’s been a blended of rooftop funded solar, where we don’t own the assets, but we have regulatory assets that support the rooftop and then grid connected. As you know, in New Jersey, grid connected is measured in single-digit megawatt as opposed to double or triple digital megawatts. Notwithstanding the impressive price improvements of these installations, they still are substantially above conventional technology power prices. So our estimates right now are that, in New Jersey, people pay anywhere from $4 to $6 a month for solar energy and that’s typical residential homeowner obviously, the average homeowner means that there’s a bunch of people pay more, a bunch of people pay less. In all of our customer survey information suggest that, that is at or above the level that people are comfortable paying. So our pursuit of solar in PSE&G is really driven by the RPS and the desire to achieve those policy-mandated targets at as low a price as possible and doing things three and four megawatts at a time on landfill. It’s a lot less expensive than giving them two to three kilowatt hours at a time on roof tops. But one has to be careful, even three and five megawatts at a time as to what the bill impact is. So we’re long-standing fans of solar. We are not apologists for it, but we do have to balance the bill impacts. So we pursue those opportunities in-state in accordance with the RPS, and in other states in accordance with those utilities needs to meet their RPS and secure those investments through power purchase agreements.
Ralph Izzo: No, Shah. I mean, let me make sure I interpreted the question correctly in terms of new nuclear power, the economics just aren’t there. Every indication of the availability of natural gas and the duration of that availability, and the likely price range that we would see, would suggest that new nuclear and emerging company would not be an economic wise thing to do.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, I mean, if you had contracted cash flows and they met the hurdle rate, we think that nuclear has a long-term future. But as we were saying just a few minutes ago with Julien and Praful, others seem to, invariably when we show up to buy an existing asset, they add a couple dollars to the forward price curve and we don’t tend to win. So in terms of purchasing existing assets so much is driven by the kind of the winner’s curse and your view of where forward prices are going and our is I think more disciplined approach of saying that we are not smarter than the market. So I would think that the practicality of that would be somewhat limiting.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So, Michael, thanks for the question. So two things; number one, part of that $300 million is what's called new business, so there's new revenue that comes with new business. But equally, if not more importantly, as you know, we have to go in for a rate case in November of 2017. So we are doing some things that need to be done, and we are timing them as such that they will fit into the rate base for the test year. So they will be covered by the rate case with minimalist – if any regulatory lag at all.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. I'll let Dan talk about the pension. But we don't look at O&M on an – it's time to check out O&M perspective. We look at it every day. So we just extended contracts with six out of our eight unions, not all of them were in the utility, but our three largest utility unions were included in that six out of eight, and those were all at reasonable escalation. They were wage increases of 3% per year, but benefit trade-offs that reduced the over-all O&M growth. So we kept utility O&M growth to a little bit over CPI, I think it's 2%-ish, thereabouts. I don't remember exactly CPIs, but I know what our O&M growth rate has been – is just little bit over 2%. We just pay attention to that every day. We are not believers in getting inefficient before rate case, and taking costs out of the business right after it. That is – first of all, it is not a great way to build confidence with regulators, and it's not a good way to manage the operation. In terms of pension, yes, lower interest rates are not going to be great for the PBO, but strong market performance which we've seen will be. But Dan, you may want to add some more color to that.
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Jonathan. First of all, it was good to hear you. I was a little concerned when you disappeared on us before. No, we remain interested in retail for our defensive purposes, managing basis risk and not as a significant growth opportunity by any stretch of the imagination. We've looked at some boutique shops including the transaction you just referenced right now. I suspect that we are going to run into the same issues in looking at those types of potential tuck-in acquisitions as we do in power plants that our discipline, somewhat I consider an approach to pricing these things will result in us perhaps not being able to roll up what we need to roll up from an inquisitive point of view. So we are starting to pay our attention to just building some capability in-house because again, our ambitions here are modest. They're defensive and it's conceivable that an organic approach could be quite a bit more profitable point of view from return expectations. Sorry, Jonathan. I seem to have left a deafening silence.
Ralph Izzo: We've hired some folks and we've started looking around it kind of systems that we would need that are a little different from the systems we have now. We're preparing to file the necessary documents one needs to be certified or licensed. I figured the exact terminology to engage in this business – be a separate and different function than our current wholesale trading arm.
Ralph Izzo: So I'm told by Kathleen that many of you folks had a very busy morning with some other calls, so I always am grateful for your participation with a special thank you today given how much was going on prior to us. So in keeping with prior practices, let me just summarize what I hope were the key takeaways for you. The utility growth driven by customer needs and policy maker priorities is really continuing unabated rather than showing up year after each investor meeting telling you about what we found, we're trying to do a better job of keeping you apprised of things as we locate them. So we have about a little bit over $500 million of new stuff that we'll be doing, $300 million which we'll definitely going to do and a couple hundred million of which we're waiting for BPU feedback on. Power remains quite focused on markets managing its costs, its performance and its investment decisions with a real disciplined adherence to what the market is telling us. So some challenging price environments, some great O&M control. And then third and final take away is that this balance sheet remained strong. There's no change in our dividend policy. We continue to have the belief or the opportunity for sustained growth in that dividend that continues and yet these expanding investment needs at the utility and opportunities at the utility can be met without any new equity. So I think we are on a little hiatus for a couple weeks and we will be back on the road in September and certainly see all of you early in November. So thanks very much for joining us. Have a great rest of summer, folks.
Dan Cregg: No, I mean, I think that's exactly right and it's a little bit of a wait and see. I think a lot on the PBO side, exactly what Ralph referenced. The discount rate is going to be determined really when we get to the end of the year. So that’s uncertain until we get there and returns have been doing pretty well. So I think, keeping an eye on those things as we move toward year end, will track where we go in the pension. And in the interim, just try to manage overall and stand whether it storms, whether it's any new requirements we have for inspections or veg management and trying to manage it as a whole which I think we've done successfully in the past and we would intend to do into the future is how we'll go forward.
Dan Cregg: Yes. Ultimately, it is going to have an impact those on what the obligation turns out to be, and the components of what your returns are. And yes, we do look at that internally to try to see where it goes, but fact of the matter is at the end of the day, the discount rate is going to be the discount rate. So it's something that we need to manage having come at us because we can't control that as a rate itself.
Dan Cregg: Yes, Anthony, I think we were up at the midpoint of those reigns split up about 5% from the first quarter until now. There's a piece that is about a huge move – a piece of it is as well is that earlier in our over-all hedging trajectory, more of the volume is BGS-oriented. So if you think about what that price is, it includes some non-pure energy items. And as we step further through our hedging, we end up with a little bit more just kind of blocked pure energy trades, which tends to have a more moderating effect on the price itself.
Dan Cregg: So if you think about when the BGS auction happens in February of 2015, you'll have that stuff and going into 2018 and then 2016 we'll have the same effect on 2018. So that accounts for a higher percentage of the volume earlier on and as we step into some of the energy hedges, that number tends to go down a little bit by virtue of the nature of the hedge that we're putting on.
