Caroline Dorsa: Yes. We try to look at this and forecast it based on the best information that we have. Just to give you a little more color there on the migration, we talked about the 30%, remember, we talked about 24% at the end of the third quarter. We also talked about the fact that the end of the third quarter, there was more of a push for the residential, and we hadn't seen too much effect at that point in time. What we're seeing right now in terms of our estimates of migration at year-end, about 55% of the commercial and industrial customers who can be served by the BGS products have migrated. And for residentials, we see about a 7% net migration for those customers at year-end. In terms of forecasting, obviously, it's something we spend a lot of time internally looking at with a variety of models to try to triangulate it. And so we're giving you that guidance range of about 38% to 40%, as reasonable. Keep in mind there's a bit of a lag in the data, so we're working with the data that comes to us through about November. And then we're estimating it out during the period.
Caroline Dorsa: Again, one other thing to keep in mind relative to the retail strategy, one of the things that we've talked about during the year, and as we saw with very, very warm weather and higher prices is that effective headroom does tend to move around quite a bit. And so to the extent that you think about the business being predicated on a certain amount of headroom that you might forecast based on, say, normal forward curves, we did see periods during the very hot summer and the very cold winter where that effective headroom collapsed to a very small number. And so the economics of those migrated versus the price that we achieved by selling through the market became much reduced in terms of a loss for us. And that's something that those dynamics would continue to happen because they are really the realities of the market as you do in pricing.
Caroline Dorsa: We did forecast -- I won't go into those numbers at this point. But we did forecast a small amount of incremental migration in 2012 just consistent with the deltas that we see.
Caroline Dorsa: Well, relative to headroom, we tracked headroom on a month-by-month basis. And you have to work it up based on looking at what the prices that you would achieve in the market versus the price that you achieve from your BGS. But you have to subtract all of those things that are costs that a retailer would also have to look at. And so what I can tell you is we've seen that number be in a mid-double digit to as low as almost zero, depending on the month-to-month variation of the prices in the market place. But you just have to work that up. I mean everybody I think, can work that up independently using the prices in the market, the costs that are associated and net margin that's actually left to someone who would go into that business and then compare it to that same calculation looking at the BGS price.
Caroline Dorsa: So we're not giving the particular number from migration. But let me see if this helps you think about it. In 2010, because of the way in which we saw weather, warm summer weather, cold winter weather earlier in the year, you saw that headroom collapse in some periods to a very low number, a number that we don't think would support being in the Retail business. In 2011, what I'm signaling here is we're not forecasting higher weather. We usually just forecast normal weather. So we're forecasting the normal amount of headroom that you would get if you just worked up from using the current BGS price and in the new one that cleared and that rolls in June, comparing it to the forward curve and then working that up, and you could work that up based on normal weather and then come to your own estimates of what that would be.
Caroline Dorsa: Sure, Leslie. Happy to do that. We did give the numbers then, you're right, for 2011 through 2013. And as you know from the disclosures that we've given out before relative to where most of that capital is going to be spent, it will be at the utility as we implement the key programs at the utility. And so as you look out in '11, '12 and '13 and you'll see this as, the 10-K is filed, what you see for capital spend for PSE&G is approximately $1.5 billion in each of the three years of 2011, '12 and '13. And you know from the conversations we've had before that the single biggest piece of that by far is what we're doing in transmission.  And then for Power, you see numbers for Power that's basically the delta. There's a small piece that's clearly of non-utility renewables as well. But Power's numbers in '11, '12 and '13 are about $670 million in '11, slightly less than $500 million in '12, and about $340 million in '13, and then there's a small piece for non-utility renewables. And these numbers that we just described don't include the numbers that Ralph just mentioned relative to the opportunities for new filings that we're looking at for potentially for the electric that we just mentioned. So when you think about these numbers, we're always looking at those opportunities for more investment on the utility side subject to getting contemporaneous return. I think the other thing to point out we've talked about before, but just to remind everyone, because we have the back-end technology going into effect, when you look at our total profile here in terms of the amount we're spending, in total in excess of $2 billion each of the next three years, when you look to the environmental and regulatory in Power, you're seeing numbers that are less than $100 million in each of those years, because of so much of that spending already being behind us. Hope that helps.
Caroline Dorsa: Sure. So at Power, we see a small step-up in O&M, low single-digit number based on the fact that we have -- obviously with the back-end technology going into effect with some small incremental costs there. But consistent with our theme that we've talked about for a long period of time, O&M control is a critical thing that we focus on in the company. And so we'll continue that strong O&M control at the utility, such that we continue to have a very low growth rate in O&M for the company on a three-year basis.
Caroline Dorsa: No. I would say a small step-up for Power that low single-digit number, you've got the major maintenance on the combined cycle unit, that sort of thing happens on a scheduled basis. But you don't build it in some base because after it occurs, you don't have it in the subsequent year. And so you've got a little more cost for Power in this year because of that. But our overall focus is strong O&M control across the company on a multiyear horizon, and we're committed to that.
Caroline Dorsa: Good question, Paul. I think the way to think about it, because this is a bit of a moving target as we finalize and understand all the IRS rules. But slightly more than half of it is in the Utility and the remainder is at Power. So there's a significant amount for each of our companies, a little more in the Utility than in Power.
Caroline Dorsa: No. I'd say, Jonathan, if the headroom has been greater than we saw it in the fourth quarter because of the higher market prices based on the cold weather, we would've had a higher impact than our $0.01 per share, right? So I think there's also a bit of a lead lag effect as well, right? So you've got headroom moving with how the weather or demand changes, market prices and therefore, the net effect to us. That's going to have a feedback effect on how retailers think about being in this market longer-term. Those two things would've happen in exactly the same months. But as the dynamics of headroom have suggested that it really does move quite a bit in our market as it probably does in every market. It makes for some different choices presumably for retailers of how aggressively to think about this market. But in general, think about it as higher market prices, reduced headroom. Reduced headroom means lower net impact for us for every customer that has migrated in terms of our bottom line.
Caroline Dorsa: No. Less impact in terms of the dollar impact to our bottom line from that customer having left because keep in mind, if that customer has left BGS, they're still ultimately buying power from a retailer who is, in most cases, not a generator and has to buy from the market, and we supply the market. So the question is, what's the price that we achieved when we supply the market? If we supply the market through BGS, it's the BGS price. If we supply the market through PJM or through other hedges or directly into the market, we're getting the market price to the extent that pressure because of weather pushes that market price up, and the BGS price is fixed, the gap between BGS and market shrinks when there's pressure. And therefore, it costs us less to have lost the customer than it would otherwise cost us.
Caroline Dorsa: So we don't do that breakdown precisely. But let me just remind you of a couple of the factors that hopefully should help you in the modeling. So you're right, on the back-end technology going into service, that's going to be an easy one to specifically identify. Remember, we've talked about the fact that we've spent about $1 billion on the back-end technologies for Hudson and Mercer. That incremental depreciation for Power on a year-on-year basis, almost all of which relates to BET, is about $45 million. That's a pretax expense hit. We also just talked about the fact that there's a small, again, low single-digit impact on O&M on a year-on-year basis combined cycle major maintenance. Again, that's something that you should bake in on a year-on-year basis, that's important for 2011.  And then the two things that I would focus you back on, in terms of doing the calculations when you think about margin is the hedge price that we talked about. So recall that we said that we are 95% hedged for our coal and nuclear generation, about 40 terawatt-hours at a $68/MWh price. And that compares to 2010 hedges of about 91% at $72/MWh. So you've got a $4/MWh differential on 95% or 91% of 40 terawatt-hours. And if you do the math on that, you'll obviously see that, that's a significant contributor to the year-on-year.  The other thing to keep in mind with that is, we're 95% hedged now, we were 91% last year. That left us a little bit more open to the market, and as we just talked about, the market had some hot weather and higher prices that enabled us to capture a little bit more from the open position. Now we don't know what this year's weather will be. But what we forecast, we always forecast for normal weather. And then the last piece, just to remind you as we talked about, the capacity price. So it's something that occurred a while ago. We talked about it as near term as migration in BGS. But we do have that roll-off of that higher capacity price, the 191 that rolls off in mid-year this year and is replaced by the 110 which was the clear for mid-'11 to mid-'12. That's how we get paid for a significant portion of our 10,000 megawatts that don't embed that price in the BGS. But outside of BGS, that's a direct payment that Power’s generation receives, and that downdraft of about $81 per megawatt day. If you calculate that back through the proportion of Power's assets that are entitled to now the lowered payment for about 58% of the year, you'll have another big piece of the picture. So I hope that helps us in giving you the pieces. You obviously have to embed your own assumptions for how you think about forward prices, if you think about what the forward curve differently and how you think about weather. But that's how we've come up with the guidance that we're providing.
Caroline Dorsa: Yes. So nuclear fuel costs have been going up. And you're right, we have talked about that in our prior decks. Relative to coal, a couple of things, so we do have some of these higher-priced Adaro coal as you probably recall that we used at Bridgeport. But in Hudson, because of the completion of back-end technology, we now no longer have to use Adaro at that location. So if you think about overall and through our coal fleet, total coal costs are down about $1/MWh, so not dramatically different when you do a weighted average and you recognize that Adaro is no longer required for Hudson.  The other thing to keep in mind as we think about coal dispatch within our region is don't forget the BET costs. Obviously, will get folded into how we think about our dispatch, and that increases the cost for those units, Mercer and Hudson, on a megawatt-hour basis. So net-net total, slightly up per megawatt hour in total coal dispatch costs when you think about those economics.
Ralph Izzo: Dan, this is Ralph. We're not reconsidering a retail strategy. It's a very difficult business with razor-thin margins where one mistake wipes out a year's worth of effort. But what we are doing in the wholesale side is of course, we are working with third-party suppliers to meet their needs, and we remain active in that regard. You remember, over time, as BGS begins to more closely mirror the market, we at Power will be somewhat indifferent as to whether our customers or BGS customer or a third-party customer -- right now, the effects are painful because of a rapid drop in market prices. I think Carol may want to answer that.
Ralph Izzo: So Paul, I'm not familiar with the specifics of the Retail markets in Connecticut to be candid. In New Jersey, there has been an ongoing bit of aggregation that's taken place amongst schools and municipalities. So that's been an active market for years. The legislation you're referring to relates to multiple systems and municipal systems, as opposed to anything that customers have not already been empowered to do in New Jersey. So I don't see that as having a major impact on BGS.
Ralph Izzo: That's right, Paul. We think we have some great uses for the capital, and we think that we're getting a reasonable risk adjusted return for that. And as long as we have those good ideas, we'll continue to re-invest that capital. If we don't have those good ideas, we won’t be shy about returning it to shareholders. But right now, we think we have some good uses for it.
Ralph Izzo: Julien, as you know, we don't forecast the results of the auctions, not for BGS North  RPM. I do believe PJM came out with their latest load forecast which is available on OASIS. It's modestly less robust than prior forecast but don't mean to be disrespectful. We just don't like to forecast what those outcomes might look like.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. The answer to that is they are operating simultaneously. And we don't think that having government-managed supply is the best way to go. And we are making that case both in the courts. And having said that, if people disagree with us, we have to make sure the lights stay on and that we participate in whatever mechanism our policymakers choose to provide supply. So unfortunately, these things cannot happen sequentially. They are all going on at the same time. So yes, we are participating in the New Jersey process.
Ralph Izzo: So Brian, I don't think we lowered the transmission forecast if I'm not mistaken. I'll go back to doublecheck that number. But as you know, our transition forecast is a direct offshoot of the PJM RTEP process, the regional transmission expansion program. So that has multiple elements that go into it. One element of course as you pointed out is what's happening to demand. But a second component is what's happening to supply, both additions and retirements, and then single, double and subsequent contingency analysis. So I won't bore you with the rigorous engineering analysis of why certain 60, 90, KV projects needed, versus 230, versus 500 But we don't make up that transmission capital program. It's a direct offshoot of PJM's RTEP which factors in their demand forecast. With regard to any substantial increase in generation that results from the New Jersey process, well, we'll just have to see where that pans up. Our position has been and remains that the market has not been calling for the need for 2,000 additional megawatts. And that this will be a subsidized oversupplies circumstance if it does go through to completion. And I think that PJM is being consistent in its view of the world. They have filed at FERC something similar to the P3 group that is filing, which really sets at a lower cost way to make sure that reliability preserve right now is through RPM and the RTEP, and that would best meet the needs of the customers in the near and long term.
Ralph Izzo: So I think from the point of the court challenge that is very difficult to do. I would like to have you join me when I talk to our attorneys in-house to force them to give us that answer. But of course, no one is willing to predict court schedules or court outcomes. But we do believe that in the other venue namely at FERC, which is obviously a regulatory discussion, there the timetables are a bit more predictable, and we're believing a mid-April timetable for FERC to respond to our pleading and the PJM's pleading.
Ralph Izzo: But Brian, I think from the FERC perspective, what's really important is prior to the RPM auction in May.
Ralph Izzo: Michael, so Susquehanna-Roseland remains with a critical path item of the National Park Service. And I don't believe we have anything we would report in that regard. So it's looking like a decision from them late in 2012 with in-service dates of the eastern part in 2014 middle of the year, in the western part in 2015 middle of the year. And then distribution base rate case, not as far as the eye can see, so we'd like to control costs and manage our CapEx in a way that we avoid having to seek rate release.
Ralph Izzo: There is no magic number or bright line. Remember that 97 was because we had rate relief for half the year. So we would expect with our cost control to do modestly better than that this year. And also, we are making sure that any capital expansion programs that we have, and we've talked about several of them, both in transmission and distribution, have clause-like treatment that avoids the regulatory leg that can be so harmful to our shareholders. So I think we're -- just let me repeat as far as the eye can see, we're not anticipating base rate case preceding.
Ralph Izzo: So let me express my thanks to all of you for joining us today and your many questions. And allow me to remind you that on March 7, we'll have our Investor Conference in New York City. If you need the specifics of that, Kathleen and Carlotta will be happy to make that known to you. And we hope to see you there. If you have additional questions that arise between now and then, we'll have plenty of time to spend with you to go over that. And again, thank you for being with us today and hope to see you on March 7. Take care, everyone.
