Daniel Cregg: Yes. Thanks, Shahriar. I don't think it changes much for us. I think maybe an analogy, 2023, the corporate minimum tax kicks in, and there's still guidance that we're looking for that as well. So I think from a PTC perspective, it's a tax credit -- it applies under the existing law. It states it begins 1/1/2024. So I've heard nothing from the standpoint of any delay in implementation. I think what we may have the potential for is, we may not know on the 1st of January exactly how they will define gross receipts. If I think about it, technically that tax return will get filed until into '25. I still would love to have the information now to best plan what we do. But I don't think there's any question, nothing that I've heard of anyway that would tell you that the start date would be anything other than 1/1/2024, but I have also not heard anything with respect to the date with which we will get further guidance on [indiscernible].
Daniel Cregg: Yes, I don't think I would think about it any differently than we talked about it before, right? The filing date for the rate case remains fourth quarter. I think the nature of the capital that we still have in front of us to roll in all remains the same as what we've talked about before. And so it will be a part of the filing that we'll make. And again, most of that are items that we've been through proceedings with the BPU, whether it's stipulated base or whether it's some of the clauses that we've actually set up a deferral mechanism for those roll-ins. So I don't think that we're in a different place from that approach and where we'll go. I think we're just kind of moving forward in getting that filing ready to be submitted in the fourth quarter.
Daniel Cregg: Yes. So Jeremy, to your more particular questions. So your first question about cash transacted. By its very nature of what the transaction is, is a liability for future pension payments that will move out of the company and that liability will be matched basically with cash that's going to go out with it. And so yes, there is a cash element to the transaction. However, you should think about that cash as coming out of the pension trust where those liabilities will be paid from. And so from more general corporate cash, don't think about any cash from that perspective solely from the trust. That said, and I think that is very a logical way to think about it, given your second question, which is where does that cash come from? And so we have investments across a bunch of different elements of spectrums of investments that we have made through different managers in the pension trust. And I think just the most natural way to think about it without putting too fine a point on it is, it's roughly 20% of the pension, and you could think of us as essentially taking about 20% of our investments across the board and moving them over. There's -- that won't be a perfect interpretation but pretty close to how to think about what it would look like on a go-forward basis from the remaining mix within the funds. So I think that's a simple way to think about it, but an appropriate way to think about it.
Daniel Cregg: No, you should not -- I think the 5% to 7% you should think about as being intact. Really, Jeremy, this was all about looking to the potential variability and results that we could see corporately because of the size of the pension. And that was the driver behind the transaction. Ralph made a hugely important point. We've said all along, the first thing that we needed to do with our diligence wasn't sure that this was going to be a move that would protect the benefit to our retirees. We did significant diligence there, I felt very comfortable there. And then secondarily, it needed to ultimately come through in a way that made sense for the company as well. And so that's exactly what we did. I think that managing that variability going forward is what we have talked about for a while and what we wanted to deliver on. And you could see some very, very de minimis effects as we step forward within the plan, but nothing that's going to move us out of that range at all.
Daniel Cregg: Yes. So we finished the year at 87% and the year has been pretty good as we work through. So you can kind of think about that as increasing into the low 90s. And so we're in a good position from a funding perspective with what remains still within that kind of a range as we go forward from here.
Daniel Cregg: Yes, your order magnitude is right there, Durgesh. And essentially, the transaction and the go-forward pension plans would have been more complicated to do this kind of a transaction with active employees because you kind of got a moving target, right? Your service cost continues to go forward. And those kind of elements come into play. And so right now, just think about what sits outside of this lift-out in Power & other as just being status quo.
Daniel Cregg: Yes, Carly, I think if you think about us continuing to do what we've historically done it's probably the right answer. And maybe just for a little bit of a different reason, I answered the question earlier on the PTC timing and -- that Shahriar had asked. And we are still waiting, but we've also thought through what some of those potential outcomes could be from the treasury regs and we're taking into account, admittedly a little bit in the dark what they could look like as we're continuing to move forward. So I think until we know something different, I'd say it's an educated thought process, but maybe not as educated as we like with the guidance that we have and thinking about what to do. But we are layering on some incremental hedges as we go through time. I think you've seen within the material today over the last quarter, you've seen a little bit more and a little bit of a higher price. So we're just trying to be smart about it in a situation where we don't know everything we'd like to know. But hopefully, we'll get some information soon from treasury.
Daniel Cregg: Yes. So Paul, what we said is both -- as we look at 2023, de minimis impact, not even worth kind of including within any models, very, very small impact anticipated. And then going forward, I'd say the same, right? There's a very modest positive arbitrage. But by the same token, what we're -- what we've also talked about here is we will see a onetime charge come through from the standpoint of the unrecognized element. And so the absence of that going forward does provide somewhat of an offset. So I would not think about it as having much of an impact, '23 or going forward. So the main tracker that we talk about is mitigating the volatility.
Daniel Cregg: No, that 1 charge -- so if you take a look at our year-end 2022, that unamortized amount was about $2 billion. So we've disclosed that we would see something in the low 200s after tax from the standpoint that was in the release of the amortization of that charge. So think about the pension as a whole, having that unamortized balance. And if this is about a 20% impact you're seeing about that coming through on the onetime charge.
Daniel Cregg: Yes, I think, Ryan, it's a tough question to answer, given that we don't have what we need to have from treasury. We have been stepping into hedges as we've approached the year fairly similar to what we've done in the past to be as prepared to mitigate the market volatility as we can. And so I think the question is going to be best answered when we do have that guidance and as we continue to go through the rest of the year.
Daniel Cregg: Well -- and Ryan, the other thing I would add to that is we've said in the past that we've tended to work our way through a 3-year period within a range kind of a band of hedges across those 3 years. And so there are periods of time where we will try to take a look at what the market looks like within that range to take advantage of market opportunities. And so if you just think about where we've been historically from a price point perspective and where we are now, I think the opportunities led us to be a little bit higher within that band before and a little bit lower within that band compared to last year right now.
Daniel Cregg: Yes. I think as you take a look year-to-date, one of the things we talked about upfront was the hedge price we saw most of that uplift within the first quarter. So we got more of the benefit from the timing of the hedges that were put on during the winter period. I think what you're more likely to see as you go through the balance of the year is a little bit of a change from the standpoint of looking back at '22 when we kind of rolled off our final load-serving contracts compared to where we are now without them is that we have a little bit higher cost to serve last year compared to what we're seeing this year because of those contracts. And so most of the top-line benefit has been recognized year-over-year if you take a look at where the hedge prices are, but the cost to serve will benefit as we go through the balance of the year, Paul.
Daniel Cregg: No, we'll give you guidance next year for next year's results as we head in there. But I think next year, you're also going to have a situation where you'll have PTCs in place that will change things. So it's a more complicated structure that we can talk through as we go forward and to give next year's guidance.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So Jeremy, I'm going to have Dan give you some details and I will discuss much on the PIC or pension investment committee plans. But I just wanted to kind of preface it by saying a couple of things. One, really proud of the work that the entire team here did at PSEG. I mean there's a lot of hard work and we talked about this pension lift-out not too long ago and got to the point where we executed on it in a very timely manner. So just really happy with the work that they did. Really happy about the way that we were able to protect our retirees and the folks that have done so much for us over the years in the way that we transacted here and fill a lot of details, and we'll get out to those folks. But -- very happy about that part of this process as well and certainly happy about the results that we were able to achieve, which Dan will go into a little more detail here, but it's more and more of the execution that we've talked about and trying to build that confidence for you all that you expected from us.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, 2 separate -- so good pickup, David, definitely on track for that date that we talked about in the Investment Day. But the work starts earlier, right, because it's just a lot of engineering work that needs to be done because some of those -- some of that fabrication starts years in advance. So the engineering is taking place and kicked off. We have a good idea, the costs are minimal as we had explained, and it's on target for that date that we had said. So again, more execution from the team down there.
Ralph LaRossa: No, it's not top of mind because it's not a big driver for us one way or the other, but it's something we certainly want to do for a couple of reasons. I mean one, it's the right thing to do from an environmental standpoint, if we can help on the hydrogen development front. So that's one piece of it. Two, it's good for the region economically for New Jersey in the southern part of the state down there. If we could get some activities, additional construction activity, more jobs that southern area around our Salem plant has been challenged economically over the years. So another positive from that aspect. And then from the third, look, it is going to have some incremental financial impacts for us. I think additionality might make a lot of sense. But again, I think we're a small player in that, and we'll see where policymakers go with it.
Ralph LaRossa: Durgesh, I'll give you a couple of pieces. Yes, last night was the first public hearing that we had on the GSMP filing. 17 individuals spoke in favor of the filing, 1 against. So just in sheer numbers and conversation, it was a very positive outcome. 4 public officials spoke in favor of the project and the work that's been done so far by our folks out in the field. So really, really positive there. So I'm very optimistic that public sentiment is in the right direction. That should all lead to a continuation of our opportunity to settle. I would be surprised if we were in a situation that was anything about a settlement when we get to the end of this.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. No, nothing that I would expect to change dramatically. Look, we've got some real good conversations that are going on. From what I can tell and what folks have had going from conversations would be aligned with the things that new commissioners are talking about, focus on environmental issues, focus on affordability. I think what we're doing on the GSMP program is completely aligned from that standpoint, especially with our -- with the methane reductions that are involved there and the work that we're doing, getting those pipes ready for whatever they may carry down the road. The electrification work is certainly aligned with comments that those new commissioners have made in other settings before they were in the commission. So I think that's a real good sign. And from an affordability standpoint, boy, I got to tell you, the more we dig into this in preparation for our upcoming rate case, the prouder I am of what New Jersey has done over the years. I mean we -- no matter which way you look at it, the rate increases for the entire state -- I'm not just talking about us, but for the entire state have really stayed below inflation rates. And with all the work that we're doing to electrify homes, electrify transportation and clean up the grid, it has really proved out in New Jersey that we can -- if you do it right, you can do it in an affordable way, and the numbers are proving that out. So I think everything we're doing is aligned with what those 2 new commissioners would expect and things that they have said in prior positions that they've held.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. No, Julien, listen, I don't think those numbers you just quoted would be aligned with the words de minimis. So I think that would be a little bit more than what we would certainly expect and not aligned with what our expectations are.
Ralph LaRossa: No, I could understand why people would make that argument. So it might make sense in some circles to do that, right? It certainly would make the most sense from a -- if you just want to generate hydrogen and create hydrogen from the nuclear plants, but I could understand why people make that argument from a tax credit standpoint, right? Because if you're getting tax credits for providing clean energy into the grid and then you convert that to hydrogen, then you get both tax credits. And I could understand that, right? Just the legitimate argument to make. So is that something we're taking a position on one way or the other, but I could certainly understand why some people would approach it that way. And I could understand why other people would approach it, "Hey, listen, we really have to kick start the hydrogen generation. And so therefore, we want to see that -- we want to see all those tax credits go to that angle. I think that's a -- it's a real policy call. It's -- some folks are going to need to make within Washington. So we'll see where it goes.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So again, I think what Dan has been saying from the beginning, and I'm just going to reinforce here is, we really need to understand what treasury is going to seem to be the revenues. And once we understand that, then we can optimize that for our shareholders. Everything that I've been saying up to this point is just respectful of the conversation that's been taking place. It's not meant to take sides on anything. So even whether it's data centers and I -- we try to do what's right for New Jersey and New Jersey customers. And so, hey, does that make sense? Is it a data center here? Where is that data center? Are we wheel in power. There's all sorts of things that are going to go into our thought process as we go forward. And the number one is what Dan has been saying, let's see what rule of treasury say as to how revenue is going to be calculated.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, 100%. And -- but again, give us a week to digest the rules when they come out, and then we'll have a plan ready. We're -- those conversations are not -- they're already -- we're already looking at things inside. We'll figure it out.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, Anthony. So we will absolutely have a conversation with the BPU about a mechanism to address pensions and the volatility around that. So -- they worked with us on the last mechanism. They worked with other companies. So we'll be in there having a conversation about it. It's good for ratepayers as well as also it create -- it reduces their volatility as well over a longer period of time as you are going from rate. So it makes sense for everyone. That said, we always will continue to take a look at things like we just executed on. But I would tell you that it's really tough to figure out for active employees what the right formula is for all the reasons that Dan mentioned, I think it was to Durgesh earlier, how long is somebody going to work? What's going to be their earnings trajectory and so on and so forth. So I think those pieces of the puzzle make it tougher when you have a group of employees like we just went through, it was a lot easier to have that conversation. And again, got us in a really good place.
Ralph LaRossa: Which at the end of the day is exactly the way Dan has managed this for years, and the team has managed it for years and they've looked for those opportunities. So absent really clear guidance from treasury, we're doing what we've done in the past.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. I don't think it impacted what's going to happen in the next filing. What really impact -- will impact what's going to happen in the next filing is what was just released by the Board of Public Utilities, which is their triennial report or direction that was an order that came out on energy efficiency. And we're still studying that, but that has a lot of upside for us there that we think will really encourage additional energy efficiency investments from companies like ours. So more to come on that, but that I would encourage you to take a hard look at that order because I think it really did provide a good road map for all the utilities in New Jersey to follow and provide some opportunity for us.
Ralph LaRossa: Thank you. So I would just leave everyone with this. For the -- as we kind of put this new management team in place and talked about things, we said we weren't going to change much. We were going to continue our strategy. But I think this quarter kind of reinforced a lot of things that we've been telling you over the first 6 months here. Alignment with public policy, especially in the state of New Jersey is really important and the great work from the workforce that we have and our alignment with them on a regular basis. And the reason for that is that we were able to execute the way we did. 3 big wins, I'd say this quarter, our exit from offshore wind done in a way that really, I would say, we're very, very proud of. We entered. We took a hard look at that opportunity, and we exited in a way that both -- we were able to keep our heads up financially, policy-wise and with our -- with the labor workforce in the state of New Jersey as we did that. Second, we stayed aligned with public policy on our energy efficiency filing and took a good step forward. But as a result of that, we'll really be able to take some advantage of some new orders that came out from the Board that we just talked about. So again, really aligned with policy and a workforce that can deliver on that. Third piece was what we just talked about on the pension execution and the work that was done there. And again, I just want to reinforce how happy we are that we were able to accomplish all the things that we set out to accomplish through some great, great teamwork from a number of folks here on our team. And then I don't want to lose sight of the heat storm that we just had here in New Jersey. And the work that was done, again, by -- if I had a number of folks that have stepped up time and time again, whether it's our appliance service technicians out fixing air conditioners that have gone bad to our overhead line workers, making sure that the pole-top transformers are back in service and the underground folks making sure the networks here in Newark and other cities are up and running and the call takers answering any questions customers might have as far as timing of restoration for the few that did go out of power. It was just great work and really was seamless. And I -- it did identify some additional opportunities for us in that last mile, which we're going to learn from and continue to put into our plans, but I can't say enough about execution on that -- on the heat storm, but execution across the board on all the things that we've accomplished in the last quarter. So I appreciate you all calling in, listening and we'll continue to build your confidence as we move forward through the remainder of '23. Thanks, and talk to you next quarter.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: I just wanted to follow up on a few things that have been said here. First off, coming back to that pension lift-out, I just wanted to run this by you guys. Just with the $1 billion implying return on asset flipping the liability around conversely. I mean it sounds like that might be like maybe upwards of a nickel drag here. Again, it's difficult from the outside to run the math. But does that sound like ballpark? Is it a drag? Is there sort of a net drag on a run rate '24 basis, if you will? Or are there other offsets here to think about? Just to close out on that one.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. I appreciate it. And then separately, look, did I just hear you say additionality might make sense on the nuclear side? I just wanted you to -- if you might clarify your thoughts around that.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Got it. All right. Excellent. And then just meanwhile, I mean, if not going down the hydrogen route, I mean, how do you think about parallel avenues of data centers or what have you, just to maximize your opportunity set around these nuclear plants. Obviously, we've seen some of your peers out there maximizing around some of these low carbon transactions, if you will.
Julien Dumoulin-Smith: Right. Got it. But the point is you'll come up with a -- or you could come up with a new strategy pro forma for wherever the IRS lands on some of these regs. Can we get an update from you.
