Ralph Izzo: Sure, we had lots of communication [stuff this past] with New Jersey DEP. I think it’s pretty safe to assume that one of the areas they would be focusing on was the amount of credit or candidly the lack of credit given for nuclear output and the feeling that the cleaner states in our case are being somewhat penalized. Second area that I’d put sort of a lower priority the opportunity to perhaps expand the purview of 111(d) to touch upon things that are electric related but not specific to power plants in New Jersey. Our leading clause is get [permission] for transportation so the possibility of expanding 111(d) to include electric transport and the possibility of expanding 111(d) to include methane leakage fugitive emissions from the pipe [inaudible] combined cycle units.  But I put those two issues, electric transportation and methane leakage as a distant second to the concern for the credit not given to nuclear.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, so I would say that it’s not much of an exaggeration to say that we are in lock step with the state on that perspectives on 111(d). As you know Kit we have a very clean fleet, nuclear typically is 55%, 57% of our yearly output, the third quarter was 52%. But as to the details of how that would manifest itself I am not sure I want to get into that on this call. We could certainly talk more about that hopefully in Dallas if you are at the [DEI] but there is no space that I am aware and hate to be absolutely definitive and say that there isn’t any at all between us and the state’s position but I have been briefed on this couple of times already and I think we’re in lock step with the state in terms of the…
Ralph Izzo: No, it isn’t because as we’ve said many times we thought Reggie was a good idea to serve as a template for a national emissions trading program and appetizing Congress to begin a national program. It doesn’t seem wise for the state to diminish its economic competitiveness with respect to nearby states and joining Reggie.
Ralph Izzo: So on DR I mean I know just what you and everyone else in the call knows about it right. I mean the court decisions were very comprehensive, very deterministic, it is positive on the issue I’m guessing I am inferring that the recent stay is just out of healthy degree of respect for FERC and the desire of the judicial branch to allow the executive branch to weigh its options, not at all reflection that the court decided that what they had previously ruled upon was any kind of back peddling whatsoever.  So I think DR is likely to come out of energy and capacity markets in the future. Now PJM has gone on record saying that they are going to adjust for that, that they are going to look for ways to allow DR to effect the demand curve but I have got to believe that once that very transparent efficient market whereby DR providers are paid a revenue stream goes away, that that’s going to candidly diminish the amount of DR that’s available and remember RPM stands for reliability pricing model. That’s PJM’s number responsibility, reliability and if they will control the asset I don’t know how much they are going to be able to count on that. So you add that to the removal of the 2.5% hold back and I think all that weighs very positively for people with iron in the ground and generation assets that are there when needed.
Ralph Izzo: Sure Ashar. So the auction is in February I believe and it’s a three year forward. So it comes into service in 2018. I am not sure what month exactly but early -- first half of 2018. PennEast we have been publicizing a target date of November of ’17. We’ve also been emphasizing that it’s a Greenfield project. You could take those two emphases -- what’s the plural of emphasis - and infer your own startup date for PennEast, but it’s a Greenfield project and it will not be online before November of ’17. It wouldn’t surprise if it slips into ‘18.
Ralph Izzo: So I listed about $1.2 billion worth of project that are not in the CapEx plan and they range from Bridgeport Harbor to PennEast and I mentioned Artificial Island which is about $250 million in our re-submittal. And I am looking with a critical look at Kathleen and Carol to see whether or not we have publicly announced what we have put in the open window for PJM. 
Ralph Izzo: We have not okay. So there are other things we are working on right now, nothing that’s staggering or tilts the balance sheet but we are always looking at ways to improve the system and we’ll definitely have an update for you on that in the not very distant future.
Ralph Izzo: So Julien good morning. We like the integrated model we love the regulated utility business, we love the power generation business. We look at every project, whether it’s a solar farm in California, we have closed on one recently, or bidding a combined cycle unit in New England or building more transmission on a discounted cash flow basis with different hurdle rates and make sure that they are NPV positive, that there is near-term visibility to the accretion and the balance sheet gives us room to do both in both businesses.  So where there is no shortage of us strolling around looking for these opportunities and there is a long list of those we’ve walked from, because others had a different point of view of what the future held. But no, you shouldn’t interpret the Bridgeport Harbor project as any shift in our affection for the regulated utility or anything of that nature. I don’t know, Caroline you may want to add to that.
Ralph Izzo: So that has not been decided formally at this point, Julien. I would point out that as Caroline mentioned a moment ago we have put in for a transmission formula rate adjustment of north of $180 million and the BPU has made it a policy that transmission increases are pass through. I believe there was a similar ruling on SREC issues a couple of years ago. So in general I think the BPU has recognized that if they want to continue to have a fully competitive active BGS market the things that are outside of the control of the BGS suppliers have to be adjusted on an as-go basis.  But they have not opined specifically on an incremental capacity auction change that could come out of a PJM’s most recent concern over asset performance.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, so those details have yet to be worked out but it would safe to assume that they would in the same vicinity as what a regulated return would achieve if the investment had delivered upon the promise to operational performance, right. So don’t think of this as having an effective ROE of 20% or 30% and don’t think of it as something that would be south of 10%. It’s just okay if we think this LIPA is going to do X and it does X than in our eyes then that should have been a prudent investment but there is a slight increase in risk that’s taken as a result of that kind of mechanism.
Ralph Izzo: The numbers we gave earlier Julien, our original program of $200 million, the expanded program of $345 million, both of those were four year programs. So you would not see all that programmatic emphasis or capital deployment take place in the first year, it would be over four years. 
Ralph Izzo: Good morning Neil so it’s the same exact sequencing of uses as we have today. So 125,000 to 150,000 bcf a day -- 125 bcf a day. So the priority customer would be the utility regulated distribution gas customer, they get first [chance] at that. Second would be off system sales and then lastly would be power used for burning in its plant. So what tends to happen under those three tiered prioritizations is that Power really doesn’t get to make a lot of use of that additional low cost gas in the winter months. A little bit more but not a lot in the spring as we start to refill for storage reasons but gets to use a whole bunch of it in the summer when storage is completed and there’s no heating demand. Right now  Power is using about 25% -- about 25% of the gas the Power burns is from the [inaudible] region it could go up on a percentage basis from that. 
Ralph Izzo: So I think, there’s two things are important in New England market. Number one is what you just mentioned. They have gone through an undersupply condition as assets announced and carry through on their retirement. But number two is really what Caroline pointed out which is a risk reward profile has shifted to be a little bit saner when you’re making an investment and you want a recovery on your long run marginal cost not just your short run marginal cost. So the seven year capacity payment is extremely helpful there.  I think the big question is the one that you hinted at in New England, that’s around energy markets, given the lack of infrastructure for natural gas into the region. You’re going to find people looking at assets that are near existing infrastructure and have a dual fuel capability and I'm pleased to say that we have both of those in our Bridgeport Harbor side we have both access to gas and we will go for dual fuel.  Lastly on the capacity [margin] addition to the seven year construct, the change in the slope on demand curve allowing for return some of the missing money that plagued that region. 
Ralph Izzo: Yeah so, good morning Paul you’re obviously quoting around numbers, the team is running through details right now. We’re filing permit applications so we just think of that as one significant figure and not three significant figures in terms of the accuracy. I think the bigger challenges people had in terms of building has been access to gas. That’s been the number one concern and that one we have well in hand. But we don’t want to give you an exact amount on our -- on what kind of bids are we getting from folks in terms of engines. We’re just [continuing] to the back calculating what we might been in the option and that wouldn’t help anyone. 
Ralph Izzo: Yeah well I think that a lot of the distributed resources that are being advocated, they are going to put upward pressure on prices for customers. I mean there are other reasons for doing things like with rooftop solar and offshore wind that’s being advocated just off of Long Island, and those are capturing some of the environmental benefits that are not baked in. Right now the missing [extra analogy] if you will. Having said that there are some other parts of the program, specifically energy efficiency which while they will also serve to increase rates they will bring overall bills down.  So I think a lot depends upon how aggressive people want to be in making in-roads to capturing the benefits associated with the [extra analogies]. We are big advocates of this, both on Long Island and New Jersey but we never tell people that doing this stuff is going to lower their rates. It’s -- you’re getting a benefit you’re having to pay for it. So there are some things that we can do in terms of making sure that some of the reinforcements of that would have to be made in the distribution system are foregone or delayed as a result of perhaps some peak shaving or some broader demand response programs that we can target. And there are some parts on Long Island I think it’s on the South Fork where there’s been a significant growth in peak demand and otherwise command the need for some infrastructure that we will be able to delay.  But it really is a much more complicated question than simply gee, we’re doing this to lower everyone’s bills and lower everyone’s rates. The answer really depends on what this is and how aggressive one wants to be on that sort of green agenda. 
Ralph Izzo: A good question Paul, yes so we had a bit of a change at the BPU. It was all due respect to the commissioners who’ve gone off. We have two new commissions who are quite astute about both energy policy in the form of President Mroz and in terms of the technology strength, weaknesses, limitations in the form of Former Assemblyman Chivukula. He’s a Nautical Engineer by training. He has spent 20 years at Bell Labs. This is a very, very intelligent man who understands the complexity of capital in terms of infrastructure and Rick is well known entity in policy circles in New Jersey and he has actually worked in the energy sphere in the past. So I think that those are two strong additions to balance the BPU. The world is very different now from where it was in El Cap where in the ALCAP days you had strong basis differentials West to East. You have a coal dominated West, the gas dominated East and people were always scratching their heads saying we don’t understand why we pay so much in New Jersey and sadly last month basis was the other way around. It was lower in the West than it was in the East and gas has kind of changed that whole dynamic and I think as a result you’ll see people realizing that the market is working, it’s doing what it’s supposed to do and prices are going to be going up for everybody I believe, and this is a new RPM market as the missing money, appropriately gets restored.  So no one likes to pay high prices for energy, there’s no [inaudible] bucks around that but no one wants to see the lights go out either, we came dangerously close in ’14 and a similar winter in ’15 and they probably would go out. So I think PJM is doing the right thing in trying to address that and New Jersey knows that PJM has done a better job than just about any place in the country in making sure those lights stay on. 
Ralph Izzo: Thanks Kathleen. So just wanted to reinforce three messages or comments made by Caroline and me earlier. First of all the utility growth story is very much intact and not only is it doing what we said would do this year but following it for is very much exactly on where we said we would be for 2015. Secondly, hopefully you are as impressed by Power’s diverse asset base as we are in terms of not only its strong performance in current markets whatever the gas prices are doing, whatever coal prices are doing but also how strong a performance it is and how well positioned it is even as we look forward to the ever changing environmental rules and market design parameters. I think we have dual fuel capability, we have units that strong and high capacity factors, all of them have a great position in the CP market if the risk reward profile are in the details as we go forward, is done sensibly and I have every reason to believe that PGM moves you that sensibly.  So growth story intact, with the utility Power’s diverse asset base once again demonstrating its strength and last but by no means least the balance sheet remains as strong as ever. So as Kathleen said we look forward to seeing you in days ahead and hopefully for most of us that means the [Inaudible]. Thank you for your time today. 
Caroline D. Dorsa: Absolutely and I think when we look at these kind of opportunities, as Ralph said, we are disciplined in looking at the NPV, using the right hurdle rates. I think the thing that makes us interesting in Bridgeport is you think about the capacity construct there and what they put in place giving a seven year incentive which really helps us think through how to make that work for new investment. So those kinds of constructs that truly can convert something really can encourage new investment and we think are very good.
Caroline D. Dorsa: And just keep in mind as you are thinking about the modeling for Long Island and I know you know this but just to reinforce so we have $0.03 per share this year rising to $0.07 to $0.08 per share by 2016 and that does not include any potential uplift that we might get from these new proposals that we are making. So that’s the base contract that’s currently enforced something here would be additional.
Caroline D. Dorsa: So thanks for the question Dan. We took up the bottom end of the range right, but we’ve also said that we expect to be at the high end of the range. The one thing I think you should always keep in mind as you do the quarter-over-quarter comparisons which you saw this quarter for the first time as the full quarter, right, last quarter was just a month, is capacity, right? So capacity on a quarter-over-quarter basis just like you saw this quarter is a $0.09 impact and so you have to start there right, that’s significant dollars, but of course we knew that. We took that into account in our guidance all the way through the year. So that’s the number one thing I would suggest that you consider.  Of course going the other direction is we do expect favorability in the O&M, as I mentioned. So that’s going to go a little bit to positive direction and then the normal kind of unit operations, keep in mind we have Salem 1 and Peach Bottom outages which I mentioned during my remarks that Peach Bottom outage is a good one for us because it’s the EPU going into one of the units that will give us more megawatts for the future. So but those things obviously have an impact in the expected generation.  So if you think about the pushes and pulls you’ve got Salem 1, you’ve got Peach Bottom in near term, before the winter period of course, you’ve got capacity at $0.09 going the negative direction, fully anticipated; you’ve got O&M going in the positive direction because full year we are guiding to about flat so you can pretty easily do the math. We were worse in O&M in the first two quarters, better in this quarter, anticipate to be better in the fourth quarter and then of course it’s just a normal operations and whatever the weather is at the beginning of the winter.  So all in we still expect to be at that upper end of the range. We feel the bottom, but really haven’t changed our thinking which is with normal operations you’d see us be at the upper end, [which is what] drives the company to the upper end. 
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yeah, that’s right, think about the outages I just mentioned but still consider us we’re talking about the high end of the range. 
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yeah, sure so the year-to-date not as strong as ’13. So let’s kind of wind back and look at what happened in ’13. We saw the Leidy differential really appear in ’13 at the end of the second quarter. And that Leidy differential became pretty wide as we got into the summer of 2013 and we talked about differentials being as much as $2. And then of course it was that warm weather and the warm weather is what drove and kept that differential from the Leidy price to the actual market price rate for the energy.  This summer was quite different with the cooler weather on the CHI basis depending on weather compared to last year or normal 13% to 18% lower in terms of the weather. So extensive to the site CHI, what we actually have is Leidy gas costs are still lower the problem was for the summer with the lower demand and the cooler weather the differential of Leidy to thinking about where energy is priced in our market, looking at G6, [inaudible] that dropped those prices down. So what happened was the differential really collapsed.  Leidy was still cheaper than Henry Hub but the differential moved together as opposed to last summer when it moved more widely apart because of the low demand for the power. Now keep in mind as we think about Leidy going forward you think about Leidy for us we have that access, it’s about 25% of Power’s overall gas usage as Ralph just mentioned and I think what we’re still expecting to see and you can see if you look at monthly data going forward is the choppiness to the pattern of how to think about basis. Just like we seen actually now for the last two winters the months make a difference so as we come into 2015 we still expect to see benefit from having Leidy, it’s really just about how that basis differential moves relative to power prices.  And so the winter periods and the strong summer period we would still expect to see some basis differential on our favor. This was just a tough summer because the low demand led to the lower power prices, not because Leidy prices came up because power prices came down. Last year you may recall we had $0.03 from the Leidy benefit in the third quarter and that’s the $0.03 negative year-over-year I’m citing in this year’s third quarter that I attribute to weather. It’s really the spot spread going back to a normal level versus that expanded spot we had given the differential last summer. 
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yeah so year-to-date numbers in terms of the gas benefit we had about $0.03 benefit in the first quarter, remember it was a strong winter so it’s about neutral on a year-to-date basis, about zero. 
Caroline D. Dorsa: Last year when the Leidy differential really started to spread it was the end of the second quarter. So there really wasn’t sort of the first quarter of last year effect. So last year at this time it was about $0.03 and for the full year it was $0.05. But that included the fourth quarter so we haven’t got to the fourth quarter yet. So $0.05 full year, $0.03 to this point last year and this year it’s about neutral. 
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yeah, so we’re very pleased obviously with the decision we think it reflects the right balance from the perspective of the company and the rate payers. Thinking about our rate filing which would be made by November of 2017 and then the five year look back period. The impact for us is di minimus. So really not something you really should be thinking too much about as we think about our rate case numbers going forward because by that period if you take a five year look back you do the adjustment you do the 75:25 it’s truly di minimus. 
