Daniel J. Cregg: Jonathan, I think we're in a good place right now. The best information that we have is what we have booked to, really based upon what we know about the liquidity issues at REMA, the issues surrounding the facilities themselves, and basically the alternative outcomes through our discussions with them. So, we think based upon what we know right now, to the best of our information, we've recorded to where we think things will be when all is said and done.
Daniel J. Cregg: Yeah. Between Keystone and Conemaugh, there's about $55 million of total investment that remains on the books.
Daniel J. Cregg: Yeah. So, as you know, this has been an issue that's been around for a while and 2014 is when it began, and there was that $25 million charge that was taken in 2014. We are moving forward with it. There's still a fair bit of uncertainly that remains, but based upon where we are right now within the investigation and discussions, the lower end of the range of our exposure as we've seen it has raised to $35 million from that $25 million number that we had. And that was the driver behind the reserve that we know.
Daniel J. Cregg: Yeah. So frankly, as we look that product in particular, most of what we'll see throughout the year takes place in the first three months of the year. So, I would say that the BGSS component of our business really will have minimal impact until we get into December, so not a whole lot of variability that we would anticipate until we get adjusted to the fourth quarter there. We have seen some delay in pipelines. I agree on that front, but we have seen some movement within the basis as well. I think that over time as we continue to see more takeaway capacity built, we will see some levelization of gas prices over time.
Daniel J. Cregg: Yeah. That's all it is, Greg. I'd say the most solid impact is what we've seen year-to-date on the winter. So, the lower end of that range stay the same. We just took the top-end down by 1 terawatt hour.
Daniel J. Cregg: Yeah. Maybe two ways to think about that, Praful. One is – I don't know that I would say that we are necessarily hedging the highest prices earlier and then moving down the scale. There's on-peak and off-peak hedges that get put on without a particular pattern necessarily. So, I would diffuse you of your first thought that it's definitely the higher prices. That said, as we look to the outer years of our disclosed hedge prices and into 2019, given that we've had some BGS auctions that have rolled through, some of that 2019 volume is based upon BGS and we decomposed the BGS price and pull out the capacity components, but there are some other non-energy components that are in there that give a little bit of a lift to that price. So, maybe not so much the fact that it's the higher price or the on-peak prices that have been hedged, but more so that some of the BGS volume that rolls into 2019 shows that price to be what it is. But that's the makeup of it.
Daniel J. Cregg: I mean, I think the one that we would point to is we have our Sewaren plant that's coming in, but maybe I would say you have the RPM auction that has happened for the past couple years. You can see what has come forth from the standpoint of new capacity there. And in the last auction, there was nothing that was in EMAAC. But that's your best indication as to what's going to happen in the near term, near term being three years out coming out of the capacity auction given indication. So, you'll be able to see what supply and demand has committed to the market three years out. And then, the other thing that we look at that we talked about briefly before is just overall supply of gas and pipeline capacity in the region.
Daniel J. Cregg: And then, Paul, this all will be a public process. So, as it progresses over time, you will be able to see the discussions that are going on and how it is going.
Daniel J. Cregg: Not resolved. Next week is the beginning of the process. I believe there's – you may see some more discussion around it next week that would give more of an indication. But I think as far as when it would end is we don't know right now.
Ralph Izzo: So, that's a subject of ongoing dispute at FERC. I think the bottom line for us is that there's no question about recovery of investments that we make. But you're right, Antoine, there will be some healthy debate over who pays that. But at the end of the day, we are getting paid.
Ralph Izzo: Hi, Greg. Yeah. We're following the DOE studies through EEI, which is we're paying very careful attention to what the future prospects are for base load generation, primarily in organized markets, but in general around the country. And the discussions we've had at every level, right, so we've been talking to people at federal levels, we've been talking to people at PJM, we've been talking to people at state, is that regional and national solutions are preferred, but given the time that's required for naming of FERC commissioners, getting your arms around the value of fuel diversity, getting your arms the value of the environmental impacts of NOx, SO2, carbon, et cetera, that states should be in the lead on those attributes that they value and those programs should go away as regional and federal programs take over. So, it's not a question of holding off on everything until we get clarity from DOE by any means.
Ralph Izzo: It's possible. Sure. We all know what the time frames are at PJM and at FERC, but, yes, it is possible.
Ralph Izzo: We haven't drawn a line in the sand, Praful. I mean, our units are hedged. And as we've said publicly that our – because of those hedges generating positive cash flow, however, as one looks at the forward price curve, as those hedges roll off, that cash flow becomes more and more challenge. And in fact, if you believe the forward price curve out three years, those cash flows turn negative. One then has to ask, well, what do you think will happen to the price curve beyond that? So, rather than draw a line in the sand, what we've said is we ought to work collectively with people to make sure that the attributes of nuclear are being compensated in the market. And that to the extent that those attributes are not being compensated, they should look at providing a needs tests for nuclear plant to say, okay, if they are in fact not profitable and are at high risk of going away and we will regret losing those attributes, then we want to make sure they don't go away. So, I think what we've tried to go out of our way to say is the day we announce a date, we are in a mode that is a place that nobody ought to want to be, because these assets are too valuable to the state of New Jersey for us to announce a date. So, we're doing all we can to avoid having to do that.
Ralph Izzo: Angie, I would say right now we're in what I would call an education phase. And the only thing that we know for a fact in New Jersey is that if New Jersey were to agree to the importance of nuclear from an environmental point of view, from a regional economy point of view, from a fuel resiliency point of view is that it would require legislation. And I just have a lot of confidence that New Jersey will give it serious thought. I mean, the issues are pretty clear here. If those assets are not earning their cost of capital over the long term or if they turn cash flow negative, we'll retire them. That will be a very painful decision given the impact it has on New Jersey, but, unfortunately, it's a very clear decision for us from a shareholder point of view. So, now, the question is how do policymakers feel about the increased emissions of NOx, SO2, CO2, single-fuel dependency. And I thank you for your question. This is not a slam against natural gas. This is not a projection that natural gas won't be abundant for decades to come. It's not a slam against renewables. This is the case for the value of fuel diversity, the value of not putting all your eggs in one basket, the value of something that does not have air emissions, the value of something that has, candidly, really good jobs, and obviously the laws of economics, supply and demand. You cannot remove 40% of the supply without having an increase in prices in New Jersey. And that's something New Jersey consumers should not like. So, once the plants become quote uneconomic, they still have enormous value to New Jersey. So that's what we're doing right now. We're just educating people about that. To us right now, they are still positive cash flow generators.
Ralph Izzo: And we do not try to outguess the forward price curve. As you know, we run this company in accordance with a hedging program that feathers in the forward price curve. Now, we're working hard to lower our cost at nuclear and try to fight against that stream, that current.
Ralph Izzo: Of course, we discuss that all the time and you know us well enough, Angie, to know that we're not going to disclose that. You're really asking how we we're going to bid the units in RPM and we just never talk about things like that.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Chris, partially only. We're still confused and our technical people have a different point of view than what was published by PJM, in particular on the CETL/CETO parameters as it pertains to the PS Zone, and in particular, PS North. So, we are going to follow the appropriate communication channels to PJM. And I'm sure that they will post our communications with them on Oasis or whatever other mechanisms they choose. So, it was better the second time around, but we still either need to be educated or PJM needs to make some further changes.
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, think it's more than likely for future auctions, Chris. I've lost track of time. I think today's April 28 and the auction starts in two and a half weeks. So, I think we're talking about future auctions.
Ralph Izzo: So, as you know, the most important thing we have up in ISO-New England is the construction of a new combined-cycle gas turbine unit, which has a seven year lock on prices. So, we're good to go for the foreseeable future. So the changes that you're referring to are not of a big consequence to us.
Ralph Izzo: No. Paul, we haven't. I mean, the reality is last congressional stab at tax reform has some phasing out of both the production and investment tax credits. I suppose Congress could revisit that and try to further accelerate those phase-outs. The real issue is what happens in organized markets to price the attributes of fuel diversity and/or environmental attributes. And I think that's less about doing away with something and creating something and that, as the earlier questions pointed out, really lends itself more to a stakeholder process or a discussion that would play itself out over the coming months, if not, years, which is why we would say that state action is likely going to front run any federal consensus on these issues. But to be blunt, Paul, we're reading the same stuff you are and just getting feedback through EEI on what this all means.
Ralph Izzo: Sure, yes. No, we haven't discussed it. I describe it as a step in the right direction on an issue that we and the board staff and others have been talking about now for a well over a year. You may remember, we have filed 14 trackers/clause programs over the past 10 years and had all 14 approved, not exactly as we had filed them, but with modifications. And it's become abundantly clear to us and to the board staff that many of these programs that we've initiated have many, many years ahead of them. I mean, we have an aging infrastructure that needs replacement. And to constantly go back in because of an 18-month program's expiration is just suboptimal in terms of how much work you can do efficiently. So, things like training programs for long-term employees, permanent hires versus contractors are things that we don't do now because we don't know whether our capital program is going to end in 18 or 36 months. So, what the board has come out with, all right, we'll give things a kind of a standard recovery mechanism in a five-year life, but in exchange you have to come in for rate case every five years. And given the actions to load growth, that seems like a very, very reasonable thing to do. Now, the devil's in the details, and based upon the straw man that was put out, there's a couple of significant improvements that we think we need to be made. I'm sure that maybe some other folks who have a different point of view. But we think it's a good step in terms of realizing that long-term ongoing infrastructure replacement should not be done in 18-month increments. And giving us five years of clarity will help us hire the people, train the people, invest in new equipment that can help us replace miles of pipe more efficiently and reinforce circuits more efficiently and do things that customers are expecting from us. So, to be continued but certainly a constructive first step.
Ralph Izzo: Sure. So, thank you all again for joining us. As is often the case, we're greatly appreciate it. As is always the case indicates, we're greatly appreciate of you spending your time with us. So, hopefully, the main messages you heard is that the utility investment program is on track. We're doing things that are valuable to customers and hopefully provide a fair risk-adjusted return to our investors. We certainly view them as being such. Dan briefly mentioned, but it's worth repeating that the Power construction program is on schedule and on budget, so all looks okay there. We continue to realize the benefits of careful cost control in the utility, in PSEG Power and that commitment is a daily one and you can rest assure that will continue out to the future. And lastly, we are engaged in some policy discussions that we believe can be helpful to our customers and our shareholders whether it's energy efficiency, recognizing the value of nuclear or putting in place predictable long-term infrastructure programs, all of which will help us run our system more efficiently and in a way that's safe, reliable and affordable for all involved. I'm sure Kathleen and Dan and I will see you at various venues in weeks and months ahead, and we look forward to chatting with you at that time. Thank you.
