Caroline Dorsa: Sure. Paul, it's Caroline. So you may recall that we have experienced a decrease in pension expense since the increase we had between 2008 and 2009. So we do anticipate a decrease in pension expense in the order of about $30 million between the 2 years. That contributes to an overall slight decrease in our O&M, on a year-on-year basis. If you excluded the decrease in pension, O&M is reasonably flat at pension.
Caroline Dorsa: Yes, Paul, it's Caroline. Yes, you're right. It's a little too early to change any of our expectations and forecasts for the full year based on what we saw this year -- this quarter. Pointing out not just the migration levels but also the headroom, headroom was essentially flat to what headroom was last year in the first quarter. And as you know, as you think about this over a multi-quarter period, it is the headroom that in the long term matters relative to the ability of retailers to garner customers. So flat headroom year-over-year. And by the way, flat at not a very high amount. You remember last year, we saw headroom get very flat as we had a very, very hot summer and high prices in the marketplace, 2 years ago headroom was higher. So that impression of real-time prices given what happens in the market, either because of demand or driven by the economy or weather, makes a difference to headroom and in the long term, that's what drive the ultimate migration. So it's a little too early from one quarter to modify our expectations at this point. But so far, a little bit better than what we were expecting.
Caroline Dorsa: Yes, Jonathan, it's Caroline. No, nothing going on unusual in there. Keep in mind when we provided the hedging data at the March 7 meeting or at the last call, we had the BGS results that had a portion in there. So now we're just adding some incremental hedging for 2013 as you normally would expect that we do, and of course as you add those hedges, prices come down slightly relative to what was embedded with the BGS hedges. So nothing usual there, really just layering on hedges.
Caroline Dorsa: Yes. So good question, Jonathan. We were able to pay down the debt in April from cash on hand as I mentioned, given the strong performance through the first quarter. Relative to refinancing, obviously, we look at those plans over the long term. Don't have any immediate plans for refinancing. And of course, we watch the metrics for PEG Power and they're in very good shape in terms of where we ended the quarter, debt to cap of 40%. So no immediate plans. The balance sheet's in very good shape over the long term. You should anticipate obviously seeing us do some refinancing. The next maturity actually for PEG Power, doesn't come until later into 2012. So we have a pretty stable balance sheet for Power right now. So maybe over the long term, but nothing coming up in the near term. We don't need it.
Caroline Dorsa: Right, so, Paul, good question. Relative to New England, though, it's really all about coal because, as I mentioned, what we have in New England, of course, is our Bridgeport Harbor Station. And so, given where prices are and where the spreads are, it's a little hard to forecast at this period of time. But we did have some, obviously lower generation because of having the coal fleet and just the challenges right now for coal in that market relative to gas.
Caroline Dorsa: And then back on your question relative to longer term. So obviously, the economics of coal and dispatch are challenged right now, and that's what Bridgeport is experiencing. Over the longer term, we do expect coal to return. In fact, if you look at our hedging data and the terawatt hours we expect to generate for the subsequent years, you see increases over this year, and that's from the expected improvement across the fleet from coal generation, given that long-term expectation for some improvement in dark spreads.
Caroline Dorsa: Right, so remember, Paul, as we always talk about, the prices quoted in the spot market and the prices that we pay for coal are different because you have to factor in transportation and, of course, the contracting that we have. So if you think about what we have for coal and, by the way we're relatively hedged for coal out through '11 and '12. The prices that we pay -- keep in mind now that the BET's in service, we're not using the Adaro coal at Hudson, and that reduces prices on a per megawatt hour basis to about the mid-40s this year relative to having Adaro coal last year. And by the way, the pricing at Bridgeport Harbor with Adaro this year, and you know we have a re-set that occurs at the end of each year, is about the high 40s relative to Adaro. And then for Mercer, given the BET, it actually also has prices that are around the mid-40s on a per megawatt hour basis as well. And of course, Key/Con continues to run the cheaper coal, the NAPP coal. But that hasn't changed on a year-on-year basis, and that's the lowest priced coal. And actually, that's the unit that was running more -- the 2 units that were running more this quarter. So if you compare quarter-over-quarter, you're seeing less coal being run, and it's the higher-priced coal, if you will, from the units last quarter -- last year's quarter, like Bridgeport versus this quarter. Less coal is running so there's a higher proportion that represents Key/Con, which is the cheapest coal.
Caroline Dorsa: Well, keep in mind, when you look at the way we've now configured our slide, just to make sure we kind of give you the detail on how we did the hedging. We used to provide the hedging data for you on the basis of nuclear and coal and our hedging percentage of nuclear and coal and nothing else, right? And that's where we would talk about how BGS layered in and went from being about 50% of the nuclear and coal to about 35% to where it is now with migration. We've now split out the chart in a different way. So when you look at base load on our chart, so if you look at the chart that we've provided, let's just go out to look at 2012 because it's a full year, you see 36 terawatts hours, but that's a different calculation of the total. It is not total nuclear and coal. It is nuclear and base load coal. So it is nuclear and Keystone and Conemaugh. The coal that we have Hudson and Mercer and Bridgeport is in the intermediate coal category, which is now together with combined cycle and peaking. So the numbers that you think of from the previous way we provided the slide was a different cut of the data. We've now tried to cut it in a way that we hoped would be more helpful, which is to give you base load, those units that typically are running all the time, and of course, nuclear is one of those, and Key/Con, as I just mentioned earlier, tends to run most of the time. And then provide the rest of our fleet in the second category and then give you the breakout of the hedging between the 2 categories, category by category, and in total. So in the aggregate, there's not an expectation of a different expected total generation of the fleet, at all. And you see, we moderated a little bit year by year as we run the forwards and look at the dispatch, but we've tried to break the data out in a different way that we hoped would be more helpful to you. And we'll update it as we've done this quarter on an ongoing basis, inclusive of the total amount of hedging that moves into the intermediate fleet, more than just coal if we're doing some nearer-term combined-cycle hedging. So that's the reason for the difference, and I hope that helps square the map from the prior charts.
Caroline Dorsa: Right, not on base load volumes, because, keep in mind, that we haven’t base loaded since Key/Con, and they have to run, right? The dark spread impacts you're seeing, as I talked about on the remarks, related to the mid-merit coal in the current environment, but we do expect more generation in the out years with the improvement in dark spreads, and that's why you see the total terawatt hours climbing in the out years.
Caroline Dorsa: Sure. So, thanks for the question. Of course we did increase the dividend last year, in the first quarter, and what we announced this year was the dividend at the same level. So we didn't have an increase this year. And keep in mind, as you know, our guidance relative to the dividend is on a payout ratio target basis of between 40% and 50% of our operating earnings as our dividend payout. Given the operating earnings forecast that we have provided and reconfirmed again on this call, if you look at the midpoint approximately and look at our dividend, you would get to a payout of about 52%. So while we don't look at the 40% to 50% as an absolute, and we're not at all uncomfortable with the 52%, given the current challenges relative to pricing in the market, we felt that the balance of always monitoring that payout so we can keep it in that range on a long-term level. But given what's happening with prices right now, it seemed appropriate to keep it at the same level at this point in time. But of course, we look to that over the long term, as well.
Caroline Dorsa: Oh sure, sure, Nathan. So in other income, one of the things that is in that is the NDT, the impact of the NDT Trust. So we have 2 items that we pull out of our operating earnings and put, if you will, below the line for operating earnings purposes. One is the mark-to-market on transactions that actually are not the Trading portfolio, but transactions that relate to our assets. That is in margins, so that is not in other income. But the NDT trust, which is an over $1 billion trust that we have dedicated to reconditioning of our nuclear plants, that is something that, the results of which go into other income, but then we take them out for operating earnings purposes. You'll see some benefit relative on a year-on-year basis in the NDT portfolio this quarter, and it relates to the fact that, that portfolio is recognized in our income statement on the basis of realized gains when securities are sold, not, if you will, on a mark-to-market basis when there are embedded gains. It's sort of like holding a stock that's in your portfolio. You don't recognize the gain until you sell it. We did some portfolio modifications in terms of our managers, long-term portfolio and equity in bonds, and by virtue of making some manager changes, some of the securities were liquidated. Those gains roll through the NDT line, comes into other income on the GAAP statement, goes below operating earnings for purposes of our disclosures to you.
Ralph Izzo: So Paul, as you know, we don't project outcomes. We are in the middle of the auction right now. Data was being submitted this week and final results will be posted by PJM a week from Friday on May 13. So that's about all we're prepared to say at this time.
Ralph Izzo: So, yes, we've joined with others in Connecticut in identifying the fact that that's really going to just increase customer bills in the state, and is not in the state's best interest. So we're an active participant in that right now, Paul.
Ralph Izzo: Well, let me make sure I understand the question right. So the net coal number is a combination of the capacity of the construction coal and the energy price historically viewed over the prior 3 years. So in this particular year, we have 2 anomalous years in the history, if you will, Julien, we have the $13 permit BTU days of 2008, and we have the incredibly hot summer of 2010. So I believe the net CONE [Cost of New Entry] number this year for combined cycle is about $205 or $210, something of that sort. And the minimum offer price rule says that you can bid no less than 90% of that, which gets you down to $185 level. So you have to have a summer in '11 that not likely to be driven by high gas prices, just because of the fundamentals of the market. But would have to be driven by the high weather of -- and even that probably doesn't get you to what we saw in 2008. So our expectations would be that the net CONE number next year is likely to be higher for a combined cycle unit than it is this year. What...
Ralph Izzo: No, I don't want to put that number out there, but PJM will publish it in January of '12. So we'll all know together.
Ralph Izzo: So I think that our history of, perhaps, predicting regulatory schedules is one that lends itself more to coming out a little bit later rather than on time or sooner. If you look overall, many of these filings went in, in November of last year. So we're still within a 5-month window. So I wouldn't read anything into this other than people are busy and they're tackling LCAPPs and SOCAs [standard offer capacity agreements] and infrastructure filings, and we're having very productive conversations with the staff about the importance of these things. And as we said April last time, we appeared to have missed the deadline, but we're not worried about the long- term acceptability of it.
Ralph Izzo: So we talk about it all the time, Brian, but it has not changed. We are terrific and getting even better at running power plants and making sure that the output of those power plants is there when needed to supply the market. And the Retail business is fundamentally a different business. So our strategy continues to be to have operational advantages, operational broadly defined as cost advantages, environmental advantages, and those are related to each other in competitive markets. And that's the business I think we're good at, and that's where I think I still see value creation opportunities.
Ralph Izzo: Well, Brian, that is something we have said consistently for a good number of years, that we would like to see diversification outside of New Jersey-only footprint. And the characteristics, the features of markets we're looking for are competitive markets with the opportunity to demonstrate our operational capabilities and our -- so that we've been quite candid and straightforward on. That has not changed either.
Ralph Izzo: Well, yes, Steve, it's always a little risky to give other people's reactions, right? So I'll play back to you what we've seen reported in the press, which is that the regulatory reaction has been one of disagreement and an intention to appeal to FERC and possibly to appeal in the courts. So I think that speaks for itself. And we'll –- at the risk of throwing a bit of a lifesaver to FERC, not that they need one from me, we too were slightly disappointed. We thought that the clearing price should have been multiple years as opposed to one year. So maybe FERC got it right, but they didn't satisfy everybody with their decision. But nonetheless, we think at least that there was a very constructive decision and one that moved in the right direction. So I'd rather not speak for others, I guess, is my bottom line there.
Ralph Izzo: So, Steve, we think about this over the long term, I couldn't agree with you more. It's, perhaps, in the DNA of the executive team to always believe the stock market's not giving you enough credit, that's perhaps a separate conversation. So we do have some investment opportunities, we talked a minute ago when Julien asked a question about the stimulus funds, and we'll have another round of RTEP [Regional Transmission Expansion Planning] to look to see what transmission needs are coming up. And so we think we have good ideas to get fair risk-adjusted returns for that capital deployment. And over the long term, I think that we still are in basically a commodity business with its ups and downs, and you want to have that strong balance sheet to protect you in the future. So I think that, over time, we will get recognition for our capital discipline and for that strength that we value so highly. And if that's not realized on a day-to-day basis by a couple of folks who are not long-term investors, then that's a price we're willing to pay.
Ralph Izzo: So when we filed 4 projects, originally, we filed them as a single unit, and FERC basically, without prejudice, refused to give us the incentive rate treatment, and in this case incentive rate treatment is really construction work in progress and recovery of any costs that may have been incurred in the event of an abandonment. And what FERC said is, "You need to come back and simply file each of these projects on their individual merits." So we have gone back, sometime -- mid-April, I think we did, and now instead of re-filing the 4 projects as a single unit, we've re-filed 5 projects separately, and we're asking for the 11.68% return on equity and the construction work in progress as well as the abandonment recovery. And we ask for those rates to be effective on June 14. Typically, FERC takes about 60 days to decide these things, and unfortunately you can't handicap them. Well, ask us on June 15 what we think the outcome will be because we probably will have had it in hand for 24 hours at that point.
Ralph Izzo: So the focus would be in unregulated. The approach we've taken on regulated growth has been an organic approach. We're just uncomfortable with the valuation of purely regulated plays, as the premium one has to pay for the regulated the play. And then the giveback that occurs in terms of the regulatory approvals that are required, whereas doing regulatory growth organically is something that we think has been a benefit to our shareholders as well as our customers in terms of meeting some of the policy objectives of the state. And the unregulated space, we would look for expansion both in terms of wholesale power generation as well as renewables growth. The challenge there, of course, is not being bitten by the winner's curse. And what we look to is to find assets that we can materially improve their operation or make capital improvements that are consistent with capital improvements we've made in the past so that we have an ability to differentiate ourselves other than simply having some unreasonable rosy forecast of what forward prices are going to be.
Ralph Izzo: So, Nathan, it's actually not the Bureau of Land Management, it's the National Park Service. They're one of the entities, and we did -- we will be giving further detail in the Q, but we did receive a letter from the National Park Service yesterday, saying that they expect a 3-month delay in the issuance of that permit. And because it was yesterday, our construction team has not fully evaluated what that may or may not mean for the construction schedule. So the new news is a 3-month delay, but we've not analyzed what impact that could have on construction.
Ralph Izzo: So we do not -- there's a little bit of work that has to be done there. We're delighted by the fact that the proposed rules, and as you're quick to point out, they won't be made final for another year, specifically mention the technology that we use at Salem as the best technology available or candidate -- one of the best technologies available, I would say, limits itself to one. So that's a positive outcome. The dilemma that we're faced with, that we're trying to get our engineers to get their arms around is that the fact the impingement rate that is quoted in the proposed rule, using that technology, is lower than the impingement rate we've been able to achieve. So we have some technical people trying to figure out if there's something operationally that others have done that gave EPA the confidence to go out with their impingement rate or is that perhaps a miscalculation, where that number needs to be. And our feeling with Hope Creek is already on a cooling tower operating basis.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, well, Nathan, so what I will speak to is why PSE&G signed those contracts under protest. I mean, we're just concerned that these contracts, which we're not allowed to disclose the price of the contracts, but they're above market, and they're going to require billions of dollars in price guarantees in return for some untested claims of future benefits. Now, I'll let the developers speak to why they think that it's a reasonable risk on their part or why the contract is protective of them. That's not for me to say.
Ralph Izzo: I don't -- there are some public documents, but I don't know -- I just have to be careful because as part of the utility we have access to information, and I just don't recall the details of what is and isn't available, and I'd rather just simply say you can get the agent’s report from the BPU, and that's the right way to get the information.
Ralph Izzo: So, Angie, just to make sure that we get our MACTs and RACTs and all that good stuff right, so the MACT rule, which would apply mostly to mercury emissions or SO2 and NOx, are largely anticipated to have an effect in 2015 for coal-fired generation. We're okay in that regard, having made the improvements that we've made. However, there is an ozone issue surrounding high-energy delivery days that will affect some of the older peaking units that we possess, as well as others possess, that right now look like they will be withdrawn from the market, more than likely, in 2016. Although, as the rules are written out, it's 2015, but there's been substantial discussion and some comments made by regulatory officials in the Department of Environmental Protection that they do anticipate that possibly moving out a year. So as capacity is withdrawn for environmental reasons, the market price will call for the need for additional capacity or the expansion of existing capacity. And we think that's the right way for the market to allocate resources. We've already, in fact, bid and cleared 2 new peakers in anticipation of that future. Others are bidding DSM in anticipation of that future. And what RPM is doing is making sure the lights stay on at the lowest possible price. Where we tend to disagree is when government decides that it wants to be the one to manage supply, and it agrees to 15 contracts that are above any market price that we've seen in the last 7 years. So if supply is needed, and these plants can fit underneath the market mechanisms established, then that's great. And we would expect ourselves to be full participants in that market. It's when you start guaranteeing someone a price that's above market for a decade and a half that we think that's not fair to investors who have put their capital at risk, nor to customers who have been on the hook for the long term.
Ralph Izzo: You see, you never say never, Angie. However, what we're seeing is that the headroom is changing, right? That as what seemed to be an anomaly of $13 or $14 gas prices now has resulted in a year of steady power prices with not a lot of movement in what those look like, that it's not a question of Power being able to capture all of the margin that was lost, if we're only selling its electricity at retail. The benefit of competition is that the decline in margin appears to be something that is being garnered by the customer. And that the low barriers to entry in the retail business appear to be resulting in a fairly competitive world where customers are being signed up for thin margins barely above wholesale. So we're -- 2 years ago we saw headroom that was 3x what we saw this quarter. And we think that's probably going to be a path in the future. So I don't want to second-guess other people's strategies, but given the different skill sets, given the different requirements for participating in that market, what I'd like to focus on is running power plants really, really well, and being the one that can be there when power prices reflect the needs of those retail customers, and let others worry about whether or not there's an attractive margin to be gained by being an intermediary. So I don't see right now the Retail business as being a hedge for the wholesale Power business the way others do. But believe me, we look at all sorts of data and all sorts of numbers and follow the performance of others to see if there's something we're missing. And right now I just like the fact that [indiscernible] ran 2% more this quarter than we did last year this quarter. And that's what we will pay attention to.
Ralph Izzo: Okay, thank you, Kathleen. So thank you, everyone, for your interest, for your listening in, for your questions. And despite the market conditions, I hope that you're as pleased as we are with the first quarter results. And I just want to reiterate that you can look forward to our "steady as you go" approach. I mean, we're going to continue to demonstrate a passion for operational excellence. We're going to continue to have an ironclad commitment to preserving our financial strength and a highly disciplined approach to capital deployment. So with that, I will wish all of you a very, very happy Cinco de Mayo, and we'll see you again soon. Take care.
