Ralph Izzo: Paul, it's Ralph. We did talk about it and we still are considering different options. Again to the extent that we think about retail, it's only in the context of the effectiveness of our hedges. This is not an offensive play. This is how do we make sure that assets that we own and operate in places like PS zone and in places like Eastern Mac and places like Bethlehem, New York, are effectively hedged when the liquid hub is at PJM west. So it's really just about the effectiveness of hedging and how to make sure that we optimize that. So, one thing we did to make sure we hedge effectively by purchasing the Keys Energy Center. That's not retail. That's a way to get at managing basis differentials and effective hedges. So we are still looking at it, but nothing imminent to announce.
Ralph Izzo: So that was definitely explicitly stated in Dan's point of you view, right. So we don't out guess the market. We have a very clear set of guidelines that we give our trading organization in terms of how much they can hedge in terms of max and mins, all based upon calculations of VaR and gross margin at risk, and we allow them to use their judgment in terms of how market sentiment might be affecting near term prices that may be slightly out of whack with respect to fundamentals, and we allow them to lean a little bit heavier in their hedging as they did last year which benefited us because prices did kind of come up pretty strong after last winter. And as Dan pointed out, right now we're a little bit lighter than we would typically be hedged in 2017, but still within our normal range, not taking a strong point of view that the market has this all wrong, but you can infer from that that we think maybe there's a little bit more bearishness in the market than is normally the case.
Ralph Izzo: Our Kearny peaking units did run during the summer. We did have to run our Hudson unit on gas during the summer, but Sewaren, the units that we replaced, did not run during the summer.
Ralph Izzo: That's right. We had some expansion in some of our combined cycle units which ran, our LM6000s ran, but the old steam units that sometimes in the past we had to turn on, we did not have to turn on this year.
Ralph Izzo: Well, we see really two primary operating subsidiaries in power and in utility, Travis. The earnings that you see at enterprise really are borne out of some residual legacy leases on real estate that are very, very small and of course LIPA which is on an exactly as planned trajectory of starting out at $0.03, going to $0.08 by 2017. This year I think it's about $0.03 or $0.04. Next year that will go up to $0.06 or $0.07 and then $0.07 or $0.08 two years after as per the contract. There are no plans to put a lot up at the parent level in terms of new businesses. 
Ralph Izzo: That's a very good question, Michael. We do get that from a lot of our investors so I thank you for giving us a chance to answer it. It is definitely not a strategy shift. We believe that both businesses are quite viable, quite strong, and need to be tended to in terms of their investment and growth opportunities. I think if you look at a short enough period of time, you could create whatever strategy you want to from a short enough period of time, but if I just take you back over the last five years, PSE&G made up about 80% of the capital program versus Power being 20%, and if I look ahead five years based on what I know today, that 80/20 becomes 75/25 and it's no more than that. So, if you think about Power the last five years, we spent $400 million operating nuclear units. We spent a couple $100 million dollars on peakers. We spent a couple $100 million dollars on advanced gas path upgrades. So, now we're not doing that. Instead, we're going to take an old steam unit that had 550 megawatts of capacity that there was no way it could survive in a CP future and said, okay, instead of just retiring that and leaving nothing there and losing the injection rights, let's build a combined cycle unit because we like the way those numbers look. Instead of upgrading, instead of expanding, we're going to build a natural gas combined cycle unit.  As I mentioned before when I was answering Paul's question, there's some changes going on in basis. We want to know how can we manage that better. We saw a great opportunity handling that in the key investment. At the same time we announced $1 billion in new utility investments between gas system maintenance modernization and energy efficiency, and as we pointed out that program at $300 million a year run rate has 30 years to go. We only got three years of approval. So what we have is do very strong businesses, both worthy of investment, both which we look at where we can maximize the benefit for our customers and achieve the return expectations of our shareholders. So really nothing has changed; absolutely understandable why people would ask the question. If you just looked at a three-month window, all the sudden you see, wow, Power's investing $1.6 billion and utility's investing $1 billion. but I don't think you should look at narrow short windows like that.
Ralph Izzo: So it will be close but it can't match it. So the reason for that is quite simple. I am so proud of our utility folks for controlling costs, but even in the best of years you have labor escalation in our union contracts that are like 2.5%. You just look at management wage growth of 2.5%, 3% and then you look at load growth on a weather-normalized basis of 0.4% on the electric side and I think it's 0.8% on the gas side. So you just do the arithmetic and the O&M expense outstrips the growth in load. So that bit of a drag peels away at some of the contemporaneous returns that you go get from the rate-based growth. That's why these things don't match perfectly.
Ralph Izzo: Sophie, it's an excellent question. Each of our units is over 1,000 megawatts. I think if you look at both fixed and variable O&M, I don't know if we've published the operating cost of them, but it is $37 a megawatt hour, both fixed and variable. If you look at nuclear fuel costs it's far, far, far less than that. So given our capacity prices, given our variable O&M costs, our units are absolutely fine. They'd be a lot finer if gas was at $8 and $10 an MMBtu. But as you well know, some of the challenges other units have had is, number one, their size in terms of their ability to spread their fixed cost and, number two, some of the distortions that are created by the production tax credit in particular from wind farms. That's not to minimize the competitive pressures associated with natural gas, but what we're seeing is margin compression and we're nowhere near a point operating at anything but positive margins for those units. I think there will be a period, I don't know how long that will be, of competitive pressure on them, but eventually there's going to be a price on carbon. I don't know if that's going to be under CPP or some other paradigm, and these units will be able to ride through these a little bit more difficult times without any problem and then really benefit from that carbon regimen in the future.
Ralph Izzo: And Sophie, it's important to realize that the $12 billion in the utilities prospective five-year capital program of which I think 60% or 70% is transmission. None of that is subject to FERC order 1000 competition. It's all stuff that doesn't meet the criteria for FERC 1000. The exception as Dan just implied is the $120 million of Artificial Island project that we won that's included in that number.
Ralph Izzo: Sure, thanks, Gregg, for the question. So nothing has changed really. We have this sort of three tiered prioritization on how to use the balance sheet. Number one is reinvesting in the business and we've been public about the fact that we will bid Bridgeport Harbor combined cycle unit in the upcoming forward capacity market in New England in February. I just mentioned a minute ago that the gas system needs $300 million per year and we have a three year program. If you subtract three from five that means there's two years that are unfunded in the plan right now. You may recall, Gregg, that we when we originally filed for Energy Strong goodness gracious two and half years ago we asked for $3.6 million as the first part of a five year program and we got $1.2 million approved and it was only put into a three year program, so that's halfway done already. And if you take 1.5 from 5, that means three and a half years of the five year program is unfunded, so there's $1 billion plus in investment opportunity there. So just looking at those three, Bridgeport Harbor, gas, and Energy Strong, you're looking at anywhere from $2.5 billion to $3 billion of investment opportunity that we've publicly discussed. Second thing is, look, let's face it, we know the utility's a steady grower but we know Power's in a commodity cyclical business and we know how important dividends are to our investors and we've been promising consistent growth in our dividend, so we'd like to make sure that balance sheet has a little bit of an ability to absorb some of the ebbs and flows of the commodity markets, so that's a second priority for us. And then, third but not one that we would never do but something that we talk about all the time, if our cost of capital is a little out of whack because the balance sheet is a little too robust and the investment opportunities are kind of far off, then let's think about share repurchase as a way to get that cost of capital back in line. So that really hasn't changed at all in terms of the three tier prioritization but perhaps a little more color on the details.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you very much. So, look, I hope your take away is the same as the message we were trying to deliver which is the Company is in great shape. Our fleet of plants, our nuclear units, our combined cycle units are running well. The utility is hitting all of its growth targets as it executes its capital program and the balance sheet remains very healthy. So, we hope that you all come out to meet Dan if you haven't met him just yet. He stepped right in and fabulous job for us, and we'll see you in Florida in two weeks. Thanks, everyone. Have a good day.
