Ralph Izzo: Paul, hello, it's Ralph. Obviously, you can tell my voice from Caroline’s. We put something in that we believe makes a lot of sense in the point of view of the number of customers that would be affected in a future storm. Over 800,000 fuel would be out. But what the Board is now probing more deeply into, which makes perfect sense, is given the vast size of the program, $3.9 billion over 10 years, with the lines -- with half of that in the first 5 -- a little bit more than half in the first 5, what's the cost benefit associated with each aspect of the program. So they're asking more detailed questions about, "Okay. What does it cost to harden a substation versus to underground certain lines? What is the cost benefit associated with enhancing the SCADA systems on the distribution network versus raising some of the inside plant in the substations." So it's a fair set of questions from the Board staff. We received them -- I think, it was about April 15. And last I checked with Ralph LaRossa, he was reading the draft final response to them yesterday, and we expect them to go back to the Board staff sometime this week. So I view this as normal course of business and prudent regulatory due diligence by the Board staff, and we're ready to answer, as I said, this week their questions.
Ralph Izzo: So let me break that question into 2 pieces because I respectfully will disagree with the characterization of interveners broadly defined, some interveners have. But we have 37 towns and counties that have passed resolutions supporting this. We have countless number of unions and trade associations supporting this. We have the New Jersey Chamber of Commerce supporting this. We have regular letters to the editors supporting this. We have over 5,000 people, who are a blend of employees and customers, who've signed up on our advocacy site who realized the cost of losing power, far and away, exceeds the cost of doing this. Now having said that, a microcosm of interveners have said, "Yes, we don't want this to be done during a tracker -- using a tracker." But let me be very clear. We will not do this without a tracker. These are extraordinary investments, taking the most reliable electric utility in the nation to a higher level of reliability, and we're not doing this with retroactive rate making.
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Julien. It seems to be largely the changing gas dynamics in the marketplace. So as there’s an increased build of gas gathering and transportation infrastructure, some of that volatility will be diminished in the future.
Ralph Izzo: No, I wouldn't see that at all. I mean, at a -- at an 80,000-foot level, it relates to the rise and dominance of natural gas and the infrastructure being a little bit lagging in terms of the dominance. But I wouldn't go any more specific than that.
Ralph Izzo: We don't have a schedule, Julien. But I mean -- yes, there was a 6 month anniversary of Sandy. The Board staff turned around their questions very quickly, and they did that in, I think, 10 or 15 days. Our response was very quick, 15 days. I'll simply say that I would be disappointed if we didn't have something by the end of the year. And I know everyone is working real hard to do something in the fourth quarter timeframe. But it's a complicated set of issues, and -- but one that there's been no diminishing of recognition of the importance of it. In fact, I think it grows with every passing day.
Ralph Izzo: No, Ashar, I think, maybe you misunderstood. But could you just repeat what you said in the beginning? Was it certainly about congratulations on a good quarter or something like that? Yes, the -- look, if we go back to ancient history of about 36 months ago, you would see basis numbers of about $10 to $20. And if you look at more recent history, you'd see consistent basis numbers of about $3 or $4. And we just had higher basis than that low-single digit numbers in the first quarter driven by a myriad of factors. And I think what Caroline was saying is that our locational advantages remained, we always have some power plants opened and we're never 100% hedged to take advantage of those occasional spiked increases in basis whenever you get these kind of dislocations in gas deliverability.
Ralph Izzo: No, I was about to, and then, like, 3 people sat on my head and said, "No." I'm not allowed to do that. So, no, we won't -- we don't give the specifics on the basis. It's competitive information.
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Dan. It's Ralph. Those are -- that's a series of excellent questions that I'll try to do just -- do justice in a brief response. So remember, we filed Solar in July of last year, and then we had a major event that occurred just 3 months later in the form of Sandy. So one of the things I think we and the Board are always mindful of is what are the rate effects of investments and what are the benefits associated with those investments. In the case of Solar, we've never ever shied away from the fact that Solar is not the competitive cost alternative for energy supply. This is an industry that we believe has a future. The state Energy Master Plan says it believes it has a future, and we're constantly struggling with how do you nurture it in its infancy to bring about that hope for and successful future. So given some of the promises made by panel manufacturers and people who are prominent in the industry about how the cost curve continues to decline, I think, the Board really said, "Look, in light of the other investments we need to make, does it make sense to have a 5-year program where the regulated utility is a big participant. Let's look out 3 years and let's keep this going in those market segments, where the market clearly is shying away from, that being landfills and brownfields." So you have an investment rate on the settlement that matches the investment rate that was anticipated in the original program, but over a shorter time period. And that seems fair and reasonable to us. And I guess, the best demonstration that the settlement seems fair and reasonable is that the people who didn't sign on have 1 of 2 opinions, either the program is not big enough or the program is too big, which suggests that the Board and we -- and those who did sign on have had a reasonable compromise on it. So I do think you have a situation where we have an ongoing industry that people have confidence in and believe in, but has not achieved the kind of competitive level that it needs to from the point of view of price competition. And then, you have a recognition that given the changing weather patterns of the last 18 months, has really driven home 4 months after the Solar filing that something more needs to be done in terms of grid resiliency and then that has kind of dominated the regulatory landscape since the Solar filing was done.
Ralph Izzo: No, I -- yes, I think that's correct. I think that there's just a recognition that you cannot have 3 to 4, and depending on how you count, weather events in the last 18 months knocking out millions of customers, and that's where capital needs to flow first and foremost. I do think, over the long term, and the long term is beyond 3 years, that you will see increased scrutiny to the level of subsidization needed to renewable technologies. I mean, that's just -- I think, it cannot continue in perpetuity.
Ralph Izzo: Well, so this -- it is a seasonal benefit insofar as this was the season when we had our biggest problems. The units, I think, are running, if you take out the last quarter, at 91.3% or thereabouts. If you just put in 18-month refueling outages that last 25 days, we may be having additional forced loss rate of anywhere from 1% to 3%. So I hope none of the folks at the nuclear fleet are listening to me say this, but I don't know how much harder I can push them. But we're constantly seeking they continuously improve. I just don't know how much more upside you can expect out of it. Is it -- the 101% capacity factor is a pretty darn good performance there.
Ralph Izzo: No, no. So, Paul, I'm glad you asked that question because I used the word retroactive in the Merriam-Webster's dictionary sense of the word. You are seizing upon it in a term of art that is used in our industry whereby people go back and change rates that were previously approved. That's not what I'm talking about here. I'm talking about traditional rate setting where we would deploy hundreds of millions of dollars in capital. And after watching our returns collapse, we go in and seek rate increases subject to prudency review. And what we've said consistently is that PSE&G for the last 11 years in a row was the most reliable electric utility in the mid-Atlantic region, 5 out of the last 8 years is the most reliable in the country by 1 set of measures, and we cannot put forward a $4 billion capital program to take what is arguably one of the most, if not the most, reliable utility in the nation up to a higher level and then later on ask whether or not that was prudently incurred. These are extraordinary investments that we believe are necessary and our customers are demanding but we're going to get approval upfront for that, and we're going to understand the way, in which we are going to get compensated upfront for doing that. What I mean by we'll get paid upfront, that means we'll get paid over the next 40 and 50 years over the depreciable lives of the assets at a fair return. But we're not going to do it with the kind of regulatory lag that is typical of traditional rates.
Ralph Izzo: Well, yes. I said it -- I said 2 things. I said, number one, we don't have a schedule. And, number two, I said that we would be disappointed if we didn't have something by the end of the year. I mean, no one wants to have another major storm, whether it's this summer or next summer, and then have to answer the question, "What did you do about it, and the answer be, "Nothing."
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Andy. So I -- obviously, I can't speak for the governor. What I can paraphrase, because I don't remember the exact words, were some of these early comments that were quoted in the press, which was "Clearly, we need to do something, but I am counting on the BPU to take a careful look at the cost and benefits associated with this." And that I think is as best a response as we can expect from a governor who's dealing with everything from pension reform to education reform to a whole host of other issues to trust this agency to do the work. With respect to President Hannah, I can't -- we're struggling a little bit to tie to the exact 8% number that he put out there. I'm sure there's a sound basis for it. But the confusion tends to stem from the fact that we had some charges rolling off the distribution bill over the next 3 years. And depending upon the customer class you fall into, those charges can be as low as 4% to as high as 14%. And the average residential bill would come down by about 8.7%, than they would be under the current bill. So if you do our program, you don't see that rolling off of the charge showing up in your bill. You see it being offset by the increase to our program. So we, of course, say your bill will be flat. Others say, "No, no, no. They're increasing your bill by 6% to 8% and then they're just going to chew up the discount. Well, That's true. But I'd rather use less derogatory terms and say that what we're trying to do is save 800,000 customers from losing power in another Sandy-like event. And this is the right time to do it. We've got an improvement in our credit rating. We're borrowing money at 30 years for 3.65%. We have labor available, and we have some charges from restructuring that are rolling off. So no one is saying things that are inaccurate. It's just you need to be careful about how you are rolling off of charges and the layering in of increases that would ever come from this program.
Ralph Izzo: No, I think the president will give very, very careful scrutiny to the cost and benefits associated with what we're doing. And I've got a lot of confidence in our team proposing things that make sense to do. I don't -- again, I can't speak for President Hannah. I don't think you should conclude that he is doesn’t think anything needs to be done or that we should put capital at risk without knowing how we're going to get compensated for it.
Ralph Izzo: So while Caroline digs out some of those numbers, Stephen, out, you forgot to mention, "Congratulations on the first quarter." But what we've seen generally speaking is that our fuel flexibility in terms of the Hudson and Mercer stations being able to switch has been a big plus for us right now. And we do tend to run them on gas whenever it's $5 or less. But when we've seen some of the spikes in prices that we saw in the first quarter, we did run on coal fairly extensively. I think, probably about half the time, those units ran on coal. But, Caroline, you may want to talk about it.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Stephen. So 90% of our efforts right now, in terms of personnel, are getting ready for the contract that goes into effect on January 1 of next year. However, we have been approached by the state to have a broader and more expanded role, and we are in conversations with them on what that might look like. But it would be premature to say anything more specific than that at this point.
Ralph Izzo: Oh, okay. So 2 different things there, Travis. In terms of base rate case, what we've said is that we don't see it in the next 3 years in terms of our kind of expectations for capital deployment and now projections of O&M increases and where demand is going. Now what the Board has initiated is a separate proceeding for all of the utilities, as they pertain to recovery of already incurred expenses associated with Irene and Sandy. And we've deferred about $242 million, I believe, which would be part of that proceeding. But we are in the very early stages of that generic proceeding at this point in time.
Ralph Izzo: And, Neel, just to add, this may sound a little strange, so while we have limited flexibility on our variable costs, we have worked hard to manage our fixed cost. And I said that specifically the way I did even though one would normally not assume that the fixed can be variabilized and the variabilized can't -- have to stay fixed. And what we do is we basically take our plant personnel and move them to other outages, specifically in our nuclear fleets, when we see -- when we anticipate protracted periods of no operation at the coal units.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. Neel, I'd rather not get into a telephonic negotiation with the BPU on what's the best way to implement Energy Strong. So I mean, I think we would be open to any kind of discussion that protected our investors, while we deliver the value that customers are begging us to deliver.
Ralph Izzo: So that would just be rolled into our annual formula rate treatment, Greg. That would not be any special rate case or any special event.
Ralph Izzo: No. Remember most of that -- most, if not all, of that $1.5 billion was what we call kind of the business-as-usual or I forget -- the no-harm at PJM. So once PJM says, "Okay, if you think that makes sense, as that's not part of the RTEP, go ahead with it." Then we just file it on an annual basis in our formula rate treatment.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, but it's not the path that includes inclusion in RTEP. It's a different path. These are smaller projects, mostly internal to our service territory, and some less complicated type of analysis goes into it. Okay. So look, we -- hopefully, you realize that every day we strive to do better around here. But I've got to tell you, I couldn't be more proud of our employees and the leadership team, which right now is firing on all cylinders. Our plants are running better than ever. Our utility reliability remains best-in-class. We have the biggest capital program in our history underway. More keeps getting added through the Solar Loan, the Solar 4 All. I do believe we'll see more in Energy Strong. I know we're going to see more in transmission. All of the equity needs for these programs are internally funded. We're still telling you that, despite all of that, we have the opportunity for growth in our dividend. And at the end of the day, the rating agencies upgraded us for a very healthy balance sheet. So we're feeling pretty good around here. We'll work hard every day to feel even better and to do even more for you. But thanks for joining us on the call. Take care now.
Caroline D. Dorsa: In terms of basis, Julien, we don't forecast that. And for sure, we don't see basis levels on a continuing basis the way we saw them years ago. We're still looking at single-digit type bases. But I think the important thing to recognize, as Ralph was mentioning, is when we've seen demand and when we've seen higher prices and when we've seen the weather that we saw, you see basis spike up. And because we're not 100% hedged, we get to take advantage of that, and that's what we did in the first quarter. So long term, similar lower levels like we've talked about before. But when there's spikes, we see them in our region, the locational value is still there and because of the way we operate the units, as you know, and how we sell them in, we try to take advantage of that as much as possible.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes. So -- sure, Paul. It's Caroline. No, it's nothing to do with leap year. We don't make any of those kinds of adjustments. I think what you see in the weather normalization, which as Ralph has always said, is more art than science. So it's not a terrific economy in the state right now. I mean, we struggle like many other states, so economic growth has been a little bit weak. And of course, there is some energy conservation underway. We think those are more of the driving factors, nothing related to calendar-like events. Nothing like that.
Caroline D. Dorsa: It takes a look at the total over the prior quarter. So whether there's any adjustment for that, I don't know. That's the minimus. I think the fundamental driving factors are some of the economic challenges in energy conservation, which is in fact what we've been saying in prior quarters. So this is really consistent with how we've talked about some of the weather normalization in prior quarters. But again, weather normalization is obviously a difficult thing to know with any certainty. But I would not attribute it to a leap day.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. So -- yes, absolutely, Stephen. And just as Ralph said, so we did have the New Jersey coal units running on coal a little bit more than half the time. And in fact, the Mercer unit ran on coal almost all of the time. Hudson, a little less so, just as it was getting through some Sandy-related repairs. So we have seen the economics and the coal dynamics improve in terms of the ability to run coal, particularly as the prices moved up and gas prices moved up in the winter period. But as we said earlier, as I mentioned in my remarks, we're still not at the point for gas prices where you're seeing our coal with all of the scrubbing that we have from the back-end technologies dispatch ahead of the gas-fired units. That would be more like gas prices of about $5.50 and we're not there, as you well know. But in those periods, where we've had an increased demand, higher near-term prices, higher near-term power prices, the coal units have dispatched and nicely in terms of dispatching on coal. Now of course, Bridgeport Harbor doesn't run on gas. It only runs on coal. And that was running, as we mentioned and as I think you saw in the attachment, that was running more as well. Also, keep in mind, of course, the Pennsylvania units only run on coal, and they were running well. In terms of the types of coal -- now this is news -- this is not news, these are things that I'm sure you know. Once we finished the back-end technologies at Hudson, it no longer had to run on Adaro coal, so it's running on tap [ph] coal, so that's cheaper. Bridgeport Harbor only runs on Adaro, as you know, that continues as we had always had it. Keep in mind, about 2 years ago, we changed that contract. So it no longer has volume requirements for us to build. And then, Mercer, after its back-end technology, still runs on net coal but a less expensive net coal than prior. So through our back-end technologies, we've reduced that really -- the kinds of coal in terms of cost that we need at those facilities, Bridgeport Harbor being the exception. And then, if these market dynamics have come back, we've been pleased to see those units run on coal. We're still very well hedged with coal in terms of what we have in inventory, but it's nice to see that coal being burned. So I think we're in a pretty good position, again, not yet for coal dispatching ahead of gas, but obviously our back-end technologies were done sooner than others, who may have to do that in the future as they make decisions about their units.
