Ralph Izzo: All right. So there is strong correlation, obviously, Praful, between gas and electric prices, but it’s not perfect. One can only assume that there was some dispatching of coal that took place that keep a little bit of a lid those power prices from moving perfectly in tandem. Dan, I don’t know if you want to add to that.
Ralph Izzo: We never had tried out just before a price curve, Praful. But we are seeing that with the opening of some pipelines that are taking Marcellus gas to regions other than the Mid – Eastern region that the basis differential between Leidy and Henry Hub is changing with prices coming up in the region; stronger pricing in M3; and if you believe historic correlations that should ultimately be reflected in power prices, but – and forward curve is predicting whatever it’s predicting right now.
Ralph Izzo: So again, what we keep anchoring ourselves to is what FERC has espoused in terms of their policy objectives, which is, A, to remove price suppression; and B, to allow states to do what they want to from the point of view of a resource designation. As I think I mentioned, our preference is the status quo. But notwithstanding an ability to preserve that status quo, we think that PJM’s offered an intelligent alternative. There are some things we would quarrel with, perhaps the – their cutoff at the 20-megawatt level versus FERC’s guidance that any and all subsidized units should be subject to reform. But if you look at the approach PJM has suggested, it does point to higher capacity prices for unsubsidized units, all other things being equal. And as you know, Praful, there are many other factors to consider. There’s transmission transport capability. There’s the demand side management. There’s how different local delivery areas break out. But nonetheless, when you remove supply, which is what PJM is proposing to do, from the setting of price, that should – that – without changing demand, as I said, all other things being equal, that should remove the price suppression for unsubsidized units. And that will set a different market price. I – it’s hard for me to see how that will be a lower market price. And as we pointed out, the ZEC legislation in New Jersey always recognized that payment, as zero emission credit payment, was for the carbon attributes of nuclear and was additive to the energy and capacity price. And the BGS auction clearly states that energy electricity will be secured at prevailing market rates for both energy and capacity. So we think that – and certainly, the output from 30 terawatt-hours of nuclear, which is what the New Jersey ZEC law targets, is well within the capacity – the overall need of BGS. I use the word capacity in the generic sense, not in the – not in our industry sense of the word. So I do think BGS can use up or consume or call for the 30 terawatt-hours of nuclear at prevailing market prices for energy and capacity without any need for legislation, which would just be a win all around, right. Then FERC get its way, New Jersey get its way and nobody – the customers are not burdened anymore than was originally envisioned in the legislation and, in fact, will achieve the savings that were envisioned in the legislation if the plants were to not operate.
Ralph Izzo: No, the retail side was, as you know, Julien, always a defensive plan now primarily targeted at trying to reverse some of the losses we’ve been realizing on – from the point of view of wholesale market basis differentials. With the start of the Keys plant, with the strengthening of gas prices in the M3 zone, we’ve seen some decrease from basis to our fleet, and the margins were so thin on the retail business. As you know, I’ve never been a huge fan of it that we just decided that it can – was not in our best interest to continue to pursue it.
Ralph Izzo: So remember, BGS typically follows the RPM auction in terms of the energy year applicability. So the RPM auction that would have taken place in April but is now going to take place in August is input to the BGS auction that will take place in 2020. So we have plenty of time, right. As Dan pointed out for the next three years, capacity prices are known, BGS has been layered in to the tune of 100% next year, 2/3 the year after, 1/3 the year after that. So the timing of all this is that the PJM proposal would only apply if we did get the ZEC. We’ll find out if we get the ZEC in April. And at that point in time, assuming we get the ZEC and assuming that the PJM proposal goes in as accepted, we have a full 10 months to get the BGS auction right. Of course, we would do it much in advance so that typically, the LDCs put their comments in, in the fall for what BGS rule changes should take place, if any, in the following winter. So the way to think of this is January, FERC rules on the PJM proposal, we make comments shortly thereafter, FERC finalizes the RPM auction in the April time frame, we find out whether or not we get a ZEC in the same time frame, the auction takes place in August. In the fall, we – if we are a ZEC recipient and if the auction has taken place per the MOPR approach, we would file with other LDCs for BGS to be the entity that secures the nuclear energy and capacity for the following February. So that was a long-winded way of saying I think the timing will work just fine.
Ralph Izzo: And Greg, just to go back to your question about the quarter versus – and Dan’s accurate answer about some of the cumulative impacts, I mean, at the risk of stating the obvious, when we initially give guidance at the beginning of the year, we give a range, and we expect to be somewhere in the middle. Otherwise, we would advise them as one way or another. And typically, during the second quarter, we try not to change that because it’s still early. There’s a half year to go. It’s not unreasonable to assume that we saw some creep of Power, as Dan mentioned, in terms of the volume reduction towards the lower end of that range but still within the range; and the utility towards the upper end of that range but still in the range; and then the third quarter just resulting in the need to redesignate the ranges. So long-winded way of saying I wouldn’t assume that all of the movement in Power or, for that matter, the utility occurred in the third quarter. That’s not the case.
Ralph Izzo: So we’ll update that in a week or so, Jonathan, rather than trying to give that piecemeal here today.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Chris, that was – so first of all, I can’t give you the details as to a settlement discussion because those are all confidential, but we can give you details on the outcome of that. However, it’s not – it won’t come as a surprise to you to know that the principles in a base rate case are different than the principles – and I’m referring to participants here – than in a strictly energy efficiency conversation. So it’ll – the Clean Energy Future filings will have a greater percentage of people who are interested in seeing that – the green energy agenda of Governor Murphy being advocated and pushed forward. And that will, therefore, have the kind of center stage that’s appropriate to it, which may not have been more expected in a base rate filing.
Ralph Izzo: I’d rather not go into that now since we haven’t even sat down and gotten the discovery questions from the other parties. But there’s all sorts of stuff that one can do to get contempering this type of recovery of both – of investments being made as well as trueing up for what might have been anticipated to be revenues versus what’s realized and revenues either in six months or annual filings or things of that nature. So...
Ralph Izzo: So there’s two schools of thought on this, right, Paul. One is that in the aggregate, fast-start reserve margins in flexible units could be $3 to $5 with fast-start being a significant down payment on that, possibly in that $1 to $3 range. But the question is, what is the degree of – in which the forward price curve already has incorporated that if we believe that FERC is going to be issuing that decision fairly soon and PJM will be incorporating it in Q1? And I don’t know the answer to that, but that’s the two considerations you have to make, right. So should fast-start result in an increase? Absolutely. Is it already in the forward price curve? Depends on your confidence in the timing of the FERC decision.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, I think the storage goal is like 600 megawatts by 2025 or something like that. So – and then – and it’s a big number, and we proposed 35 megawatts. So yes, there is upside there.
Ralph Izzo: One of the conversations we’ve been having with the policy leaders is that most of these technologies, and battery storage is a great example, is something that we do believe has a healthy trajectory in terms of prices coming down in the future. So you want to both stimulate the market by the same stroke and you don’t want to pay for that market in its entirety up front. So there’s a little bit of a delicate timing of how much you do and when you do it that is an iterative conversation that we have – that we do have with policy leaders, both in the BPU and in the Governor’s office and the legislature.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, yes. So I’m not – I’m used to coating it in terms of capacity. And the number we use is $2 million to $3 million per megawatt. I’d have to work it backwards to see if I get to $3 to $5 per megawatt-hour. And I’d rather not do that in real time, which is short, but I will take that as a homework assignment.
Ralph Izzo: So Angie, we’re following the discussion. As we understand it, ROE adders and incentives have not been ruled on yet. We do have a rising interest rate environment, and the three methodologies that FERC are using all then lead to a discussion about how does each specific company and its risk profile sit within the range predicted by those three methodologies. So I’d say that the ingredients to the stew are getting a little bit better known, but what the stew comes out tasting like still remains to be understood going forward.
Ralph Izzo: I think one – another one, Andrew, just is we may be a little bit conservative on the timing of the rate case.
Ralph Izzo: Well, we definitely do not think it’s premature. There is a moratorium, as you correctly pointed out, Andrew, and – but we think that there’s a couple of factors that are materially different. One is the BPU announcement seeking the cost-benefit analysis and the concern over outages, you’re right. But the second is the huge initiatives that the Governor has embarked upon to really push forward on a Clean Energy agenda. And the value of information that one can extract from Advanced Metering Infrastructure to help customers use their energy more intelligently, – translation: reduce their energy consumption – is, I think, an important consideration for policymakers in achieving what the Governor has outlined as his priorities.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. Yes, that’s correct. And we didn’t go into details, but we did – CEF is really three separate filings that were all put in at the same time. But that’s correct.
Ralph Izzo: Okay. Well, thank you there. So hopefully, the takeaway from this call is that the Utility and Power both have had some solid operating performance in terms of our traditional hallmark attributes: our reliability, our availability. The financial performance is on track, albeit with a much stronger performance at the utility and weaker performance at Power than had been anticipated at the start of the year. And I would say that we look forward to seeing you in San Francisco in 10 days, where we can discuss these and other issues more fully. And enjoy the Halloween. New Jersey has a famous mischief night coming up. Hopefully, none of you are victims of that. But with that, we’ll see you in about 12 days. Thanks all.
Dan Cregg: Yes, I also think that the sourcing of gas matters as well, and Leidy has been a very low-cost source of gas for us, and we saw a little bit of an uptick in Leidy prices. And Leidy doesn’t necessarily drive all of the electric prices that we end up seeing. So depending upon what units are running, where the source of the gas is, you can see some different gas prices coming through. And I think that the magnitude of gas that was used during the summer for gas generation as well as coming out of a winter, where storage levels were low, it pushed gas up a little bit more for some of our units compared to what we saw from an electric pricing standpoint.
Dan Cregg: And just one reminder as well, Praful, if you think about it, the next three capacity auctions have – or the next three years, I should say, the capacity auctions have happened already. And what we will anticipate this coming April will be a determination related to ZECs for those same three years. So this – all that we’re talking about is an important effort that’s got to go on. And the next thing to look for, reply, comments, are due on the 6th of November, but this will all impact the period after those three years.
Dan Cregg: Yes, I mean, to the extent that hedges were put on during that period, you would see it in the hedges. And as you know, we have kind of a mix within the intermediate combined cycles section of the overall fleet of some elements that are open and some that are hedges. But to the extent that those hedges are put on, I’d say the only difference really is that you’re going to see the effect coming through the forward markets as opposed to just in the real-time and day-ahead markets. But it’s been a consistent phenomenon across both.
Dan Cregg: Well, I think there are both shorter-term and longer-term impacts, right. So if you think about a couple of things that Ralph and I already have talked about, I’ve talked about having some more extreme weather in the summer, having some lower inventory levels that need to be bought in, which is going to have an upward pressure on pricing. And Ralph talked about on the longer term as you see some takeaway capacity coming into the market, that’s going to have a longer-term effect. So I think you’ll continue to see both shorter-term and longer-term impacts impacting market prices.
Dan Cregg: Yes, Greg. And you’re right. So if you think about it as just a pure open volume and the delta on the open volume, you can have some impact, but it’s not going to be as much as what you saw. I think that there’s a couple other factors that are coming into play. One is that just our out and out volume amounts are down a little bit. So if you think about where we had them pegged at the beginning of the year and where they ended up, they’re down about 1 terawatt-hour. So we’re down a little bit on volume. And then the other factor is some of the basis differentials that we end up seeing. And we have seen some lower Eastern basis. We’ve talked about that a fair a bit of late. And that comes through on an awful lot of our hedges are not perfect hedges at the exact generator bus where the generator is generating. To the extent that our hedges are at the West hub, there is a little bit of an openness on that basis, and we’ve seen some deterioration of the basis as well within the hedges. So I would point to those other factors as well to think about, in addition to just the pure open position times at delta spark. And the accumulation of those factors would get you to the delta that we’re talking about.
Dan Cregg: That’s right. So for instance, if you think about our nuclear facilities, you’ve got a lot of volume coming out of there, but you don’t have a lot of ways to transact at the nuclear location. So if you’re going to put a forward sale on – for example, you might put in on at the Western hub. And to the extent that you saw a basis differential move between the Western hub, where your hedge was put on, and where the actual generation is at nuclear, you’re going to have some openness within a hedged amount of volume.
Dan Cregg: Yes, yes, yes. So what that is, that’s a – that’s not on the NDT because you mentioned trust. Really what that is, is just the more generic tax issue, generic meaning that it’s on the company’s taxes as opposed to the NDT. And it’s a carryback of losses back to an earlier year with higher tax rates, but the direct answer to your question was, yes, that was expected.
Dan Cregg: No, I think you can just kind of do the math over where we are now and what the range would imply. And I think you’d be north of the number that you gave. But maybe one thing to keep in mind, there was some tax benefits that came through, more of a onetime, in the last year’s fourth quarter. So if you just go against that as a comparison, your – you’ll have to carve out some of the onetime items as you look at the two quarters compared to one another. So it’s something to keep in mind in that regard. But you do have a couple shorter months in the fourth quarter, and you also have a lot of the outages that were going on during some of those shorter months. So you get some variability as you go year to year.
Dan Cregg: Yes. So I can point you to the slides. If you take a look, you’ve got a breakout both of weather in particular as well as on volume and demand sometimes can come into play there. So on the weather for the year-to-date for the utility, you can see we had about $0.04 delta, $0.03 of that in the quarter. And volume and demand was about $0.02 year-to-date and about $0.01 in the quarter. So you can see it broken out pretty cleanly within the slides that we provided. And then your question on interest, basically what we’re seeing mainly at the parent is just the increase in some of the shorter-term debt that exists up there as we’ve stepped through the year, which has put a little bit of pressure on the aggregate numbers at the parent.
Dan Cregg: It’s pretty close. I think you might have seen just a little bit of an uptick because the 2017 summer was a little bit milder. But they’re almost the same at – if you take a look at versus last year versus looking at normal.
Dan Cregg: Yes, I mean, Mike, I think that we had GSMP II approved in April and we had our conference in May. So that was at Cannacord. I think If you really look at the major areas that we were talking about, one was Energy Strong. Energy Strong II, I should say. In Energy Strong II, we talked about putting forth a $2.5 billion filing. And in June, we put forth a $2.5 billion filing. And we said in May that we were going to put forth the Clean Energy filing of $2.9 billion. And those programs and the magnitude of those programs is – were filed as we talked about with one exception, and Ralph talked about that a little bit earlier today, is the inclusion of AMI, which was not in the filing at the time. So the programs that we filed aggregate to a capital investment of $3.6 billion versus the $2.9 billion, and you can attribute the full amount of that delta to the AMI component of that filing. Now it’s a six-year program. So if you’re trying to look at it within a five-year horizon that we normally talked about – that we talk about, you’re going to have two issues: one, six years is more than five; but number two, you’re going to have some of that capital spill over the back end because it would not have been started at the beginning of 2018. And then similarly, for Energy Strong II, it’s a five-year program. And since it was filed in 2018, then we won’t see an approval of that until the process runs. You’re going to have some more spill over there. But I think that’s how you would think about the magnitude of the capital programs. And as we talked about at the time, the 8% to 10% CAGR on rate base growth really is simply with and without those two programs.
Dan Cregg: Yes, it assumes approved as filed for the periods within that five-year period, and it also assumes that there’s no other incremental programs for the balance of the five years. So if nothing else were to happen but – and we were to get every dollar as filed, we’d be at the 10%. Any reduction from as filed would lower that amount, and then anything else between now and then that is identified as incremental capital would be additive.
Dan Cregg: Yes, I think we’re a few months away from when we put that forward and is still how we are characterizing the five-year capital plan at this time.
Dan Cregg: Yes. I think they’re at 93% – we had a huge outage. It’s nothing but kind of your normal outages that occurred at the time.
Dan Cregg: No, Angie, the – our 51.2% was the stated rate from the last rate case, and our existing equity percentage was somewhere between 53%, 53.5%. So that delta is not as big as you might otherwise think. And just general corporate funds would fund that delta.
Dan Cregg: Yes, I think in addition to the area that’s just labeled weather, you’ve also got some volumes and demands, which will give you probably another $0.02 or $0.03 or so. And then there’s a couple other modest items that would end up moving it north of that. So I think two things for you. One is layer in the volume and demands incrementally to the weather amounts, which also tend to be fairly weather related. And then you think about a couple other smaller adjustments and you could get to that range.
