Ralph LaRossa: Sure, Shar. So a couple of things. There's -- if you just look at the pension, there were three factors that we've been looking to offset the pension impacts and the headwinds from the market that you referenced. One, the filing that we made at the BPU, I think we've talked about that being around 20% or so the pension impact. We've got the lift out that Dan has been working on, and I'd say that's in the same 20% to 30% range. And then O&M offsets that we've been working on inside the building, which, again, we've talked about for quite some time, we're not going to do anything that's short sighted, but looking for O&M offsets that we possibly can tab that will stay in place, even post rate case when we make that filing in '23, which will be effective in '25. That -- those three pieces there together are kind of what we are looking at to offset the pension. And then the 5% to 7% specifically addressed that, we -- that we always have said is nonlinear. I think we've talked about that quite a bit on prior calls. So we have a test year in '22 that we're going to be filing in '23 and then we expect rates to be effective in '25. So inherent in that will be an uplift, and kind of drives a little bit of what we talked about as being nonlinear.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, so Shar, split those into two pieces, right. First, first of all, wind standpoint that we’ve been pretty uneven. We've mentioned it in my prepared remarks that we are looking at FID on the -- on Ocean Wind 1, that's the project in New Jersey. So one of the things we're looking at there is where the costs come in, and where we finally -- what that project looks like from an investment standpoint, that's pretty straightforward. And then for our Skipjack and other projects, we're certainly looking at what might be out there from a mark, as you said, whether it's from some of our peers, or for some other entity. So there's -- I think the offshore wind is pretty straightforward. Transmission, obviously, as we talked about, again, very happy to see what the BPU did, might not seem to make a lot of sense when I say that, but the BPU kind of kicking the can and moving. That decision later is the right thing to do from a -- for the ratepayers in New Jersey. There's some uncertainty around the tax treatment of the copper that will be in the water. And so I think what they did there made a ton of sense, and just focus onshore for the time being. So that kind of ties together everything from a offshore standpoint. Then from a nuclear standpoint, look, this may not be the most popular. But I think again, you still need more and more time there. There's a lot of details to be worked out in the treasury rates. When those are worked out and we see some marks in the marketplace, we should be in a very good position to tell whether or not as my predecessor Ralph Izzo said multiple times, there's whether or not we're the natural owners.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, so Dan is going to give you more in a lift out. Just the other obvious regulatory solution we could is when we file for the rate cases to put in a pension tracker, and at this point, we fully expect to be doing that in our rate filing, but I will give Dan the mic to talk a little more about the lift out.
Ralph LaRossa: Sure. So the selection that the BPU made was, again, focused onshore, right? And I'd like to just think about the state, North Central and South, the southern part of New Jersey has a lot of, what I'll call, takeaway capability already on a transmission system because we had Oyster Creek retire and Bill England retire in the southern part of the state. So that onshore transmission system was pretty well set up for -- to take onshore -- offshore generation. The northern part of the state is also has a pretty robust transmission system because a lot of the work that we've done at PSEG over the past 10 years, 15 years after we started to get approval from projects after the 2003 blackout. So then that kind of left the central part of the state and that project that was approved for JCP&L's Larrabee substation and again, very consistent with the need to have to take more takeaway ability from the Shoreline into New Jersey. So not a lot of learned from that. That was all the information that we had and we would have expected to be in place. I think what we've all learned, both us and our competitors, is what others are thinking about and how they're both from a financial standpoint, but also from an engineering standpoint, how they were going to design the offshore grid. We think our Mesh network is absolutely the most resilient and most robust. We are very proud of that design, keep the lines in and we are very unique in how we did that. And for all 11,000 megawatts, I'm absolutely convinced that you need that robust solution to be in place. So I think we all learn from each other and the next set of bids will be more robust as a result of that. So looking forward to it. But I am confident that our design is a really good design and will meet the reliability and resiliency to state demands.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. Well, Julien, I won't front run what we're going to do in EEI much, but I will tell you that we think about the business is the business we have in front of us at the moment, and we'll look at it from that direction. We'll give you '23 guidance, and then we will extend the guidance beyond that. So that's the way we are thinking about it and the way you should be thinking about it and be prepared for EEI.
Ralph LaRossa: Well, so think about what you just asked me from a PTC and a hedge standpoint, right, that exactly is the core issue that I was raising earlier, which is treasury regs and how that's going to come out, right? So we will pick one of those and give you some guidance based upon that. And for '22, '23, Julien, you can use '21 as the baseline, right? You have all that data. So whatever CAGR you decide to use going forward, but we will talk to you about '23 and we will talk to you about future years.
Ralph LaRossa: Durgesh, I think it would be premature for us to get into that level of detail at this point. So some work to be done. And again, I think our expectation and try to set for you is that we will have those kind of details at Analyst Day.
Ralph LaRossa: Jeremy, I think, look, where these projects are no different from some of the other projects that you've been reading about. But we have been steadfast in that front running our partner who has 75% stake in this so, and Ørsted had their call coming up in the future, and I will let them talk to that level of the detail. But certainly at a very high-level what you've been seeing with others is consistent with what we've been seeing with our projects here.
Ralph LaRossa: And if you look at the -- like the second to last paragraph in our release, we've dropped from $2.2 billion to $1.7 billion, and that's exactly a reflection of the moves in the market over that time frame that's listed there since the end of September into the end of October. So Dan's explanation is completely aligned with what we have there in that release.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, Steve, I don't usually like to -- if you point to that, but I would not make an assumption one way or the other on that about how we're entering that test year.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. No, 100%. I think, look, a lot of that gets back to the hedging strategy and what makes sense from a treasury rate standpoint. So I think we need to see that visibility, understand what the potential volatility is down the road and then also look at what growth we potentially have from that business and put all three of those pieces together and determine whether or not it fits. And that's -- it's exactly what we've been talking about, and it's not going to happen tomorrow, but we need those regs in place. We need to understand what those growth opportunities are in and we need to see what these marks are.
Ralph LaRossa: You've got -- we've talked a little bit about some growth opportunities that we now have in front of us because the revenue stream is more certain, right? So simple things like fuel cycles. There's a couple of those things that are out there as well that we've mentioned in the past, we would not have pursued based upon a 3-year ZEC cycle. But now with a much longer runway out of the PTC, we have those opportunities in front of us.
Ralph LaRossa: And just again, we are still hopeful on that offshore transmission and a full Mesh network. I think there's an opportunity there in addition to the core utility activities. And all of this, though, as we've been kind of teeing up, will come together at the investor conference.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, I mean there's -- yes, again, just based upon the selection that was made by the BPU of just focused on the onshore portions of work that was required that a large part of that opportunity set is still in front of us.
Ralph LaRossa: Most of what's needed and most of what we were in our bids were offshore. There's a little piece of onshore that work that could be done up in the northern part of the state, as I kind of laid out earlier kind of think about those three doors or entry points into New Jersey for offshore wind. The largest amount of work that was needed was in the central part of the state, in Jersey Central Power & Light territory, but a little bit for us up in the North, if that entry point is selected.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So, Paul, again, our FID decision is our decision to invest in the joint venture. The joint ventures decision as to whether or not they want to talk to the state or customers, or however they want to do that, that's with the joint venture. And I leave that to our partners Ørsted to talk about if they so choose.
Ralph LaRossa: [Indiscernible] might be independent, right? And that's the point I wanted to make to you. We could go in either direction.
Ralph LaRossa: And they're not dependent upon each other, whether it's changes in the revenue or changes in the expenses. One of those things could impact our decision, but I would also tell you that they may not.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, there's no set time and we've talked about that on a number of prior calls. That is a decision that joint venture will make based upon what contracts they choose to enter into and in what time line. So again, we've left that to the majority owner to speak to. But there is no set time line in any of our contracts as next date, there will be a decision.
Ralph LaRossa: Okay. Thanks. Well, first of all, thank you for participating in the first call that I've had. I was -- I appreciate the interest and the opportunity to talk to all of you. I also just want to reiterate in this forum, my thanks to our Board and to my predecessor, Ralph Izzo for this opportunity. I am internally grateful and humbled by this -- what's in front of us, but at the same time, excited and look forward to continuing the conversations and providing more clarity and more a little bit about what we are trying to do to remove some of the volatility that has been a concern for some of you at EEI. So I can't wait to have those conversations. And again, I appreciate you all calling in.
Dan Cregg: Yes. And David really there's -- I think the easiest way to think about that is just if the pension is giving us some variability within results, then having it be smaller would give us less variability. And in that same vein, we continue to have a pension that is well funded. Yet we have seen assets decline as I think every pension fund in the country have, but we've also seen discount rates come down. And as they come down in parallel, the fund stays pretty well funded. But you can do a lift out, which essentially would be taking some of the assets and taking some of the obligations and moving them to an appropriate creditworthy entity and have that be housed elsewhere. And it just essentially would shrink the size of the pension. We are beginning down a path of that exploration. And I think to the extent that we find that to be a successful way to go, we would inform you at that time, but it's also would have the effect of just basically shrinking the overall pension and therefore, the overall variability of it. So I think that's the way to think about it, and we'll continue to keep you posted as we continue to go down that path.
Dan Cregg: Yes. I think, Nick, if you take a look at 2022, 2023, essentially fully hedged for those years and really where there's some open is into those years where the PTC comes about. And so Ralph's exactly right, trying to make sure that we understand the backdrop of the PTC is going to be important. I'd say that by the same token, we have seen some decline in markets in the near-term, but those declines really have been mostly focused on '22 and '23, and we've seen the back end hold up fairly well. So we are, I'd say, within the same ranges that we've provided. It doesn't mean we are in exactly the same place. But I think keeping an eye on what happens down in treasury and as well as keeping an eye on markets is how we are approaching things as we go forward.
Dan Cregg: Yes. So probably somewhere -- I'd say Analyst Day is probably the right approximate time for that. It's going to depend upon how our analysis has gone on for us to give you a little bit more detail about it. And I think that at the highest level, one of the ways to think about what happens from the pension perspective is you determine an estimated return on your assets and you have a discount rate for your liabilities. And those comparisons -- and that gap really determines what you see coming out of it. So if you assume that you're going to earn north of the discount rate than a smaller pension while having less volatility would also have less of a contribution. We would certainly include that in whatever guidance we were to give. But I think as we've seen interest rates come up, we've seen discount rates come up, there's not a whole lot of daylight between those two. So whatever we give you will be based upon our plans at the time and our calculations at the time. And I think it's probably around Analyst Day when we will be able to firm that up for you.
Dan Cregg: Yes, I think -- if you think about our overall hedging picture at our percent hedge, 2022 is mostly behind us, 2023 is where most of the hedges are. So you would see most of that collateral come back as we go through 2023. And so as that cash comes back to us, frankly, there's two ways that it could. You could see market moves, which could move it up or down. But over time, as you deliver on those contracts, you would see that coming back to you. And so frankly, what that's going to do is it's going to lessen the overall cash needs that we have and ultimately reduce some of those borrowings. And so as that cash comes back, you can almost think about it as just taking out those borrowings over time.
Dan Cregg: Yes. I think, frankly, Travis, it's -- right now, that is one of the options that's there. I think we've talked a little bit about the other side of offshore wind, which could be some transmission work. And we've referenced that as being somewhere in the $2 billion to $7 billion range for our 50-50 partnership. And so there is still a degree of capital that, I think and as Ralph alluded to before, with the state's target of 11,000 megawatts, we will still continue to look for whether that solution does make some sense. Beyond that, predominantly, capital would be going to the utility part of the business. I think there continues to be areas to invest within the utility, and that would be the number one place where we deploy capital.
Dan Cregg: Yes. We -- our petition had requested a response by year-end. We have some discovery and so that there's activity that has gone on, on it, but they will act on their own time. But our request was to see if we could get that in place by year-end. And probably as importantly, to have it be effective year-end. So there's potential if we get something modestly after that, that it could still be effective as of year-end, but that was the anticipation and that's where things stand.
Dan Cregg: It's not a calendar date, Paul. It's just really FID moves you to the construction phase of the project. And so it's when things are ready to move to that phase.
Dan Cregg: Yes. I think, Ryan, it will depend upon overall cash needs and overall revenue picture. I mean we would determine what the best magnitude of debt would be at that entity based upon what that -- the overall economics that can be supported there and what makes sense there. So we don't have an absolute number, but we do have in place is a 3-year term loan that sits at Power and runs to '25 and that's what was put in place after the sale of Fossil. And so as we get a little closer to that date, we will be looking at all that to make that determination.
Dan Cregg: Yes. We will do what makes sense as we approach that maturity or even before if it makes sense to do it before. But there's -- that will come as we step towards that maturity time frame.
