Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure, Dan. Thanks for your question. So just a reminder on the costs and deferrals. So in terms of thinking about the prior the storms, as Ralph mentioned, what we have done previously on Irene, $0.02 impact on O&M and $0.03 were deferred. The process, just to remind you in big picture, in terms of the total costs, in general, what we defer are those extraordinary or third-party costs above and beyond the normal salary of our employees. So our regular employees who are spending their time on storm work as opposed to other work, we don't defer that. But as we contract with a significant amount of incremental, mutual aid that we have received, those are the kinds of things that we defer in addition, overtime of our ongoing employees would be deferred for recovery. We then have filed letters with the BPU in the past, as you've probably seen, those are public record. And those are simply requesting that these storm costs remain deferred and be considered in an -- in any upcoming rate case. This doesn't change our perspective on upcoming rate case, of course. We are earning our authorized return and don't envision a rate case in the near term. But the deferral would therefore be something that would flow into a subsequent rate case. So that's the basic approach that we take for the Utility, and we've gotten storm recovery in prior rate cases as well. And we already filed for this storm. We filed a letter requesting that deferral for the next rate case already, prior to the storm starting. So that's basically how it works for the Utility. Of course, it's not the same for Power. I know Power, as Ralph mentioned, we have some issues for Power as well, but we're just assessing those right now. So for this storm, from the Utility side, same as you have seen us do with prior storms, a little bit comes through the O&M and some is deferred. In both of our prior storms, actually, more was deferred through the O&M because of the mutual aid, the overtime and the extraordinary costs.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Oh, yes. Exactly. And for the transmission, as Ralph mentioned, we expect we might have some costs there. They are recoverable under our formula rates. So you should know, we just made the formula rate filing, as I mentioned, for the incremental revenues going forward. We're currently evaluating whether that can be updated now or whether that comes into the true-up later in the year, but the process would be the same. We would like to recover incremental cost for transmission, just like we're doing for distribution.
Caroline D. Dorsa: No. No. So the Irene costs that we deferred, that Ralph mentioned, the $0.03 that we deferred, the deferral we have a request for the BPU to continue that deferral. And it would be considered whenever we would file a subsequent rate case. There's no timing. There's no other action they have to take, acting upon that request. It simply rolls into whenever we file a subsequent rate case.
Caroline D. Dorsa: We can get you that, Paul. Yes it is 0.8% for the quarter. You're exactly right. So -- but because it was not as warm as the prior quarter, right, you didn't see the quarter-over-quarter absolutes were the 0.6% negative. Weather-normalized, the art that we usually do, we end up with a positive number of 0.8% for the third quarter. You're exactly right.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure, Travis. It's Caroline. Thanks for your question. So we give our hedges, of course, in 5 percentage point ranges, right? Just because we think that's the best way to provide the information. So we did update the hedge data in this quarter from last quarter, and thought -- increased those ranges slightly. Remember, and as I mentioned on the earlier remarks, there are 2 things going on in the hedges that comprise the data as we provided. One is the hedges that are PJM West hedges that we roll on at forward curve prices. The other is the BGS, prices that are embedded in the hedge data, which as you may recall, are at the full requirements total price less capacity. So they come in at prices that would look higher than a West hub hedge because they are inclusive of those other costs like transmission, as well as the risk premium and pass-throughs. So this quarter's numbers reflect both rolling on some incremental hedges at the West hub prices and depending on how our folks ratably layer those in, as well as updating estimates for BGS. And remember, those BGS prices in the weighted average have a little bit of a different impact on the mix because they come in directly at higher prices. So it's both our updating of our estimates which we constantly do on BGS going forward, as well as rolling in hedges all at the forward price curve. There's nothing else going on there in any respect except those 2 things.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Well, it's really a blend of both of those things. It's a blend of our -- of estimates for BGS, as well as what's going on in the forward curve as we layer on hedges. And you're right, forward curves have come up recently. So as we would layer our incremental hedges, those have the potential to be at better price has been -- than we have in the prior quarter. But again, we're always using that -- the forward curve. And of course, you're talking about the base load. So it's a combination of updated for BGS, as well as layering in at forward curve prices during the prior quarter, upcoming layering in that we will continue to do pretty consistently would be at the forward curve prices you see now.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thanks, Kit. So if we look at weather normalized as we talked about the 0.8% -- 8/10 of 1%, so it's not really dramatic growth. When we look at the data both for the residential and for the commercial and industrial, taking sort of C&I together, it's pretty even between both categories, a little better in the residential than in commercial and industrial. And recall, of course, commercial and industrial in our region is pretty small. So industrial, particularly is small but residential is the largest piece -- electric, right for commercial is the largest piece in electric. And residential, of course, is the largest piece in gas. So industrial is about 10% as we typically talk about. And then for commercial and residential, we're seeing increases in both of those categories, really all 3 categories. With of course, the things that drive the weighted average being commercial first and then residential. But again, the increase isn't dramatic and the weather normalized is sort of an estimate. So I wouldn't put too much stock at this in terms of saying we see any dramatic trends at this point.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. So we provided the debt-to-cap number, as I did on the call. But you're right, I mean, the FFO-to-debt number is the critical metric we look at, at Power. And as you know, from the data we've provided previously, that metric continues to stay well above our floor, not our target level, but our floor level of 35%. And so we see no issues in our current numbers or in our forecast numbers of being well in excess of that floor level for Power's FFO-to-debt. And that includes, of course, everything we talked about relative to ongoing programs and investment at Utility, as well as Powers. Own cash flow and Power has very modest capital needs. So we give you the debt-to-cap because it's an easy end-of-period number to look at. But if you look at any rolling set of data from us on the FFO, we continue to be well in excess of our floor.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. So if you're looking at NDT, which you're right, would be a significant impact this year on a year-to-year basis. So just keep in mind, on the NDT, and I may have explained this before but if not, let me just, kind of, walk you through it. So the NDT is, of course, our trust fund for the decommissioning of the nuclear plant. And in the NDT trust, we have an excess of $1 billion in assets. It's about actually almost $1.5 billion as of the end of September. The NDT trust is invested between equities and fixed income securities, and we recognized gains on the NDT trust when securities are sold. Of course, dividends are recognized as dividends come through and are paid, but gains are only recognized when securities are sold. So although we manage the portfolio on a total-return basis with a group of third-party asset managers. Of course, we don't manage money in-house. When we change managers, sometimes, you see incremental gains roll through the NDT trust that would look higher than you would see if we've kept the same managers, and we were just seeing dividends in the normal manager portfolio turnover that they would do their own volition. So we did have a little bit of changes to our NDT manager list. So we put on some new managers and ended relationships with a few other managers. What that resulted in is portfolio turnover that results in realizing long-term unrealized gains. Just like if you held a security for a long time and you knew it was -- had appreciated but you haven't sold it. When those gains are realized, is when the managers are turned over, the new manager doesn't want the prior manager's holdings, that security is sold and the gains are realized and that comes through the other income. It's not an operating earnings. Again, we keep that below, just because of those kinds of things that can happen on a quarter-to-quarter basis that aren't really reflective on ongoing earnings. And that's exactly what happened this quarter. Normal manager turnover and hiring and terminating an old manager, lead to some gain realization.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes. I think everything that we're seeing there, Paul, is basically NDT. The only other thing that's a little below the line in our operating reports across the market, but most of what you're seeing there is NDT.
Caroline D. Dorsa: And a little bit higher percentage of Keystone and Conemaugh in that mix. When you do the per megawatt hour, you've got a little heavier Key-Con, which of course is the less expensive coal than our Eastern unit.
Caroline D. Dorsa: And Maura, also when we roll in the BGS, for example, in the upcoming February, that for this out year -- calendar year when we start to look at that year, it's BGS that comes in there first because it takes a while before that market becomes liquid enough to then role in other hedges. So usually that's very heavily weighted to BGS until it becomes near-term and liquidity starts to happen or something has happened post-BGS, but usually that's for this year out, it's almost entirely BGS.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Well. A good question, Steven. And we've talked about that a little bit earlier this year. We are doing some renegotiated coal contracts to better match our needs. Certainly, if we have done anything that resulted in penalty, today, you would have seen that already, right? So if anything occurs going forward, we'll certainly give you a price and break that out. But right now, I think, just kind of stand with where we are, and we've been done some renegotiations and kind of pleased with those results that pull things out a little bit.
Ralph Izzo: And, Dan, just to kind of bound this from a customer point of view, well, every dollar matters obviously, a $0.03 deferral is about $24 million in rates. And on an annual basis, our customers, depending on whether you include gas or just electricity, pay us $5 billion. So it's not a major issue in terms of customer impact. So with all, candidly, with all due respect to the importance of any financial consideration, right now, 100% of our focus is on the operations and getting things back.
Ralph Izzo: So Paul, we had some issues at some of our peakers at Essex and Carney and Sewaren. The combined cycle at Linden was also somewhat affected. We're still in the assessment phase. But right now, I would say that some of the older FT4 engines which, as you know, were HEDD devices, bore the brunt of. The nuclear units are fine. Salem 2 is back into its refueling outage. Salem 1, we just finished some inspections yesterday. They show no damage to turbines, the circ water screens are restored. And that looks like it's on schedule to come back very soon. I want to be careful. I haven't checked what we've posted on the PJM website. That's the only public disclosure I'm comfortable making. So I would say there's a little bit of work to do with some of the Northern New Jersey gas. Because the new Carney peakers, I'm pleased to say, are in good shape. There's been more damage to electrical equipment than any of the mechanical equipment, is the best summary. So nukes is fine. Electrical equipment has been affected in the northern part of the state. But we'll be reporting on that in real time.
Ralph Izzo: So that's correct, Paul. But there is one plant that received the standard offer contract, as we refer to as the SOCR contract. And I think I can mention the company because it's public, the NRG plant, which did not clear the last auction, which does have a subsidized contract that just starts at $361 per megawatt-day, and then varies over the next 15 years. It dips down to $215 and goes back up to $260. But I don't think this was controversial what were you referring to.
Ralph Izzo: Sure. No, I understand you're saying, Paul. Settlement is to suggest that there is a negotiation among parties, as to its positions that can be reconciled. And so I guess, the stakeholder process that's underway is an attempt to alter the rules to create a more efficient process. So we are all united that we want an efficient market. But at the end of the day, what separates us is the firm belief on the part of the groups that are aligned with us that an efficient market does not entail subsidizing new entrants who provide the exact same technology as you to displace an incumbent. The way efficient markets work is that a new entrant comes up with a new technology or a better way of doing things to displace incumbents who maybe have a higher cost structure or less efficient technology. But to take our Linden and Bergen units and to try to displace them, or eat into their market share by subsidizing an identical unit, is not what we would call an efficient market. So we -- that's a bridge that we somehow need to understand how to construct or cross over. And right now, we're pleased with the fact that there's a large constituency that understands our point of view, and says, "That's not in the interest of customers over the long term." And the most important thing is that today's future entrant is tomorrow's incumbent. And you're not going to be able to constantly undermine the economics of 30-year investments by turning around to people and saying, "Well, I'm sorry, you're yesterday's story." And then hurting their economics. So we clearly have a disagreement there on policy. But where we agree is that we have to have a process whereby New Jersey customers and PJM customers benefit over the long term. Now we can't have temporary benefits with long-term harm to the customer base. And we believe the best way to accomplish that is with an efficient market, one which does not differentiate the same technology on the basis of when you entered the market. So settlement, maybe more of a meeting of the minds in terms of the shared goal of what -- doing what's best for the customer as opposed to settlement.
Ralph Izzo: So Maura, I can't comment on others for obvious reasons, but we also do ratable hedging within a flexible band that we publish. But by and large, we hedge in a margin. We've booked the fuel and the sales and make sure that we're not hedging at a loss and trying to make it up on volume. I don't mean to be flip because obviously it's a serious question. So I don't know what others are doing in that regard, but we certainly don't book in losses with the expectation of maybe, if we didn't do it, it would only get worse. That's not the way in which we run our book.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. I mean the only question that I think I've received with increasing frequency from investors, and one can extrapolate from this, but I won't do the extrapolation, I'll just give you the facts. In terms of the questions we received is, the others seem to have believed that the forward prices will be going up, that the forward price curve is discounting what future prices will truly be. So don't want you stay more open? So that question we've been getting with increasing frequency. And we keep giving the same answer, which is where not in the business about guessing the forward price curve. And within the bands that we've put forth, we give ourself some flexibility, but we run this business as if the forward price curve is best information that's available to us.
Ralph Izzo: We would not want to go further out for 2 reasons. As you pointed out, the liquidity does drop once you get beyond the 36-month period. And while it's not the whole story, just remember we have 2 very natural products that are bounded over 3 years, and those 2 products are the base residual auction in RPM and the BGS contracts. So we try to hedge up 100% of our base load in 12 months, and then 75% of it over 24 months, and then half of it is just base load over the 36-month period. And we stay pretty open on our intermediate load following and peaking units just to capture that volatility that you referred to.
Ralph Izzo: That's -- Stephen, it's Ralph. That's taken into account, right? I mean, that's why Salem 1 became offline. There was some damage to the circ water screens. I'm 99% sure those were all repaired as of 24 hours ago, and we were just doing some routine inspections prior to start-up. So the tidal surge actually was the bigger issue this time instead of debris and just the mechanical stress and strain on those screens.
Ralph Izzo: And by the way, when I say routine start-up, I don't mean like routine refueling outage start-up which would be weeks, I mean routine start-up which is days.
Ralph Izzo: So, Julien, I -- let me begin by saying I absolutely hope they're right. The risk of stating the obvious. Number two, let me just reiterate that we just don't manage the business that way. We assume the forward price curve is the best information that's out there. That's it. To answer your question specifically, here are some ways that they might be right, but we do not hedge, and we do not run the business assuming what I'm about to say is true. We've seen Casper rejected twice. Okay? We all believe HAPs-MACT is going to go into effect in 2015. We know it's being litigated, maybe the market is not giving it 100% credit, very likely the case. We've talked about the weakest recovery from the deepest recession since the Great Depression. Maybe the housing market is recovering, and we haven't seen that fully reflected in price. We're seeing a robust demand for natural gas in the industrial section. And perhaps we're not seeing that fully reflected in price. We have an election coming up in 3 days. Could that result in a change in direction at EPA? Maybe that's not fully reflected in price. So my colleagues are very smart. And certainly, the -- everything I just said could give you some optimism that prices would change going forward, but we're just believers in the collective wisdom of the market, and therefore we run the place based on the forward price curve. How many times have I said that now? I don't know. And I don't mean to sound like a broken record but that's -- so that's a possible set of circumstances that could lift those prices up.
Ralph Izzo: So Julien, you cut out a lot, but Kathleen has bionic hearing, and she said she thinks that what she heard you say is are we planning to retire coal units, and the answer is, no, if that was a question. If it was a different question, you might want to call Kathleen with that later on.
Ralph Izzo: So listen, folks, all kidding aside, I know I've been a little bit more light hearted in a couple of my comments today, I will write that off to maybe a little bit less sleep than I normally receive. But in all seriousness, look, you're hearing from a very proud company with 109-year history. Now I got to tell you, in my 5 years as CEO, I've had the 2 biggest storms in our history, and our first and only Halloween snowstorm. So I would be lying to you, and I don't lie to you, if I said that these events have been welcome. But nonetheless, we're in great shape. And it just begins with great employees from our unions to our business unit presidents. We've got excellent assets. Some of them took a hit these past few days, but we're fixing them, and we're getting them back to service, and they will be back in service. We've got an outstanding balance sheet, which is an outstanding financial leadership in this company with Caroline on down throughout the team. And not -- we don't always agree with the State, but in so many ways, we've just got an unshakable partnership with them, and it never is more apparent than at times like these. So when you write all that up, it's a very strong and a very positive outlook, and one that I'm looking forward to being able to smile upon in the days to come. So thanks for being with us. We'll see you at EEI. And that's it for us.
