Ralph Izzo: So, Julien, our thinking on this hasn't changed. Our Power markets that we're interested in are PJM, New York and New England. We look for asset acquisitions, we look for opportunities to repower sites, we look for opportunities to extend or increase the output of our plants. As you all know, we've been much more successful on the later and not as successful on the former. So Peach Bottom uprate, advanced gas path improvements, a couple of peakers here and there have not been able to see the same price justification as others on asset acquisitions and similar thing happened in New England. In general, we like the New England markets from the point of view of newbuild because of the seven year. That's a bigger hurdle to overcome in PJM because of the one-year price. On the regulated utility side, we'll give you more detail on March 2, but there is still very much a robust capital program that we'll be showing you for the five years, and not just in terms of transmission which has been our number one. But as we've talked about in the past, opportunities to accelerate the replacement of our cast iron mains system in the gas business, as well as some of the components of the Energy Master Plan that relate to energy efficiency and renewables. You may recall, it's only been 10 months or so. So, I'm not suggesting we're done by any means but Energy Strong was a much bigger program than what was ultimately approved, so there will be more of that, but it's a little bit longer term than the next coming months. So there is no shortage of opportunities to deploy the capital. We are disappointed at Bridgeport Harbor, I'm not going to deny that but we've reefed up things we can do.
Ralph Izzo: We're not giving any more detail on that than we have already, Julien. We don't have any new information to update our financials and we are actively involved which FERC. We meet with them on a regular basis in terms of their questions and giving them feedback. But right now we'd rather make sure that FERC has all the information before talking much more about that on our earnings call.
Ralph Izzo: Sure. So, Julien, as we said, the Power markets at least for the foreseeable future have been turned 180 degrees. The winter is where most of the volatility and earnings potential for Power is coming from and that hasn't changed since we started talking about that now almost two seasons ago. So when you look at basis for the year, that's a little bit of a misleading view of the world. It's a combination of moderate basis in the summer, very strong basis in the winter and weak basis, in fact, negative basis in the shoulder periods. But the flexibility of our fleet and the way in which we hedge it takes all that into account. Over the longer term, I think what you are going to see is the market dynamic that's going to driven by significant infrastructure build of gas pipes from the Marcellus region to the Southeast and significant replacement of aging power plants that aren't able to meet environmental standards in the Southeast with highly efficient natural gas combined cycle. So we don't run the business saying that we are smarter than the market but to the extent that the market is viewed as an extend to that three-year to five-year timeframe, we still have lots of reasons to feel pretty confident in the location and quality of our asset base.
Ralph Izzo: Sure. No, we don't, Ashar (46:21). You may recall, a few years ago, maybe about five or so, we did have a number, and we found it too limiting. The dividend is something that we discuss all the time with the board, but we have a very robust conversation. We talk about where are the earnings coming from, what is the cash being generated, where are we in the power cycle – the power price cycle, what are the cash needs of the business, what are our competitors doing, competitors for capital, that is. So it's a very fulsome discussion and not one that lends itself to simply saying x% is the payout ratio. But we do try to guide you qualitatively recognizing that the dividend decisions are the purview of the board on a quarterly basis. But the number we put forth this time we believe is consistent with that view that we can provide a sustainable growth in the dividend.
Ralph Izzo: So, Paul, you're right. I mean, temperatures have been averaging about 16 degrees below average the last few days and plants are operating. But I think I know for us and I suspect for others, there were some operational changes we're able to make to reduce the amount of forced outages. Just in light of the forecast, we moved our coal piles around a little bit more so that we make sure that we didn't face them freezing up. But what hasn't changed for us and I suspect for others, the amount of capital investment that's being made in the older units, which basically never run until you get six days averaging 16 degrees below zero. And I think FERC is very cognizant of that. So there's only so much you can get out of improved performance by doing some operational prep work and eventually frictional forces that these temperatures overcome, whatever you might do in terms of preparation and those capital improvements are needed. And so, I think FERC will be supportive. I don't want to predict any outcome. I don't want to guarantee an outcome. But suffice it to say that there's really two issues that are involved in making sure a power plant runs. It's what you physically have put into the asset and what you do to ready it. And in terms of physical preparation, it's not leaving coal piles exposed, putting buildings around them, so that they are protected from the elements, that's a capital investment and you're not going to do that unless you know that you're going to get paid in the capacity market, because those typically – in our case at least, aren't units that capture energy margin. So we're still cautiously optimistic about what FERC will do. And we are very confident that whatever FERC does, we do have the type of fleet that will benefit from it.
Ralph Izzo: We earned our allowed returns, Stephen, just you may recall that we have an 11.68% return at transmission, and a blend of 10.3% at the utility for the most – at the distribution level a blend of 10.3% and some of the more recent programs are at 9.75%.
Ralph Izzo: Is when we would file for a test year that is three months to start and nine years prospective. Typically, we may seek to push it out even further.
Ralph Izzo: No, not in our service territory. It seems to me that most of the gas pipeline build that's been proposed nowadays for a variety of reasons is going from Marcellus and Utica to the Southeast and to the South. That's a much longer conversation that we can have. There is some very good economic fundamental reasons why that's taking place. I think we're ready for the next question, operator.
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Travis. The pure Energy Strong filing, if you will, had multiple components to it. There were a series of substations, for example, that were a center piece of, I think there were 29 of them that have to be upgraded and there where we are is we're in the engineering and design phase of that work. So that work is probably going to be the longest dated one, and when we do file for additional help in that area that's likely to not be off for at least another year. Another big part of Energy Strong though was the $350 million program to replace some of the cast iron main system. And I think we've done over 200 miles of that already and that is one that is scheduled to pretty much wind down by the end of 2015. So we'll talk more in detail about that on March 2, but that is a filing that we will be making in very, very short order to continue that program. That's important for a whole host of reasons, not the least of which is number one. You don't want to keep mobilizing and then de-mobilizing your workforce to do that. And as I said, that's winding down at the end of the year. But probably equally if not more important is the fact that we've continued to be able to pass these gas credits on to our customers. So this is the time to make the investment in infrastructure while the supply part of the bill is actually coming down, because it's something that the customer can afford to do right now. We're always mindful of the burden that we are putting on the customers. But there are some other parts of Energy Strong that are smaller in magnitude, but those being the two biggest ones. Some of the other things we've talked about in terms of potential investments that we're still waiting to here on are the Utility 2.0 program out on Long Island. Candidly we thought that would be resolved by now, but that looks like it's going to go out a couple more quarters into this year. We had thought we were the winner of the FERC 1000 project at Artificial Island. As you know, PJM is reconsidering that, and I don't know exactly when a decision will be forthcoming there. We thought it would be Q1. But Q1 is now halfway gone and that decision isn't done. The PennEast Pipeline investment we've made is still underway. The energy efficiency filing that we made is still having very constructive dialogue with the staff on that. So, there are things in all manners, all different stages from disappointment in terms of Bridgeport Harbor, optimism in terms of energy efficiency and a whole bunch of stuff in between.
Ralph Izzo: So, let's just put it this way, Jonathan, about 40 years ago or maybe, I think it was about then, we put a big increase into the dividend, I think it was about an $0.08 or $0.10 increase in the dividend. $0.12. Thank you, Jon. And we went out of our way to tell people that that was a significant resetting of the dividend and not to be expected as an ongoing change in the dividend. And we haven't used those words this time. So I really don't want to be tied to a specific number either from a cents per share or a percentage point of view, except to say that, we think this dividend increase is supportable and sustainable.
Ralph Izzo: Yeah. And again – that's a fair question, Jonathan. And I did say earlier that we look to see where the earnings in the company are coming from because, quite candidly, Power is more cyclical and the utility is more steady. But we don't have a – it's not formulaic. It's not 0.9 Utility plus 0.1 Power or 1.1 Utility plus 0.2 Power. It's clearly the fact that the utility will be well over 50% this year for the second year in a row. It depends on how you define well over. It'll be over 15% for the second year in a row, gives us more confidence in the size of the increase and the sustainability of the increase. But we absolutely know how important it is to the shareholders. We hear about it all the time.
Ralph Izzo: We're not going to reveal close or not close, because as soon as I give you a qualitative answer, you'll try to narrow me further.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks, Kathleen. So something just a little bit out of character. As many of you know – as all of you know, there is probably no bigger fan of our employees than yours truly here. There is one that I just want to make special mention of that, many of you probably have never met before, but after 40 years of service in the industry and 10 years with us, eight years as our chief nuclear officer. We did announce the retirement of Tom Joyce. Tom is just the quintessential professional, not only did he just create tremendous value for our customers and our shareholders, but he did what's expected of every strong leader and that is he leaves behind an incredibly solid team and groomed a talented successor. But I just can't thank Tom enough. And I thanked him yesterday in front of employees. So I want to make sure, I thank him today in front of our investors. As for the rest of my comments, it's simply this, for those of you in the Northeast, I hope you stay warm, hang in there. Our plants are running, our gas pressures on the system are good if not only even Northeast but you are in our service territory. And I hope to see all of you a week from Monday at our annual meeting. So I hope you're as pleased as we are with that result, and the outlook for 2015 looks even stronger. See you soon. Thank you.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. Dan, it's Caroline. Sure. Thanks. Yeah, I cited the baseload and the total and, keep in mind, that intermediate and peaking, right? So if you look at what we told you on the third quarter call, we were still a 100% hedged on the baseload. But the differences really occurred as we've added hedges in that intermediate and peaking which was 5% to 10% for 2015 on the last call and is now 40% to 45%. Now, of course, piece of that would be BGS, but if you do the math on that, you'd see that's a little less than half of the total on an estimated basis. And really what's going on, Dan, and if you look at the curves, just look at the forward price curve, you see this there were opportunities where the prices moved up during the last quarter before they came down right at the very end, and spark spreads have been pretty robust. And so, we took advantage of those opportunities to layer on incremental hedges. And by having that incremental flexibility and putting on a little bit more and capturing those price in spark spread opportunities, that's what's really increased the numbers. Now, if you are asking about the change in the price of baseload, you know that we actually give one consistent price across. So even though baseload was 100%, the average price of the entirety of the book, we put that across all the hedges, but we give you the granularity of where we're hedged between baseload and intermediate and peaking. So we like the impact that we had in the fourth quarter by adding on hedges. You know that BGS, of course, being full requirements also has some pass-through costs. But even if you strip that out you'd find that the hedges are really higher than they were from our last report.
Caroline D. Dorsa: That's exactly right, Dan. So you're exactly on the right math, because when you look at those key things which, of course, if you think about interest rate, actuarial tables and bonus depreciation really aren't in our control. But you've got your finger on the right things that take the utility growth rate perhaps lower than the expectation, but a nice growth rate nonetheless because the things that we do control, the things we're doing to put capital to work obviously continue. And as I said, when you think about going out beyond 2015, you'd see the annualization of bonus deprecation in terms of the base versus a subsequent year effect, and then pension obviously we think being more of a one-time and then going back to normal. So you're exactly right on how you're thinking about it.
Caroline D. Dorsa: So we haven't given the five-year number, but the three-year number and you'll see this in our 10-K when we file it, the three-year number averages about $2.4 billion per year in total for PSE&G, so I'm talking 2015, 2016 and 2017. And when you do that and you look at that, keep in mind that, as I said, transmission will be more than half of that. So you're going to see transmission really carrying the weight of that growth. So we're really pleased to see that on average for the next three years, and then we'll talk more about the five years on March 2.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yeah. So, Ashar Khan (43:20), you are on the right track. I won't validate a particular number that you cited there. But, yes, think about one-time effects, when you have a year-on-year effect of something like bonus depreciation which you remember, was passed at the very, very end of 2014, that has its one-year effect and then it becomes part of the base. Pension same thing, right, lower interest rates and then mortality table, which as you probably know is once in about 10-year effect, those things come in. And so, we would expect utility growth to be higher as we go on a 2015 to 2016 basis and on a 2014 to 2015 basis for exactly the reasons you cite overlaid on the backdrop of what I just mentioned, which is a continued robust investment program averaging a little bit more on an annual basis than we actually spent last year. So the fundamentals are there to provide the driver for that opportunity and we've got these sort of one-year effects from the two items. That's the right way to think about it.
Caroline D. Dorsa: So we certainly think we have a good value proposition, no doubt about that – and thank you for mentioning the dividend as well. Obviously, we don't give guidance beyond the current year, as you know, because of Power, although I think we're pretty pleased with what we've been able to deliver and the guidance we're giving for Power for this year. And frankly, going forward, expect us to do the same things we've been doing with Power for the past few years and I think relatively successfully layering in hedging, taking advantage of opportunities when we see them, and continuing to just take advantage of a well-positioned fleet. So we do think we have a good value proposition. I just mentioned and I think you were just doing the math separately. As you know, PSEG Long Island and our operating arrangement on Long Island is not part of PSE&G's results. It's part of the Enterprise, but you may have been just adding that back in your calculation.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yeah. So I didn't quantify that specifically, Paul, in terms of a number on the quarter. What I did mention was that the gas monetization benefit was essentially similar to what we saw in 2013. So you may recall in 2013 – and I'm talking about this (47:51) differential base in our supply. 2013, it was about $0.05 and in 2014 it was just about the same level. In terms of thinking about it going forward, obviously, we don't control that differential, but two things good to keep in mind. If you look at forward curves, you still see that differential. And so that's valuable and we model everything on the forward curve, including thinking about that differential. What, of course, you can always think about for us that does sustain is that access. Right? So we have the access this year, given what the team has been able to accomplish in terms of providing even more access to (48:33) Marcellus and Utica gas, we've been able to step up that percentage to a total of about 60%. And so, when you have the differential and we've got this long-term access, that's going to stay with us, can't say exactly what percentage every year, but long-term significant access. When that differential is there, you'd expect us to get it.
Caroline D. Dorsa: No. So, good question, Jonathan. If you look at, you're right, where we landed the year. Power is going to continue to be in very good shape. So I think the way to think about it is FFO-to-debt will continue to be well in excess of our floor of 30% just continuing to provide a lot of investment capacity of Power for the things that Ralph has just been talking about and of course as you know we don't have any parent debt and so that provides us even more opportunity for regulated investments. So yeah, I continue to see Power a very robust and what I like about is it allows us to have that conversation of where else can we make incremental investments, because there is just a lot of room there and that's a nice way to start the conversation about extra capital investment, not talking about issuing equity.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yeah. So, I won't give the specific numbers now on the call and we'll talk more about the long-term view of things on March 2, but I think the right takeaway is that balance sheet is in terrific shape and we look for as Ralph said lots of ways to deploy it. The numbers are in really, really good shape.
