Ralph Izzo: Travis, thanks for your question. What we've consistently said to folks is we don't have a dividend growth rate target, we don't have a payout ratio target. Both of those are items we consider, as well as the relative cash being generated by the businesses and the cash requirements of the businesses. So we summarize it by saying that we do believe we have an opportunity for modest growth in the dividend, consistent with what we see right now in terms of the cash generation and needs of the business, but we don't get numerical or quantitative on it. I mean, we've grown it, 9 or the last 10 years, it's been about a compound annual growth rate of 3%. We've paid it annually for over 100 years, so we try to give you comfort about it without giving you a specific, here's the growth rate.
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Dan. So on the distribution side, if you think of these the same way we thought about what we used to call our CIP programs, our capital infrastructure programs, so there is no time requirement for the BPU to act. These are clause recovery mechanisms that we're proposing. And the pace of review and approval is really directly proportional to the importance that the BPU ascribes to storm readiness. So we expect the BPU to fully scrub the numbers and go through and think about cost benefit. I think they'll trust our judgment in terms of what the priorities are and which substation is the most critical and which switching stations are most critical. But it really is a question for them in terms of what pace of action they want to see occur. I mean, we are a reliable utility. This is not needed for day-to-day reliability. This is to respond to enhanced extreme weather and enhanced reliance on electricity on the part of customer lifestyles. Transmission is a wholly separate story. Those are supplemental projects that come out of our analysis of RTEP. And while PJM can reject those, we don't need to wait for them to be included in the RTEP, and you can be assured that we've scrubbed those pretty tightly and we'll put them into formula rates as the work begins. And let me remind you that, that $1.5 billion is above what we've already announced previously for transmission. So PJM will conduct their no-harm review, and that will just then go into formula retreatment.
Ralph Izzo: No, we would only do these under a capital writer program. What we proposed is one that's identical to what we had and what we call CIP 1. And CIP 2, that was different writer and that was obviously acceptable to us then, it would be acceptable to us now. And we want to be flexible in talking with the staff and the BPU about what the recovery mechanism is, but we are not going to make these investments under traditional regulatory lag programs.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. We'll get into more details at the Analyst Commerce, but yes, what you said is accurate, you should not assume a lot of that in '13.
Ralph Izzo: You got that right, Andy, right. So the bill consists of numerous rate components. And even a sophisticated audience such as this will be surprised as how many components there are in a rate, which is a way of me saying please don't ask me to list them all because I probably won't remember all components there on the rates. So obviously, the distribution component of rates will go up as a result of this. One cannot invest this amount of money and get a fair return without those increasing. But it will be offset by declines in several components. And the BGS, as Caroline reported, were it not for transmission, would have been down probably, I don't know, $6 or $8, I think, is the exact amount. So there, you see an example of exactly the strategy we've been following, which is as wholesale supply costs come down, this is the time to make needed infrastructure investments and keep the bill essentially flat. And as we look forward, there are a couple of elements of the market transition charges that were put in place in 2000 that will come off. That add up to about 6% of the bill, and that will happen at the end of '13, and at the end of '15. So those declines will be offset by the increase in the distribution rate. So what we hear when we talk to our customers, and we talk to them a lot, is don't confuse me with rates, tell me what's going to happen to my bill. So we're not suggesting that rates aren't going to change. Obviously, rates will change, but the net effect is that if you assume continued flat BGS rates per the forward price curve, that customers' bills will be the same in 5 years as they are today, and customers' bills are substantially 30% to 35% below what they were on the gas side, and a few percent below what they were on the electric side from 2008. And if you were to -- if you would do something that just take CPI, it escalate either today's bill or the 2008's bill, in real terms, customers' bills will be far below. So yes, you're right. One element of the bill, one rate component of the bill will go up to pay for investments, but it will be offset by other pieces coming down.
Ralph Izzo: Oh gosh, no I don't. But I'm being told it's 6.6%, but I don't have it. I really didn't know. We'll give you the details at March 1.
Ralph Izzo: We made the filing, yes. We've been swimming in customer bill questions, because that's what our customers are most concerned about and that's what we want to make sure we're attentive to. So the incremental components, we can give you more detail later.
Ralph Izzo: We've been pretty consistent and upfront with policymakers and everyone about that, that the decline in natural gas prices and the result which directly affects the gas billing, the result in decline in electric prices, combined with the low interest rate environment, the availability of labor and the pressing need for the infrastructure investments makes this a perfect time to do.
Ralph Izzo: So Paul, so we are busily approaching January 1, 2014, per the terms and conditions of that contract, which gives us the authority and the responsibility to manage those distribution and transmission assets. So we are focused on exactly what we're focused on pre-Sandy, post-Sandy and everywhere in between per in terms and conditions of the contract. So we're assuming on January 1, we have those responsibilities. In terms of whether or not we will be interested, we never comment on any asset acquisition or company acquisition. So I just...
Ralph Izzo: Paul, I guess, I just want to add one thing on LIPA. Obviously, should the contract not take place for whatever reasons, some change in direction, all of the cost that we're incurring this year are recovered from LIPA. And they've been a good payer and a good partner throughout this process. So there's no financial risk there to us.
Ralph Izzo: So it wouldn't be less incremental to transmission but it would be the head retirements, that's right. We typically don't get much further than that in terms of the disclosure, especially with RPM being just 2.5 months away now.
Ralph Izzo: So Jonathan, thanks for the question. So there's no linkage between the solar and the hardening other than the obvious linkage being the customers' ability to pay. But my flat rates comment included the solar component. The gas firing that we had anticipated making has now been superseded by this infrastructure filing. We had originally thought that we would do a gas filing of about $250 million to $300 million per year, and it's turned into this $1.04 billion component of the storm filing that we just made.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, and it's understandable, Paul, because what we're basically saying is we're going to give you -- we have the details of that, but it just -- it doesn't lend itself to a phone call conversation. So we'll give you details from '13 to '17, by electric, by gas, by transmission, and that will all become much clearer on March 1. It exists. I'm not saying it doesn't exist, it's just doing that by phone is at least 3 by 5 matrix, and it's just -- it's not pretty, so...
Ralph Izzo: But just to correct, we're not saying that one project is the bulk of the $25 to $39 [indiscernible] at all.
Ralph Izzo: The bills in the legislature really have 2 components to them. One component is a change in the penalty schedule for utilities underperforming which we have expressed support for, because we have a lot of confidence in their ability to operate. Well, what we said to folks is, look, if you're going to increase the penalties, please improve the tools that the BPU has available to it to establish rates that facilitate investments that will help us perform at the level you want us to perform. Now there's some debate as to whether or not the BPU already has that authority, but we're of the opinion, "better safe than sorry." So why not make it an explicit option at their disposal.
Ralph Izzo: So the timeline has been stretched to May 1, Michael. The Board staff with Sandy has just been incredibly busy. So there's a period of cooperation, we set the 180-day requirement, something that we're more than willing to live with, even relax. So May 1 is the new date. And that's all for components, $690 million over roughly a 5-year period.
Ralph Izzo: So Brian, actually the curves have been pretty steady for quite a few quarters now. So I'm a little bit at a loss. I mean, we do refresh our detailed plans on a fairly regular basis. I'm sure the finance team thinks I'm saying that we do it too often, but I mean, I'm just looking at a chart right now that looks like a very small modulating sine wave for the past 9 months. So the day-to-day volatility due to basis differentials or weather spikes, I mean, that's something that ER&T managers on a day-to-day basis, and we don't do our business planning or financial planning on that basis. So I guess, I'm politely disagreeing that we've seen pretty stable prices. And given our hedging, we're even more comfortable with our numbers.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, this one is a little bit stranger, Brian. It's not a PJM approval process. It's a PJM veto process, so to speak. They come up with an RTEP. We look at RTEP and say, oh, if we're going to do that, we have to do this, this, and these other few things, these supplemental projects. They tend to be of a lower voltage, but still transmission voltage. And then at the staff level, there's no major project that comes out of that as they make sure that there's no harm to the RTEP. And in fact, what we're doing is consistent. If that all works the way it always works, we will start spending in 2014.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, that's correct. I didn't realize That's where you were going, yes. That is an accurate statement.
Ralph Izzo: So we've had quite a few of these calls together. So by now, I'm sure you're a little bit tired of hearing the pride I take on our operational excellence, I'll have a slightly different emphasis right now, and that is that we work quite hard and take an equal amount of pride in the financial strength we built for the company. And it's really with quite a bit of enthusiasm and optimism that we're proposing to put that balance sheet strength to work to benefit our customers and our shareholders alike. I'm delighted by your questions. I know we said a lot of we'll give you that on March 1, so I hope we see all of you next Friday and have a great week. Thanks for joining us.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure, Travis. So it really lined up relatively well with our expectations. Because if you think about it, and I know we've talked about this, and Kathleen spoke with folks earlier about this after BGS results came out, the 2 pieces that we pointed to as growing in that green section were the green energy component, right? The renewables. And also transmission. And so transmission wasn't a surprise to us because it really reflects the inclusion in cost for the BGS contract from the significant transmission work that's underway at PSE&G, which we've been talking about, right? So the significant transmission work that's been underway in PSE&G for some time, as well as the ongoing program for increased transmission spend, that is part of the base we've been talking about for a while, it finds its way into those numbers, because obviously, every BGS provider has to fully support the full transmission build out. So that wasn't really a surprise to us. Don't forget, of course, the other thing that increased slightly from the 2012 level was energy based on the PJM Westford energy price. So these results were relatively consistent with our expectations, and the way we think about this is really what you're seeing now is stability in BGS as the PJM West prices have been stable on a year-over-year basis.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure, Paul. It's Caroline. So relative to customer migration at the end of the year, you may recall at the beginning of the year, we gave an estimate of between 36% to 40% migration by the end of the year. And we don't have the December data at this point. It usually comes about a month from now, because everything's on a bit of a lag. But our best estimates are that we ended the year right about the high end of that range, but right come smack at the edge of the range. So that's really consistent with our expectations. The other point that I made on my remarks about the year-over-year impact is actually an important point relative to how to think about the ongoing impact of migration, and that is about the headroom. So year-over-year, in the fourth quarter, migration was actually a net positive, and that's because in 2011's fourth quarter, we saw headroom expand significantly from what it had been earlier in 2011. And by the end of 2012, that headroom had come down significantly, really, it was coming down during the year. Now to what we see, and you have to calculate your own, but what we see is a single-digit number. So that's important because it goes to a way to think about migration in the upcoming year. As to headroom, if it stays to be a single-digit like number and you saw some -- the prices embedded in the most recent BGS clear, that means the impact of migration, as we've always talked about, becomes a smaller and smaller impact to our margin, because the real impact is that difference or that headroom. So we're not forecasting a specific migration level as we come into the upcoming years. I think you've heard on my remarks what we're really forecasting is terawatt hours for BGS. So 12 ranging down to 10 terawatt hours for BGS this year and next year, but again, with a smaller headroom, it becomes less of an impact as to what you would previously have thought about the impact for BGS would be when we started having migration. So that's really the migration story. In terms of insurance, no, we can't estimate any proceeds at this point. As we said, we'll report them to you on an actual basis. We're in the process of pursuing that claim. What I can tell you, just in a general way, is keep in mind that we believe a large portion, a very large portion of the numbers that we're talking about for Power qualify for coverage. Beyond that, I can't speculate. On the utility, we pursue -- that coverage is applicable on those pieces that would not be eligible for coverage. Obviously, those are things that are deferred for potential recovery for the BPU process. But we'll report that on an actual basis. I just reinforced not to draw any conclusions about amount or any conclusions about proportion of recoverability from the fact that in the fourth quarter, we spent the 85 and the recovery was 19. We're really, at the beginning of the process, not in any way that you should take any kind of linear extrapolation from.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. When you think about demand growth, we typically stay relatively close to the forecast that you see from PJM. So pretty modest demand growth is what we're assuming over the multi-year period. PJM's most recent documents, as you probably saw, had demand growth of about 0.8%. And so we tend to use figures around that range, so relatively modest demand growth taken in the aggregate.
Caroline D. Dorsa: So it's a good question, Neel. I would say, from an ongoing basis, it is a little bit lumpy because when you put a solar facility into place, you have a onetime benefit that is a portion, it's not the entire ITC. It's just a portion of the ITC based on how the tax rules work. The remainder of the ITC rolls out over the life of the asset. But there's a little bit of a bump of a benefit there. In addition, the remaining things in holdings that we have are assets, like we have a generating plant in Hawaii for example, those ongoing earnings flow in and also anything that happens on a short-term basis on interest from parent would be in there as well. We have some swaps in there also. So I'd say you should assume last year's level of course was never something you could extrapolate from because we have the audit settlements. The current year level has a little bit of bumpiness for solar, so if you're thinking about it on a longer-term basis, you should have some level of value there but probably not the level that we're forecasting this year until we get to a new solar installation, in which case, we would give you that information on an ongoing basis.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Right. So I think, Paul, one thing to keep in mind is when we did the weather normalization, right, we are not normalizing for Sandy, right? Because weather normalization is essentially temperature, right? Sandy wasn't temperature, right? Sandy was something completely different in storm surge and outage and all of that. So you have a little bit of a differential in terms of seeing, as you point out, between commercial, industrial and the residential. So you just got to think about it as Sandy really changed a lot of things that really changed that dynamic. But keep in mind that if you kind of look at the year-to-date, you do see a pattern that is of the same direction, right? So the residential was a little bit higher on a full year basis and commercial and industrial were a little bit lower. The fourth quarter is really a distortion for the magnitude given what happened with Sandy. But the year-to-date, you're still seeing a little bit of growth in residential, and you're seeing a little bit of decline in commercial and industrial. We've kind of seen that pattern for a bit.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes, for the quarter, I wouldn't do any kind of extrapolation because, really, it's hard to pull Sandy out of all that. We think, without Sandy, it would've been more like a neutral picture for the fourth quarter. But as Ralph says, weather normalizations is an art, and probably Sandy normalizations is a double art.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Well, I didn't give any specific numbers, right, for the amount from the solar ITC, kind of onetime effect from that permanent difference calculation for both relative to how to think about kind of ongoing. Yes, I mean, we do have ongoing benefits from our assets and they do flow through. But I would just caution about drawing too many conclusions on exactly how to forecast beyond the current year, because, of course, we don't give guidance beyond the current year. But you should assume that there are a few cents in there for the ongoing performance of our assets. That is the right assumption. We have assets that are performing well. But the solar, as it is for every company, right, creates onetime events that relate to the recognition of a portion of the ITC.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Well, in terms of ITC for a project coming into service, that's a onetime event, right? So remember, in the ITC, if -- you may not be familiar, right, in the ITC recognition, there is a onetime permanent tax benefit that comes from the implementation of the ITC where you get the ITC, you recognize it over the life of the asset, but you don't take down the tax basis for the full amount of the ITC. It's that permanent difference that gets recognized on a onetime basis. The rest of the time, the ITC flows out over the earnings on an ongoing basis.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. Michael, it's Caroline. So we haven't given the overall O&M growth. So I mentioned pension only because that's quite a swing factor that obviously garners a lot of attention and we've given a lot of attention in the past. As you know, we did pull Sandy out of O&M for Power on an as-reported 2012 basis. We will do that for 2013 as well. And we'll give you the O&M forecast, as we typically do, on a kind of 3-year CAGR basis. We'll give you that for the company as a whole, as well as power utility kind of broken out in 2 pieces on March 1, again, in context, the same way we give you the capital expenditures for an ongoing 3-year basis as well. We haven't given that on this call. We'll give that on March 1 as well.
