Dan Cregg: Yes. I think if you take a look and we can talked a little bit during the prepared remarks on the call about some of the pressures with respect to the power markets in general and we laid out the overall impact that we saw from re-contracting both from $1 per megawatt hour as well as a $0.01 per share. So if you just take a look at kind of comparing volumetrically year-over-year and looking at the incremental volume and the incremental margin that's the clear vision of the $0.01 per share.
Dan Cregg: Yes, it's that as well as in the first quarter of every year, we have the BGS auction come through, by definition, taking on BGS and the size of the hedge all in one day ends up being a bigger impact in the aggregate. But there is some rebalancing as we work our way through that quarter, you're seeing a little bit of that. So it's not a material change to how we are doing anything, I think just as we walk through and when we see a bigger opportunity to hedge all in one day where BGS would do some balancing of that. I think that, coupled with the as we were working through that quarter and thinking about the potential for where our nuclear was pre-ZEC determination came into some of our thinking. So it's not a macro change and we're approaching things, I think it's just some nuances as we went through the quarter.
Dan Cregg: It’s Daniel, I think from our perspective on that front, if you think about and read through what was done, it seems to us they pretty clearly did not follow what was in the legislation itself. And there are particular elements of the legislation, the market risk, the operating risk that were part of the analysis in the legislation, but we're not part of the Levitan report that was pulled together. So we're scratching our head a little bit, and I think to Ralph's point, that the Commissioners looked at what was there and made the right choices to follow the legislation that was in place. And I think that reported from Levitan that pulled together and put in front of them. So I think they got to the right place and acknowledge that with some direct language within the order and I think that helped to set the record straight as well.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. That's there is biggest difference there, really as the two new units coming in. So the bump up that you're seeing from Keys and Sewaren running is just giving you a much bigger aggregate gas burn for the quarter.
Ralph Izzo: So Julien, that's really good question, but it's tough one to answer, right. So until we know what approach FERC is going to take, we are really just engaged in [indiscernible] philosophical conversations. And I think the BPU commission is having a very clear answer to in terms of the value by virtue of their role. So the actual tactics that will be used to preserve the plants is really going to be a function of what FERC decides to do with RPM and we've talked in the past about some things that we've explored, whether it's BGS or possibly other message that we would take. I think the most important thing that we should take away from the events in the past few weeks because the state has plans to getting those plants online, where there are environmental benefits and weather issue.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So a couple of things. So we do have an MoU with Orsted to provide energy management. The BPU at present is entertaining bids that are inclusive of transmission construction. They could decide in Phase II to do things differently than that, to separate the supply from the transmissions. And I think we've made it pretty clear that we don't believe we have the skills nor we're seeking to develop the skills to build the wind farm, but we think we have the skills to help with the transmission. So we would have some flexibility in subsequent rounds to help folks with their transmission needs.
Ralph Izzo: Again, the answer to that is yes, provided the BPU decided to separate the supply from the transmission, which they have not decided to do. And we haven't taken a strong position on what's the better approach. It does appear that if you envision a long-term build-out offshore wind up and down the coast, then some comprehensive thinking of the transmission backbone is merited, but in the absence of that kind of coordinated effort, it really is a solicitation by solicitation decision that we'll have to respond to.
Ralph Izzo: So answer is no, it does not. As you know, Jonathan, the Clean Energy Future, which is the one that's most specifically relevant to the targets and goals set by Governor Murphy, comes under our schedule that's determined by what we used to call the [indiscernible] I don't know if we can call that or not. But coincidently, I just read a newspaper article this morning with the Governor himself commented. So you're getting this third-hand, I'm just quoting news paper article I wasn't with the governor yesterday. The reason for the delay is he wants to make sure that everyone who wanted to participate in a stakeholder process had a chance to do so. So I think it's a combination of that, which is straight from the newspapers quote and the fact that the BPU has had a lot of work to do. I mean you've got the offshore wind solicitation, the first-time ever you have the ZEC process the first time ever and in the meantime they have to regulate the water companies, cable companies, install our environmental remediation, the filings and various other kind of routine business that is a tremendous workload for them. So at the risk of perhaps may be deviating a little bit from the prepared remarks, since a number one person in the state is just a lot of work going on down there at that level.
Ralph Izzo: So we don't have timing on that. And we just think discretion is a better part of valour, just given the workload down at the staff. We're just patiently waiting for that feedback on when they are ready to handle those other components. As you know, the EEPs, the energy efficient piece is $2.5 billion out of the $3.6 billion. So I just want to make sure we get that right before pressing on a couple of other components.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. Dan is going to upload in a moment, but you can expect to catch up on your sleep. No, I mean, you will bring up the data in detail, but it's really going to be where she goes. I mean, we're in really good trajectory, and I expect to stay in that trajectory and will just reaffirm that with some nice backup data and interesting stuff.
Ralph Izzo: Sure. Look, I don't think it's – expressed on my part is to really extend congratulations to the BPU Commissioners. This was a really hard decision for two reasons, right. It's a decision that is a better for the state and the planet, but for all and those are always the toughest decisions. It's not like you're doing something that fixes a situation, you're doing something to avoid a problem. So they avoided $400 million in higher bills, they avoided 16 million tons of carbon, they avoided pounds and pounds of mercury and NOx, they avoided thousand jobs of lose. So that's a tough case to make. It's all based upon studies and analysis. Plus they did by raising the collection of revenues in the states rate pay of $300 million. No regulatory ever likes to do that because its two-thirds, which is excellent. So I think that was an incredibly courageous, but right decision for the State of New Jersey, and again, the risk of being dramatic for the planet. So that's the color you heard is that goodness gracious. But for doing this, things will be a lot worse, and I've got somehow – I as a regulator has not only step to make that decision but explain it to people, we are candidly more concerned whether the kids are doing their homework and whether the boss is giving them right time and whether or not the house needs a new roof and not exactly as customers immerse deeply in the nuances of carbon emissions from gas plants versus coal plants versus nuclear plants. So I'll just give them a ton of credit for doing the right thing. Especially [indiscernible] of the, candidly, some of the work that was done by the Levitan folks which I think was not the best work.
Ralph Izzo: Look Praful , we have heard, just like everyone else's that there was a debate between one and two hours. And whether it's priced in or isn't priced in, we don't know. What we only know is that we run our business based upon the forward price curve. And if I'm not mistaken, we have not seen much movement satisfying that could be a function of the fact that there's a bunch of implementation work yet to come. Or it could be a function of factor that was already priced then. But again, I don't mean to be vague. I just think we don't try to guess what the forward price curve has or hasn't factored, we just operate the business based on what it's telling us, that is available and in terms of purchasing and sales.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Praful. I think it's two pieces. One is the fact that when we're providing ranges of output, you're within that range. So if you think about one unit, one month and 57%, you come down to a number that absolutely fits within that range. Probably a smaller thing to think about is that we have generation that's not far from where this facility is. And maybe thinking about, if you look at the interaction of what happened when Oyster Creek retired and we looked at nuclear generation went down in the state and gas generation went up in the state. So there's probably some aspect where we'll end up seeing some of that generation get replaced and it could end up being some of our units. But I think the more way to think about it is just the fact that we're providing a generation range and the magnitude of the incremental days on the outage will easily fit within that range from where we were to where we'll be on the other side.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. First of all, I like the environmental signature of the fleet and I liked the heat rate of the fossil units. But we're always willing to listen to people who were willing to offer an attractive price. So that's – I don't think we want to get into the acquisition or merger discussions of the phone. I mean, that's just personal comment in general. But I'd say in general, we like what we've done with our fleet in terms of its efficiency, its dispatchability and its environmental footprint. But we always think about what our core, what is in core and we talked about that as a board on a regular basis.
Ralph Izzo: No. What I would say on that, Michael, is that we always – we have been consistent. That's the investment needs are enormous. That the thing that we all have to be respectful of the impacts on the customer bill. And right now, we are 30% below where we were 10 years ago in our customer bill, 40% if you factor in inflation. So we're 40% below in real terms, 30% nominal terms and what we've committed to our customers and what we've committed to ourselves is to whether in programs using some combination of IIP or other clause mechanisms that keeps those rates fixed in real terms. That's rate bunch up and comes out kind of CPI level growth rate. And now the challenge is to do that at the same time that people's dependency on electricity is increasing and therefore their need for greater resiliency is increasing. And as the same time that some higher costs supply options are desired, carbon-free supply options, right? So I think the state and the BPU commission showed their strong commitment to a low carbon energy by doing what I would argue is the second cheapest way to reduce carbon by keeping existing nuclear plants alive but at a cost of $10 per megawatt hour. We are now in discussions with them on the cheapest way to reduce carbon. And that's for energy efficiency, which has a negative cost percent of carbon reduced. And then there'll be other things that we'll chat with them about in terms of being able to take energy efficiency to the next level through advanced metering. And then to really tackle the number one source of carbon in New Jersey, which is transportation, through helping to build an electric vehicle infrastructure. So the aspirations of there were all lined up from the government to the BPU to the company. It's doing that while respecting the customer bill that I think we're collectively trying to figure it out. So I think the merits of what we've proposed hasn't changed, the concern for the customer's bill hasn't changed. You just need to make sure that you place things in a way that respects all of those aspirations, to be mindful of the bill and to be mindful of the environmental justice.
Ralph Izzo: I think that should be looking at confidential. Michael. So really – I mean, we are still in settlement discussions. I think I can go that far, but there were a lot surprises, that there were some other business that step in front of that for us then the staff and we're having to ask them to have settlement discussions while we're looking at three first time ever solicitations for offshore wind and, I mean, they are just so as we down there and there are so much work on their plate that we have to be respectful of that workload.
Ralph Izzo: That’s tough to digest. You could see the total numbers basically said that there’s greatest transfer capability into PS North, PS Zone and Eastern Mac is less transfer capability into Mac. And not surprising demand was down across the board. So, we haven’t done our analysis yet on what we think that implies. And with all due respect, my belief is even after we do that analysis, we typically don’t tell anybody. So, we do get it right though. I hate to be such a jerk about it, but I sort of like, we know things that we can tell them. but at this point, we don’t even know things, so…
Ralph Izzo: I think I would punch him more towards the forward curves then than any place else. And that’s what we always do reference with you and that’s how we think about it as we look forward. The main thing I would tell you is that as you look forward, they are going to continue to change. So, I think we’ve seen some pressure right now and as we look out into the forward curve, we’ve seen a little bit of tightening with respect to sparks and we’ll continue to watch them. And I think supply demand and overall use including whether it looks like it’s going to have an impact as we stepped forward.
Ralph Izzo: Well, for us, Michael, it would be the opening up of opportunities on the customer side of the meter. Whether that’s, energy efficiency, which we’ve clearly articulated, whether it’s electric vehicle infrastructure, whether it’s advanced metering infrastructure, which I guess is on the border. I don’t think, I’m not aware, at least of anyone who disputes our prudency and our thoughtfulness around the traditional investments we’ve made. Just going back to a second ago to the question that that was asked about what we expect out of RPM, I mean, whatnot for transmission investments, those transfer capability numbers would have been very different. So there’s huge consumer benefits to the transmission investments we’ve made and we all know about the benefits of the energy. Strong investments we’ve made in terms of lifting assets out of a flood prone areas. So, I think from my point of view of traditional infrastructure and resiliency and reliability, we’ve had a long history of very, very favorable feedback on how prudent we’ve gone about doing that. Well, we really are now trying to recognize the increased urgency around taking actions the preempt two degree seeing rise. Now, New Jersey is not alone, and we need more than New Jersey to act on this. But right now we have a very strong policy mindset this as we should do as much as we can and others will follow too. So out of the energy master plan, I’m looking for a reaffirmation of that commitment to environmental progressiveness that we’ve heard about, because we’re trying to lead the way on that front.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. So it’s definitely more in the latter category. I think we’re, for the foreseeable future, past out peak transmission spend. Now the caveat you have to give for that as you know, is that the transmission is the first and last line of defense for the both Power systems reliability in the face of generation, construction and retirement decisions. And even though PJM does a good job of trying to allocate expenses associated with generator leads and things of that nature, the grid ultimately is a function of the physical proximity of supply to load. So barring some major, major changes in that dynamic, I think that you can safely assume we're in the mode of improving end-of-life facilities and maybe creating greater capability of our sub transmission and bringing it into the transmission domain. So it would be smaller project.
Ralph Izzo: So right now Travis as we said, we have just an MoU with Orsted in Phase 1 and that’s for generic energy management services and we've been clear with everyone and with Orsted that we considered transmission to be part of that. In Phase 2, we would have some flexibility to work with others or to resume that relationship with Orsted. I wouldn't want to predetermine that that decision because we have a fair amount of work to do in Phase 1 just yet.
Ralph Izzo: Thanks Cristal and thanks everyone for participating and for your questions. So again, as you know, I mean our long-term strategies to transition our business to a mostly regulated company was predictable cash flows and every way we look at it that feels like it's on track to us. We have not only reached the point where 75% of non GAAP operating areas have come from utility, but as we look ahead to the five year capital program, a 90% of it and possibly more depending upon the outcome of the filings will be directed towards the regulated business. So that's going to improve the reliability and efficiency of our operations. It's going to benefit our customers and it's going to support New Jersey's energy policy goals. So Power is going to see it's free cash flow improved this year. It's going to continue to support our investment programs and dividend growth. It's going to enable PSEG to meet the objectives of that five year capital plan without the need to issue equity. So we like the trajectory we're on. Thank you again for joining us and hopefully we'll see everyone on May 29th at the New York Stock Exchange for our annual analyst day. Breakfast included then. So thanks, everyone. We'll see you soon. Take care.
