Ralph Izzo: Sure, Julien. Yes, I do think that depending on what happens at the federal level, there remains the opportunity for New Jersey to recognize certain attributes that perhaps are not explicitly identified at the federal level. To the extent that the federal level does recognize the same attributes then you would not have redundant programs. So, an example of that might be you could have price formation improvements at the federal level just to make the market more efficient sort of along the lines of what PJM has talked about with inflexible units and that doesn’t do anything explicitly for fuel diversity or resiliency and therefore New Jersey could have an overlay on top of that. Similarly, fuel diversity versus carbon would be mutually exclusive, but if both jurisdictions recognized carbon, then you would not have two programs overlapping each other. Those are just types of examples I would think about in terms of state and federal programs being complementary versus redundant. To your second question, whenever you have a change in administration and as you implied, Governor Christie is term limited, now he is finishing his second term, has a desire on the part of the new incoming administration to establish themselves in various ways, it could be environmental, it could be the economy, it could be education and both candidates have talked about their desire to look at things a little bit differently when it comes to energy policy discussions about REGI and green energy targets and we absolutely as we have done for 110 years we absolutely will work with the incoming administration to understand their policy objectives and inform them as the implications both about positive and negatives of whatever we want to be done, because as we know things cost money to do, but if the benefits outweigh the costs, then we are eager to help them pursue it. So, yes, we will work closely with whoever the new governor is to help them formulate and execute their energy policy. Lastly, I think you are correct and if I could say implicit remarks that an ongoing investment in the infrastructure is something that is no matter who comes into office will probably be supportive of and I do think that’s correct, there is a widespread recognition on the part of regulators and policymakers that we have an aging infrastructure that’s not perfectly suited for the growing dependency that people have on electricity nowadays and the improvements we are making will certainly continue proposed, but I think will be well received.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. Our last base rate case was in 2010 and we have done a very good job of controlling O&M expense, but circumstances have conspired against us by having complete actions of low growth over that time. So, even a very good job of controlling O&M expense loses out to no load growth. We have also as you know had some of the clauses anticipate this rate case. So, we had some un-recovered CapEx and we had some modest investment levels above depreciation that served to build the rate base to levels that were not commensurate with what was in the 2010 rate case. That’s a really longwinded way of saying we need some rate relief, but we have managed our overall portfolio well enough that we are describing this is a kind of middle single-digit type of rate increase, which will be far below the compounding of CPI over the last 7 years that one might otherwise have expected. So, I think it will be something that is easily explained. Now, the 7% to 9% figure in rate base is more a prospective conversation. And my last 3 minutes was really looking in rearview mirror, but now as I look out the windshield, basically we have as you know in our 7% number, programs that were wholly approved than the 7% to 9% number anticipated some fairly high degree of confidence in some program extensions. And I think what you are hearing in our voices today is that, that confidence has grown as we have been able to put our engineers to work and understand some of parts of the system both gas and electric that needs strengthening. So, as you think ahead to earnings and as you know we don’t forecast earnings beyond the current year, the three levers you have in the regulated utility are earnings grow with load, I think down we are seeing 0.4%, 0.5% is the forecast.
Ralph Izzo: And then you are subtracting that O&M, we have been pretty good at controlling that and you add to that the clauses that we expect to get recovery of. So, its two additions and one subtraction and you will get pretty close to what the utility should look like in the coming 5 years.
Ralph Izzo: I think that’s correct within the limitation of as you know we don’t smooth for pension. So, some massive change in pension funding which we don’t expect we are 92% funded right now, but the equity ratio could be adjusted in the case to – we are probably going to ask [indiscernible] more, a bit more than we used to have in the past and so yes, the case could set a new base from which that upper end of the 7% to 9% can grow.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, probably, so, of course, probably I wish I could answer that with definitiveness, but let m answer it with the way which we proposed that to be played out, which may or may not have any bearing with what actually happens. In our comments to FERC, we basically said first of all bringing PJM in under Section 206 to do what PJM says needs to be done is a no-brainer. So, the inflexible unit treatment, they fast start reforms, that is long overdue what needs to be done and that is the easy part. Others have estimated that could be anywhere from $2 to $4 per megawatt hour. Others have estimated that. Secondly, as this specifically pertains to the DOE recommendations put forth in a NOPR, we have pointed out that there is a substantial portion of PJM that is competitively positioned in the market, but yet receives cost of service rates from their state regulators. And on an interim basis that can be replicated at the federal level through a version of RMR type reliability, must run type contracts. So the units that are at risk of premature retirement and that would be an interim solution until one comes up with a market-based solution that values the diversity associated with these different field types. We have proposed one method that relates to tranching of the capacity markets, others have proposed methods that relate to scarcity, pricing and energy markets for different fuels, but that permanent solution will involve a longer discussion with affected stakeholders. So really, it’s three steps, it’s hey, there is plenty of evidence already that fast start and inflexible unit price formation needs to be fixed now and can happen now, interim solution for at risk of premature retirement using a cost of service methodology can be put in place very easily and then a longer term market-based solution. There are known solutions and options that people can pursue, but a more fulsome discussion would not be inappropriate in that regard.
Ralph Izzo: No, the view still holds, but I think it’s pretty obvious to us to at least, but right now in the short-term with all of the conversations taking place at FERC, at DOE, at the state, with new entrants being formed in anticipating the Vistra Dynegy combination with all the entrants exiting in terms of public markets, anticipating the Calpine going private. I think it’s – this is a good time to just sort of wait and let something settle out of it, right. So, we are in a great shape. Power is a cash generator and earnings producer. And about 15 months, Power will be a healthy free cash flow generator. The utility has an insatiable appetite for that cash. So, we are not in any hurry during this period of tremendous change, all healthy, all very healthy given the dialogues taking place at FERC and given the dialogue taking place at the state to let it kind of play out while we enjoy the benefits of the two companies being together. That doesn’t change the fact that we continually assess our strategic flexibility going forward on whether these two businesses belong together or not. And I standby my prior belief that I think over the long-term they do diverge.
Ralph Izzo: I did make that mistake about 3 or 4 years ago. I may not be this large, first off all, but I do learn from those mistakes, I am not going to give you that, nice try.
Ralph Izzo: So we have constantly disciplined ourselves to staying within a certain range in terms of how much we hedge, we have various parameters, gross margin at risk, standard VAR calculations. We do allow our ERNT folks, our trading organization to float high and low in that range depending upon what’s going on. To the extent that the whole market anticipates price formation you should start seeing that in the forward price curve and therefore our hedging approach would stay the same. We do challenge ourselves if we think the market is missing something to make darn sure that we can figure out why the market will be missing it before we would push one boundary or another, but in general, we will run a place to where we always have which is not assume we are smarter than the market and to just stay within those limits, but again, those limits are range and we do let our folks have some flexibility within that range.
Ralph Izzo: So, Christopher, we had originally planned to file November 1 per the agreement we made back in May of 2014 coming out of Energy Strong. There was widespread recognition that, that will be 2 in 10 and there was preference for 3 months of actuals and 9 months of forecast as opposed to 2 months of actuals and 10 months of forecast and that was the primary driver behind the 1 month delay, if you will. So, there is nothing mystical or profound going on there. So, the test year still ends in June of ‘18. As I mentioned before, we are expecting mid single-digit, we are requested to increase that will still keep rates below where they were in 2010 when we had our last base rate case. Remember, we have $250 million of GSMP stipulated rate base that was not covered by GSMP. We have about $100 million of Energy Strong above the $1 billion that was in the clause. We have storm recovery cost that’s I think $200 million something. That was deemed prudent, but hasn’t been returned to us yet. We have some new business that added to the CapEx. And candidly, we had some additional capital that was above depreciation levels that were accumulated over the course of the year. So, we would anticipate rates going into effect October, November of next year. And I don’t want to front-run the filing, we owe to the board staff. So, let them be the first ones to read the details, but Dan if you want add any thoughts.
Ralph Izzo: And just I think most of you know this, but our rate base is roughly half transmission, half distribution right now, so tiny but more distribution.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, so the 9 months it will be a 12 year, 12 months test year and it will start with 3 months of actuals and 9 months of forecast and as we step through we’ll update those as we go forward.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Chris, we’ve had a series of energy efficiency filings approved over the past 7 or so years. I think they’ve totaled out about $400 million most $69 million past summer. And we have basically worked around this issue of fixed costs recovery with the stakeholders in these processes and it kept us from doing something in a much grander scale and we’ve simply decided that with the prospect of a new administration coming in and ongoing indication that there are market imperfections that keep customers from investing in energy efficiency despite the compelling economics of that that we would like to do this in a much more significant way, but we are not going to do it and suffer fixed cost losses at the options recovery of fixed costs. So given the traffic redesign involved with decoupling we thought well, since we are going in for rate case, now is a good time to raise the issue and that’s the motivation. The motivation really is not so much of this rate case, but the rate case is an opportunity to pave the way for significant energy efficiency proposals early next year.
Ralph Izzo: Well, I can tell you what it means for us Travis is we are not deploying additional capital into the power generation business, we have 1,800 megawatts of 6,000 to 6,500 heat rate power plants coming online and we are quite happy with that. At the risk of speaking for others, which is always going to be wrong that PJM in particular many other markets are in oversupply situation and there has been reasonable demonstration of capital discipline in the most recent auctions that have taken place. So, I think that the supply demand imbalance that exists is a separate issue that will continue to impart that capital discipline and the price formation issue is just the recognition that if you want the market to be efficient, then price should determine who runs and who doesn’t and you can’t keep having uplift payments and sidebar out of market payments guiding the dispatch of the system, which is what PJM has going on right now. I mean, price is not the sole determinant of how the systems dispatch, then that’s not a market, so that needs to be fixed, so two separate issues I guess.
Ralph Izzo: I think you can, without question, read into it, but that’s our point of view. Again, I don’t want to speak for others, but I know what our capital plans are, is to finish these three projects and generate some healthy free cash flow for the utility.
Ralph Izzo: So, Paul, I mean that’s fair, I think that one has to realize that there is cyclicality in these markets that have different periodicity associated with them, right, the cyclicality in fuel prices, the cyclicality in boom/bust cycles associated with oversupply and under supply, the cyclicality in oversupply and undersupplies determined by power plants being built and is determined by pipelines being built. So to simply say that price formation will drive prices up $3 picking the midpoint in the range that Dan and I have talked about which we don’t attest to, but simply quote from others and then automatically concluding that, that’s going to lead to people running the numbers and assuming that, that number stays there for the plants, it could be a little bit risky right. I mean, what does it mean for the timing of pipelines that may change the basis differential of gas in Western PJM versus Eastern PJM? What does it mean for future carbon constraints that may or may not be part of a subsequent administration in Washington? I think all of us want to go – some people on this call may want to go see their children in their Halloween parades, otherwise I would list a thousand other factors that should go into people’s thought process before making those kind of investment decisions.
Ralph Izzo: I think Paul the way I will break it down is based upon how they have the DOE described the eligibility. So – and one of the main ones is having 90 days of fuel onsite. And if you think about what that means, that means our nuclear facilities certainly and it means our small interest in Keystone and Conemaugh.
Ralph Izzo: We will see where the – ultimately where the NOPR goes with it, but certainly from an eligibility standpoint, those are the units that would come to mind.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, I mean but there is a little bit of data related to some of the nuclear facilities in the Q, but it’s not on an asset-by-asset basis from a book value perspective.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Michael so it’s a little bit of a split, I think we had reference, there were a couple of things that were going on related to the total sum is frankly just doing some work more efficiently and I think there’s a the majority of that it is on energy strong you heard about talk a little bit earlier about $1 billion going through the clause and about 100 million that will await the rate case and you remember it's about a $1.2 billion program. So frankly, some of that work was done more efficiently and I think that’s a great outcome and then it’s great for customers and we’re pleased to be able to do it that way and we had a little bit of the same on transmission not a whole lot. And then the balance really is timing and the timing is not anything that’s going to move dollars out 3, 4, 5 years it just moving ‘17 out into ’18. So in the aggregate if you think it may be about half-and-half, half being just efficiencies that we brought to the process and about half being some capital that move into next year.
Ralph Izzo: That trend towards the upper end of the rate base growth through 2021 includes all of that thinking.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, it’s more the latter than the former, I think if you had gone back 3 or 4 years you would have found more bigger lumpier projects a fair bit of what we are spending now is around 29 – 69 KB upgrade of 26 KB systems and that actually moves capital from the distribution area into transmission as it goes up in voltage. And those are smaller now a lot of them are still sizable projects, but smaller than for instance a Susquehanna Roseland type of project that we talked about in the past. So there are more smaller projects, projects as opposed to fewer larger projects that we seen in the past that will us forward and in fact as we think about our 2018 revenue number that we talked about even within our prepared remarks some of what you see their it’s a is a step up from what we have seen in some prior years even if you look back to last year there’s a pretty sizable step up in the amount. Some of that is incremental capital year-over-year and both the return on that capital and the depreciation the return of that capital will contribute to some of that increase, but you may recall last year part of the number that we had from a revenue increase was inclusive of a true up and that true up was related to bonus depreciation, so a couple years back, the bonus depreciation extension took place ironically goes December 31, it was roughly close to that it was certainly after we had filed our October formula rate filing. So the impact of bonus depreciation in 2015, getting it approved moved into 2016 after we had set our rates in a true up in 2017 included the reduction in rate base for those excess deferred taxes for bonus depreciation. So on a year-over-year basis you’ll see a jump in a lot of that had to do with the fact that 2017 had a true up reducing revenues for transmission related to that late enactment of bonus depreciation back in 2015.
Ralph Izzo: Well, I think if you take a look at what the ‘19 – 2019 forwards it look like over that period, you’ve been in a $29, $30 rate and what you’re doing is you’re pulling down from a BGS price in those out years which is exclusive of the capacity components, but inclusive of the other. So it’s not an unusual trend that we start in the out year of our 3 year cycle with BGS and then we layer on flat hedges as well as some other low deals in those slack like just tend to come in at lower prices and part because the curve has come.
Ralph Izzo: Excellent. Thanks Jon. So I’ll go next, I’m sorry if we one more question otherwise I never got over our allotted hours time, but I don’t want to cut anybody off with the significant questions. So we’ll allow one more question.
Ralph Izzo: So we are just in a series of conversations with people right now, we are just making sure they understand what are nuclear plans meaning to New Jersey. And yes it is true that if New Jersey were to build a safety net, so as to guarantee or sure the continued operation those plans it would require legislation, but anything more than that would be premature to discuss right. So there is just a lot of conversations that we’re having with folks to say. If those plan were near here’s what happened.
Ralph Izzo: So just to summarize what hopefully you heard from me and Dan this morning, our power plant construction is on budget and on schedule, three power plants that we hope to have online in June of next year and the subsequent June. We have a very healthy dialogue that we are active participants in going on under way on wholesale power market design and reform taking place at FERC, at DOE and at the state level. For the utility, we are now pointing toward the upper end of rate base growth at 7% to 9% range we are now thinking we will be able to hit that upper end of the range of between now and 2021. We have a very busy, but a constructive regulatory agenda coming up at PSE&G. We have GSMP in play. We have a rate case. We will have Energy Strong 2 in the near-term and longer term some energy efficiency. And we are happy to go over all of that and then some with you at EEI next week. I know we have a full set of meetings setup and if you are not on the meeting schedule, I am sure you can corner one of us in the hallway, they wouldn’t let me say it at the beginning of the script, but I wish everybody a Happy Halloween now and have a great holiday and a safe day. Thank you. We will see you all next week.
Dan Cregg: No, I mean I think that’s right. I think there has been an awful lot of people that have put out some numbers on it. They have actually coalesced around that range pretty tightly. So, we will see as these different initiatives get done what it ends up looking like, but I think that seems to be a reasonable place to lot of the [indiscernible]. We think it’s pretty reasonable as well, Kevin.
Dan Cregg: Just a matter, a market that is working better by virtue of some of the changes that need to be made is going to get you to a better answer.
Dan Cregg: It is the latter. It’s active O&M management and we’ve kept O&M to a very manageable rate over frankly the last number of years and we look to continue to do so going forward.
Dan Cregg: Yes, 2017 was $121 million and that was down over the last couple of years, which is 146 and 182. So it’s moved around a fair bit a lot of that is the bonus depreciation not I’m going to talked about earlier.
