Ralph Izzo: Dan, I think there's been an announced schedule, I don't have specific dates, I believe there's another hearing expected in September. But what's planned is that by the end of the year, the state would like to reach some kind of conclusion as to whether or not additional capacity is needed and how it can be secured in a least cost manner. I think the big question in the state's mind is what happens to the HEDD units that are under some ground-level ozone challenges in the 2015 timeframe. And in particular, our concern about PS North zone which fairly consistently prices higher in RPM than other areas. The approach we're taking is that the sensible way to introduce new capacity into the region is by improving the efficiency of markets by making them more transparent and by reducing the risk of investors. And our advocacy has been to make some changes to the RPM process that are pretty straightforward, linking up the timeframe for RPM with the RTEP process, allowing a mechanism whereby people can get multiyear pricing as opposed to 1 year price, 3 years out, clarifying the interconnection process so that there's a little greater certainty for investors who are proposing new generation plants so they're not wondering what their interconnection cost will be. All of those things de-risk new investment and, therefore, I believe are a win for both the investor and the customer. And it's quite contrary to the approach the state took in the LCAPP process, which exacerbated the risk for investors, because you didn't know as an incumbent whether or not somebody was going to intervene in markets. And I think that, that approach is going to have a chilling effect on new investments until we come to some agreement on what the rules will be. So I think that there's a legitimate concern on the part of the state about future supply, and a genuine effort on their part to see how to incent that new supply, and an intelligent dialogue going on among all players about how do that in a way that's fair to existing investors and future investors. And that will play itself out over the next 6 month or so. But we are very active participants in that discussion. And as is always the case, look to do what's best for our customers, as well as investors.
Ralph Izzo: Well, I think you're going to have a couple of processes in parallel that I'm optimistic will converge. I mean PJM recognizing that it has next May, another base residual auction coming up. It seems to me to be quite committed to a stakeholder process resulting in whatever modifications are needed to RPM sometime late this fall, I would say more of an October timeframe. The question then will be whether or not as in any stakeholder process, the stakeholders who don't get everything they want are satisfied with that, and then clearly a principle stakeholder that processes is the one we've talked about in New Jersey. I'm encouraged by the fact that in this multi-participant dialogue, which by the way focus on important constituency, there appears to be a recognition that a lot of good stuff has come from the market. One of the things we didn't talk about in our prepared remarks is that in some pretty significant heat, we've not set all-time peaks. That's probably coming from the fact that DSM has brought to the market and on much lower cost than new generation. So you're seeing RPM, which is a nondiscriminatory method for bringing in all solutions on both the supply and the demand side, really having a quite a powerful effect from a consumer point of view. And we like that approach because quite candidly, we're in modest enough to think that we're very strong competitors and what we don't like is interventions in that, that favor people who are not strong competitors. So I do think that there are several processes going on underway at the same time, there's the PJM stakeholder process and there's the BPU process. And I would like to believe and I do believe that those processes will convert if we allow them to play out in a rational way.
Ralph Izzo: So there is a discussion underway right now with the Environmental Protection Agency. I mean, this is a classic example being of cost benefit. I'm not going to stand here and say that those peakers are the cleanest units in the fleet and that there aren't new capacity that doesn't have the potential to be cleaner. Clearly, those are 40-year-old FP4 [ph] units that are not the pride and joy of a company that talks about its environmental friendliness. On the other hand, they are a hell of a lot cheaper insurance policy than building new peakers or being replaced by combined cycle units which would have a grossly underutilized capacity factor. So the real question becomes, do you want to get a little bit more benefit out of the cost promised by those units for a couple of years in an economy that's really limping along, or do you want to be more aggressive on your environmental impact and retirement in '15, and that's a discussion we're having with all the relevant party.
Ralph Izzo: It's a little tricky, right, Paul, because we've had a warmer than normal June this year, but compared to the extremely warmer than normal June last year, when we do the year-over-year comparisons, that output is down.
Ralph Izzo: The answer to that, Paul, is no, because we don't predict the future auction. But it's pretty safe to say however, when those that succeeded, that would mean the capacity prices would have to be equal to or greater than 0.9x MOPR, because you can rest assured that everyone of those plants will be bidding the minimum price they could possibly bid, which would be a number of PJM will publish in January.
Ralph Izzo: Sir, what you have to ask yourself is what's happening to energy prices in '11 and we saw this important months ago versus what were energy prices doing in '08. And in '08 while we didn't have this kind of weather, we did have a fairly high gas price, and so '08 will be dropping off and '11 will be picking up. And then the coal will be updated and, typically, that does tick up a modest amount. So those are the factors you have to factor in.
Ralph Izzo: Gregg, that's an impossible question to answer. I don't think there is a consensus right now. Except to say that most folks realized at a 40-year asset life was the 1-year price signal, we could do better than that. So whether it's going to be 3 or 5 or 7, it's not going to be 9 or 15. But my prediction, and it's just that -- maybe I do want Kathleen to read the disclaimer statement now -- is that it will be something greater than 1 in the 3 to 5-year timeframe, is just an educated guess.
Ralph Izzo: It's pretty been much all of it, so you can think of it as about 2000 megawatts or thereabouts. So that has cleared in prior auctions.
Ralph Izzo: I wouldn't want to be precise about timing, Julien, but I think you're seeing a series of dialogues taking place. It really began with the water companies in New Jersey who had been in a position -- I'm not an expert on this, so I may use words that are a little bit more aggressive than they need to be. But it had appeared under investment in their infrastructure and a recognition by the Board of public utilities that this was partly a result of the regulatory lag that they were experiencing, and the desire to engage in the conversation around clause type of recovery mechanisms for their business. Then fast-forward to this year, where we've had the benefit of 2 years of significant declines in gas prices, I think PSE&G has reduced the gas supply rates by over 30% in that period of time, and yet has an aging infrastructure. So the rational thinking point of both the BPU staff and us in the direction of, Okay, if we have an aging infrastructure and we have an opportunity here with the availability of construction labor and greatly reduced gas prices to reinvest in that system to preserve its reliability going forward, now is a good time to be thinking of that. So I believe all that gas utilities collectively are going in, in the not-too-distant future, with a similar proposal to what the water utilities have done. So we don't see ourselves as unique in terms of regular treatment with respect to that group. What makes us a little different is just the size of our system compared to the others. And I think that's part and parcel of that EMP dialogue that's going on right now. So I do want to say it's a September or December event, but it's an active discussion and one that's more out of the confluence of lower gas prices availability of construction labor and an aging infrastructure that could use some help. And the Energy Master Plan, itself, is expected to be finalized by the end of this year.
Ralph Izzo: Thank you, Kathleen. So thanks, again, everyone for being on the call. Look, I'm not going to pretend that I don't wish I could report on fuel commodity price rise, but I can't report on that. But I can tell you that we're beginning to see the expected effects of long overdue EPA regulations driven by the Clean Air Act, and the benefits what this means to us, given our advanced positioning with respect to environmental impact.  We also take pride in the long-term implications of our Salem and Hope Creek life extensions, the focus and discipline we implied to our investment portfolio, which is reflected most recently in the successful sale of our Texas assets, and the recasting of our capital program. Now you can see an even greater emphasis on regulated investments and they range from energy efficiency to electric and gas distribution to transmission. And all of these at fair risk-adjusted returns, and all of them yielding important customer benefits.  So all of this progress continues forward with a healthy balance sheet ensuring continued financial flexibility. So thank you for being with us, and I wish you all very happy remainder of the summer.
Caroline Dorsa: Keep in mind one of the things that you always have to look at in the year-over-year is the weather impact, right? And so we have a significant weather impact in the business on a year-over-year basis in the second quarter. June was very warm last year and, in fact, if you look at our generation output, it was much higher than normal last year. So when you compare last year with this year with normal weather versus very, very hot weather, you have that reduction that you would expect to see.
Caroline Dorsa: Right. So you remember that the utility post the rate case started some significant management, as it always has, but with renewed bigger on O&M management. But 2 things keep in mind, so this year versus last year, we recently announced some changes to our pension program and that has a significant benefit to the utility. You expect to see that continue and we just announced that in this quarter. But also keep in mind last year, when we settled the rate case, one of the things that we did was we took a write-off for some costs for our new customer system in the second quarter specifically that had an impact, negative impact to O&M in the second quarter of 2010. So when you compare that quarter-over-quarter, we look more favorable now because we took a hit in the second quarter, and it was $0.02. So you will continue to see the utility's O&M management. You will continue to see good compares O&M on a year-over-year basis, but you won't see replicated the kind of quarter-over-quarter because of that one-time effect that resulted from the rate case settlement.
Caroline Dorsa: On the generation side? Yes. So it's $0.01 for weather on the generation side of the business. And keep in mind, Paul, as we talk about weather in each of our businesses, we have 2 different things going on, right? So in the weather for the utility we're often very focused on the gas business, because the gas business supports the heating season and that's a big contributor from a weather perspective to PSE&G. And so that's the gas discussion that I commented on earlier in my remarks of a $0.02 impact from the weather. For PSEG Power, we're typically talking about the electric side and the air-conditioning season, right? So even in this quarter, I'm effectively talking about both, right? I'm having an impact for the air-conditioning season in June, not being as robust as last year's June. And then for PSE&G, I'm talking about the heating season at the beginning of the second quarter. So if you look at the kind of the overall for the businesses, if you look at our waterfall on Page 11, you can see that for PSEG Power for the quarter, it's a $0.02 negative in total for volume and weather. And then if you look at PSE&G for volume and weather, you have a positive $0.01. And whether this aggregation from volume can be a little bit tricky. So if you think about that together, you've got a little bit of positive for the gas business in PSE&G.
Caroline Dorsa: Oh, so well for Power, weather this year was closer to normal, particularly in the second quarter, closer to normal. And as I mentioned relative to PSE&G, it was cooler than last year but still a little warmer than normal for the heating season. So it's normal on the things on the electric side relative to air-conditioning, if you will, for this quarter. And still a little warmer than normal, so that's sort of a negative on the heating season side for PSE&G.
Caroline Dorsa: Not a big impact versus normal. Remember when we do quarter-over-quarter, the compare to last year's second quarter was an extraordinarily warm quarter and, therefore, a lot of weather based air-conditioning utilization.
Caroline Dorsa: Just to add, we're having the financial flexibility on the balance sheet gives us the opportunity to consider all of this, of course, without issuing equity. And when you look at the increases in the capital expenditures for PSE&G, as Ralph mentioned, the $670 million from what we last discussed, keep in mind that although transmission is the significant portion -- the single biggest portion of the 3 items there, as we talked about a lot of our transmission capital expenditures, as we talk about programs like Susquehanna-Roseland and the Northeast grid, outside the 2013 period, if you looked at our total CapEx by those particular projects, we've still got slightly in excess of $900 million in completion of those projects, particularly Susquehanna-Roseland and the Northeast grid, that are outside the forecast we've given you through 2013. So there's a lot of money that we expect to be putting to work in the utility, and our balance sheet supports our ability to do that, not just what we forecast through '13, but that additional amount that goes from completing these important reliability projects that we've been talking about for quite a while.
Caroline Dorsa: Sure, so for Susquehanna-Roseland, we're basically still on the same timing that we've talked about before. And that is the eastern portion done by the mid '14 and the western portion, meaning the part with the transferred capacity from Susquehanna-Roseland, done by mid '15. And based on discussions that have been underway at various forums, including with the federal government, we're still keeping with that timeline.
Caroline Dorsa: No. We talked about the fact that we had just gotten notified last quarter when we were on the call relative to reconsideration. But we're still working on the expected timeline of a decision by the Parks Department relative to the route by October 2012, which we still think is a fair way to think about how that program will roll out.
Caroline Dorsa: It could. I mean, always, slippage could affect the dates. But at this point, we don't have any information that suggests to us that we need to change the expected dates at this point.
Caroline Dorsa: No, that's a good question, Jonathan. So the way we think of it is we look at the opportunities and one of the things that we always talked about is the disciplined investment strategy maturing that we can put our capital to work and good risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. So when we look at the 3 businesses, we look at the opportunity to see any and each of those businesses. So for Power, we've not adjusted the forecast because the significant CapEx for EPA related or environmental is basically completed, as you know. The things that are still in for Power's capital spending are things like the peakers that we've bid and cleared in previous capacity auctions, and things like the nuclear operated Peach Bottom which we still forecast, which you know has a good return for us. When we look at PSE&G, we increased this capital spending because of the opportunities we saw to put money to work at a good risk-adjusted return, whether it's formula rate for transmission or incremental spending that was authorized by the BPU that enhances customer reliability. When we look at holdings, it's not a matter of saying that because we had the opportunity to increase PSE&G that we had to decrease Holdings, because as we just talked about on the last question, our balance sheet gives us the strength to really pursue those areas across our businesses that have good returns. What we're saying at this point is in the Holdings business, some of the returns that we see some of these solar projects clearing at are not the kinds of returns that we think makes sense from a shareholder perspective on a risk-adjusted basis. So it's not about we have to reduce one to increase the other because we have the balance sheet to pursue these 3 businesses robustly, it's really about where are the opportunities and where might the opportunities appear to be at this point less robust. I just want to add one thought to your comment about the utility financing. Keep in mind, of course, that when we talk about these utility capital expenditures, you should always assume in your model that the financing of them is consistent with the utility's capital structure; i.e., an equity ratio of 51:2, which means that you've got half of them being -- half of the spending financed by debt and the other half is financed by the company overall. So what that effectively means is the utilities get to keep its earnings and cash flow to reinvest in its business because Power is generating cash flow in excess of its needs and that cash flow supports our ability to support the shareholder dividend and to make other investments in the business. So each business keeps an appropriate capital structure, it's opportunistic across all 3 based on opportunities, not a bad place to be when you have a balance sheet that allows you to say you can increase one without having to take down the other, but just pursue opportunities across your businesses wherever you find them.
Caroline Dorsa: No, so we finance the debt in the market to keep that capital structure, right? And then the utility generates cash flow, keeps its cash flow, and we put money in or take money out just depending on how to spend rolls out over time to enable us to keep that capital structure. So I think the way I would suggest you think about it is, Power has the excess cash flow that supports the shareholder dividend and putting money into the other business as need be, and the utility rose its debt consistent with its capital structure and keeps its cash flow, and then we balance whether there's net money moving up or down from the utility based on the progression of the capital expenditures and based on the cash flow.
Caroline Dorsa: On this period that we're talking about here, utility is net cash consumer to some extent. But remember one of the other things that's positive for both of our businesses over this period is bonus depreciation. So don't forget as you think about the forecast that we've given before and we've given that stacked bar chart for cash flow, both of our businesses, both Power and Utility, significantly benefit from bonus depreciation and you may recall that we talked about its impact over this period actually out through 2013, to be a net impact in both businesses, net of $800 million about $900 million this year and next offset by about $100 million going the other way, if you will, with tax depreciation unwinds versus normal. And that benefit was a little more than half to the utility and a little less than half the Power. So versus what you would normally think of when you put capital to work, the cash flow benefits from tax depreciation make that a higher number than your models might otherwise normally assume.
Caroline Dorsa: So the first part of your question, in terms of dry powder, the answer is yes. Those kinds of debt to cap ratios that I mentioned in my prepared remarks that's 42% for the company and about 35% for Power, right? In terms of debt to cap, give us FFO ratios for Power, for example, that are well in excess of what we need on the floor for our solid BBB rating. So we have dry powder that we can put incremental financing in Power, but it's not to do things that we're holding back, or not telling you about, it's when we see good opportunities that provide good returns, I think the real bottom line to that is, we have the balance sheet that if we see those we can go get them. And we can go get opportunities if we see them in Power and Holdings without putting anything at risk on the ability to execute the PSE&G plan.
Caroline Dorsa: And keep in mind we're replacing that with our peakers 270 megawatts that is being replaced by the peakers that we've previously bid and cleared, that goes against that 2100.
Caroline Dorsa: Andy, so relative to Texas, you're right, we did just complete the Odessa transaction and so that completes the sale of both of our assets both Odessa and Guadalupe in the first and the third quarter, and we're pleased with the those results, as I'm sure you know. We are always looking for asset opportunities, focus more, if you will, on our core markets, so PJM, New York, New England. I mean, I said we just talked about in the last 2 questions ago, we certainly have the balance sheet to do that. What we look at are obviously, those assets where we can see the opportunity for a positive NPV when we look at the long-term cash flows. So what that means is either assets where we see that opportunity just by doing the modeling, using 4 curve assumptions, or assets where we see opportunities that we can, perhaps, bring some of the operational excellence focus and we have the Power to either run those units better or put them in the market through our hedging capabilities better, so we see our way clear to that money can be put to work at a positive NPV. So we left Texas because it wasn't core market but also because as we were looking at other assets in that market, we saw clearing prices that seemed to be much higher than we would ever want to spend to buy. And after you see that, enough times you ask yourself whether it might makes sense to sell given the value that might be there. So we're pleased with that result. But that should not be interpreted as we're not always looking for opportunities where were could assets in our core markets. We absolutely are. They just have to meet our financial hurdles.
Caroline Dorsa: Right. So in terms of Power debt paydown, really the only major Power notes that's up for maturity is not until next year. So the pay down that we made of the $600 million in April, we don't have anything close to that until next year. The next maturity is June of next year for significant dollars of the $600 million.
Caroline Dorsa: Well, I mean, if you look at the capital structure and the cash needs, you would expect that Power would be doing refinancing over the planning horizon, that would just be consistent with the way we fund the business. Remember that our ability to pay down this debt in April was, in part, the reflection of the fact that we had Texas proceeds so we're not expecting to have something like that in upcoming periods. We always try to keep appropriate capital structure not be too under levered.
