Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. So thanks, Jonathan. So we booked a liability in this quarter based on errors that we identified. And they're in certain bid adders such as emissions, historically, and we've fixed all of the errors that we've identified in the bid adder arena that resulted in any over-collection. So right now, we're assessing all other aspects of our model, any other identified and quantified errors will be fixed. We can't comment any further, really, at this point other than to remind you that we have self-reported, and what we booked as a liability is reflected, still, in those numbers that I gave you that result in gross margin per megawatt hour increasing quarter-over-quarter to $50 per megawatt hour.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes. It relates to errors we've identified historically. That's exactly right. But since we're in the self-report and the appropriate regulatory process, we can't give more details at this time. And when the process is complete, we'll give the full information but we can't do that quite yet.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes. So we're in this self-report process, discussions with PJM and the Market Monitor and the self-report we just made to FERC. We want to see that regulatory process, of course, through to completion and can't really predict what that timeframe would be, but when we get to that end of that timeframe, we'll disclose it as appropriate, the final results.
Caroline D. Dorsa: And you may recall, Kit, as we talked about in March, right, we forecast double-digit earnings growth, but also double-digit rate-base growth even without Energy Strong as we talked about. So this enhances that to reinforce the strength of the rate-base growth as double-digit and the earnings. But as Ralph said, not a material item at all for 2014.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. Just a few other points then looking at some of the numbers that you saw on our slide deck and comparing them perhaps to what you saw when we were at the March 7 meeting. So we did continue to layer on hedges, consistent with that layering and strategy that Ralph mentioned within the corridors. Keep in mind that the numbers that you have now in today's slide deck reflect an increase in the expected terawatt-hour generation from our fleet based on the economics in the market. That's a good thing, obviously, for us. So what its impact would be is, as we continue to layer on hedges, you wouldn't see the ranges move up quite as much of the hedge percentage because the denominator is moving up. That's great from our perspective. Also, if you look at the hedge percentage for the remainder of this year, it looks a little lower than the hedge percentage we gave you for the full year earlier this year. That's normally what you see because when the first quarter rolls off, you've got a greater representation from the summer period. And the summer period is where we have the mid-merit in peaking, which we would never be hedging fully because of the weather. So you normally see that percentage looking like it's going down, and then it kind of goes back up after you get through the summer. So we continue to layer on our hedges. It kind of looks the same as the progression last year, if you rolled the tape back. The only other thing going on there is that increase generation expectations, which is just great from our perspective. That changes a little bit how to think about the numbers, but it's all because of that denominator effect that we're very pleased with.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Oh, sure. So we moved them forward because we had a Linden outage that was ongoing. So we took the opportunity to extend it a little bit so that we could add the AGP, the uprate, so now we have 63 extra megawatts at Linden, which will be available for us for the summer. That increment was about $0.02 for the quarter, but that would have happened later on as we continued to do Linden. So we're still forecasting to have the O&M be lower at power and on a full year basis than prior year. That's what we told you earlier this year. And that hasn't changed. Again, some of this is timing, but a good timing to get the AGP done sooner. Remember, both businesses continue to benefit from pension expense, and that's baked into the numbers. So a little bit of timing difference. Good thing for us from the generation side, still going to see that O&M reduction in our current forecast, actually in both businesses on the year-over-year basis.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. So thanks, Paul. So I don't their situation, so certainly I can't comment on that. Obviously, we saw, as we provided the data in the waterfall, right, part of what you have to keep in mind for us is not just the data on the incremental generation, which we said was 3% higher, but you've got to take into account the impact of the hedges, right, the hedges that we have including the full requirement of BGS, right? So when BGS has stronger demand because of the winter weather, and it was a strong winter this winter, that BGS is a fixed price, and so that reduces some opportunities for us in taking advantage of the market because we have that cost to serve. So we were about 75% hedged, about 25% open to the market for the quarter. Not too dissimilar to where we've been before, but obviously the BGS prices relative to the market prices are lower now because of where the market moved in the first quarter.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes, we're not disclosing the specifics of the liability in the quarter because, as I mentioned, we're in the regulatory process. We did the self-report. We're in discussions with PJM, the market monitor, and self-report to FERC. We'd rather let that regulatory process go on and complete. So as I mentioned to you, we did book something this quarter, but it's all rolled into that gross margin per megawatt hour, that increase. And we'll give more details when we finish the process.
Caroline D. Dorsa: No. I won't go into that right now. Same thing, we want to handle the regulatory process as appropriate, but it is historical in nature. It's things we identified looking at historical things, for example, as I mentioned, such bid adders like emissions. Those things have been fixed, and those are the kinds of errors we've been reporting.
Caroline D. Dorsa: That's not something we can comment on. As I said, we'll go through the regulatory process, complete all of that, and then we'll give additional information.
Caroline D. Dorsa: We self-reported, that's correct. We discovered it, and we self-reported it to all the agencies, correct.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Okay. Sure. So not really forecasting 2015 specifically, but if you look at the O&M for the quarter -- and you see a nice breakout, I think, on Page 9 of our deck. We put the O&M in 2 pieces for you, which I think is kind of helpful. So the lower pension expense for PSE&G is valued at about $0.02 a share on a favorable basis, right, and then there's distribution O&M, about $0.02 a share unfavorable. So the way to think about that is, we told you that the pension expense for the whole company, right, would be $0.15 a share favorable. A little bit more than half is at PSE&G. So you'll see more like $0.08 for the year and then $0.02 for the quarter. The $0.02 on distribution O&M that was unfavorable year-over-year is primarily driven by some incremental -- some of the storms that occurred in the winter. Can't really forecast that, right? We always forecast normal weather. Sometimes we have storms in the winter. Sometimes we have storms in the summer. So together that leads to a flat O&M on an operating earnings basis, the way we typically report it. Keep in mind, if you're looking at the GAAP statement though, you wouldn't see the impact I'm showing on the waterfall because the O&M in the GAAP statement includes -- is the O&M for clauses. We always take that out from a management perspective, but if you're looking at GAAP, you're going to see O&M that relates to the contemporaneous return clauses we have, for example, like solar and a number of other things. We've always excluded that because that's recovered within the ROEs that we get when we get those clauses. That's why we focus on the operating earnings waterfall that we show you on 9, because that's really what to think about in terms of what flows down to the bottom line without recovery. So that's the Utility piece. You should expect to see pension continue to benefit quarter-over-quarter. And then the rest of the O&M really depends on the rest of our ongoing and control and whether there are any storms in the summer season, but you can't be sure about that. So in terms of power, now if I go over to the other side. Power, we also break out pensions. It's about a $0.01 for the quarter. Remember, I said, power will be a little less than half. So power gets on a rounded basis about $0.01 of benefit for the quarter. And then it has about $0.05 on a quarter-over-quarter impact for this quarter. And I mentioned the Linden outage, which was planned, but then extended. And the extension was an impact of about an extra $0.02 this quarter for the AGP. That's a good thing because that gives us more generation. So on a year-over-year comparison, most of what you're seeing in the O&M negative is the impact of outages and outage extension. For power, going forward, there's no Hope Creek outage in '14. So that will be a favorable impact relative to prior year. Because remember, when we have outages at Hope Creek, we get 100% versus outages at Salem, where we only get a portion. And also there was BEC outage, remember I talked about last quarter, for the end of the year. There won't be a BEC outage in the later part of this year. Roll that all together, where does it all take us? We have some storms in the Utility we had to spend and couldn't anticipate. We had the extended outage for the AGP in power. That is just a little negative. You've got the positive pension rolling through just the way you should expect to see it for the quarter. And when you pull all that together and you look at the rest of the year on an operating earnings basis, setting aside Utility clauses that get recovery, that's why we're still comfortable forecasting a decrease in the aggregate for each of our businesses year-over-year.
Ralph Izzo: Yes. Jonathan, so let me talk about that. I want to dispel one rumor and confirm one rumor. The one rumor I want to dispel is that we moved the call up an hour and I couldn't get here on time, so we started 5 minutes late. That's not accurate. But we did have some tremendous progress last night in our discussions with all the interveners, in particular the board staff. And this morning, we were just trying to dot our Is and cross our Ts and have signatures on the settlement agreement, and then of course, to comply with FD, we needed to make sure that, that information was released. The earnings release went out ahead of the dotting of Is and crossing of Ts. And we now have done that. So I am pleased to tell you that we have a settlement agreement with the staff. We expect many of the other interveners to join, but we don't have their signature yet, and I'm okay with that. The staff is -- we'd always want to make sure we have an agreement with. It's a $1.22 billion program, about $820 million of that is electric and $400 million of that is gas. The allowed ROE is $975 million. $1 billion of that will be recovered through accelerated-recovery mechanisms. $200 million of that will be done in the 2017 time frame when we will then file a rate case in November of '17, with a 3-month historic, 9-month look ahead profile. So that will be 7 years plus from our last base-rate case. We would expect the BPU to approve this. They have not as yet, the schedule for approving it will be announced shortly. That will be a partial function of how many other parties sign on, although, as I said, I do expect most of the participants to sign on. So I know that they're not on the phone right now, but I just have to thank the hundred-plus municipalities and counties who supported us, the unions who supported us, the hospitals who supported us, the other parties who engaged in the dialogue of about 15 months and our regulatory team. They just did a great job, and we're just pleased to get this thing going right now. I would view this as an important start to hardening the system. There's nothing in the settlement that says we can do the full $3.9 billion. I don't mean to suggest that. But there's nothing that says we can't. So I just view this as an important start, and we will be measured by our success and effectiveness in hardening the system, as we should be. But I'm glad that we can get underway.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, it's unfortunately not quite so simple, Jonathan. Some of the stuff will get done in 2 years. Some will take 3 and some will take 5. The 5 year has to do with the substations that were underwater in Irene and in Sandy. And all of those, even those that go out to 5 years, will be under the accelerated recovery mechanism. So there's $200 million of the program that is going to be done just leading up to the rate case. And what we agreed is, we would just make that part of the prudency review since there's really not a lot of time lag between the prudency review and the capital program. None of this stuff gets recovered until it goes into service. So we thought that, that would be okay. That there would be no lag on that $200 million.
Ralph Izzo: Very good. Because if I had to repeat it, I might not say it the same way twice. It's 3 months of actuals and 9 months forward, that's been our practice.
Ralph Izzo: Kit, we've pretty much given you a fairly consistent rule of thumb that at our cap structure with these kind of returns is about $0.01 for every $100 million of investment that needs to be refined frequently.
Ralph Izzo: So -- I mean, you should not expect a big impact in '14. I don't have in front of me the exact capital program calendar, but yes, most of it will be felt in '15, '16, '17 and '18.
Ralph Izzo: So we do view it as a key change, right? Because the import issue is more of a Western PJM issue than it is for us. So whether it's the limited DR resources or trying to address some of the arbitrage opportunities available between the base residual auction and the incremental auctions, we think all these are positives for creating more of a level playing field in the market. Now I've been running around trying to find the settlement documents. So I'm just looking around at my colleagues to make sure FERC hasn't acted on this yet, right, it's suppose to happen soon, but we don't have a decision yet.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Kit, we would never do that. We just -- it's obviously a competitive auction process and to forecast or predictions would not be a good idea. And we've never done that in the past. I will tell you though that we'll know by May 23, if it's going on the 12th, and from the 12th to the 16th, and then PJM takes a week to assess them. So 3 weeks and 2 days from today, we'll all have the answer. I don't want to lead you to think that we don't analyze this. We just don't publicize what we think of that.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, so Dan, the most important part we view of the settlement was the electric substations. And all of that is covered from the point of view of what was affected by Irene and Sandy. But there were a bunch of other areas that we thought would be beneficial. For example, we had the undergrounding of, I think, 30 miles of circuits -- of overhead circuits, and that was knocked out. We had some improvement to SCADA systems, our data analysis, data acquisition and analysis system that would help us restore those customers who were interrupted more promptly. That was knocked out. On the gas side, we had, I think, 500 miles of cast-iron that was affected or is in now FEMA -- more at-risk areas. And that 500 was cut back to 250. We then had some movement of backyard services to the front of the home. Once again, our backyard service getting knocked out is just that much more difficult to restore. That was knocked out. We had some improvements in construction standards for some of our distribution systems. That was knocked out. So the heart -- I just listed a whole bunch of stuff that was knocked out. I don't want to give the wrong impression. The heart of the program was the substations, and that was fully funded. But we will go back, I mean, I think people are going to see that this has a benefit. We wouldn't have proposed it if we didn't think so. And as we do the work and as we see the system perform, we'll go back and talk to the staff and talk to the other parties. I really do take their reaction to this, not as a no on the other stuff, but as a not yet, and just show me that it's money well spent. And I think that, that's perfectly legitimate and fair on their part, and we will step up to that.
Ralph Izzo: We'll release further details. I don't -- off the top of my head right now, and I just want to make sure the team has a chance to get the schedules all put together and then we can release that. But as Caroline said, in our March conference, we didn't bake in to our growth projections for the Utility Energy Strong. So that's 1.2 over the next 2 to 5 years. It's really more like 4, will be incremental to that, and we'll give you the specifics.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, so Dan, we talk about that often. And there's arguments on both sides of the equation. By and large though, we don't think we're hampered from doing things on either side of the company by virtue of having the other company as part of the family. We kind of like the stable earnings growth of the Utility, providing a really strong foundation for the dividend and its future growth. We like the fact that power is generating a healthy amount of cash that could feed the equity needs of the Utility. There are very obvious operational dissynergies to separating. You never say never because we're always asking the question, but we obviously like the model right now. And I just keep reminding myself that every once in a while somebody says, "Gee, you have such a great Utility, if only that were standalone and separate from that struggling power company." 5 years ago, we used to have the same conversation, only the roles we're totally reverse. So it's not -- we don't put our head in the sand and not ask that question. We do talk about it regularly from the point of view of strategic clarity and being able to give a very specific message to our shareholders. But right now, the cash from power and the equity needs of the Utility are a really nice financial complement, and the operational benefits of moving people from one organization to the other with complementary skill sets has been a big plus for us as well.
Ralph Izzo: Travis, the ability to forecast the DR is not an inconsequential part of getting the price right, so we really wouldn't want to put that number out. And the historic DR, I would rather have you -- I don't mean to make you do extra work, but check the PJM website for that rather than me quoting it. The numbers, I recall, are high-single-digit percentages, like 8% or so, but it's better to check the PJM website. But the [indiscernible] numbers and the transfer capability and the known assets and the known demand numbers are all out there for PJM. So really, a large part of the auction turns on what you expect for DR. I will say this, that most DR does happen in the higher industrial zones. And in the part of PJM that we operate, we don't have a large industrial load, so there's typically a lower DR component where we are.
Ralph Izzo: I'll start that right now and fill in. To be sure, some of the banks and financial players leaving the market, we have seen a little bit -- well, we've seen less liquidity in the out years. I don't want to qualify it as less. Also, given some of the infrastructure challenges of moving low-cost gas out of the Marcellus to other regions, combined with some fairly extreme weather conditions, have really introduced a tremendous amount of volatility in the market. So we benefited greatly with our naturally long position. We have what I would just call corridors. They're upper and lower limits in terms of how much we want to hedge. And we play within those corridors in terms of, if we think the market is oversold or maybe there's some potential for upside. So we'll lean one way or another. That's why we give you ranges of our hedge position. And suffice to say that, we've been pleased by the way in which we've managed our book given the increase in power prices of late. And we've seen a little modest increase coming from the CSAPR rule. How sustainable that will be, we don't outguess the market, but we do capitalize on those opportunities when they come up. Caroline please go ahead and answer it. I'm sure your...
Ralph Izzo: So Paul, depending upon the extent to which the settlement is universal, if all the parties agree, then it's conceivable that the board would act on it in the May time frame. If all the parties are not on board, and there's reason to believe that we have a good shot at getting all the parties, but I don't know that for a fact, then it's more likely that the board will schedule an opportunity for comment on the settlement, and you're looking at more of a June decision.
Ralph Izzo: No, no. Not really, Paul. I mean, if you think about the reliance on power's cash generation, BGS has nicely protected us in the down markets. Yes, it does create an opportunity cost on the up markets, but it provides a nice stable platform. If you remember, the strength of a BGS is that it is full requirements, and it's -- we are uniquely capable of serving full requirements because of the breadth of our technology. The breadth, meaning baseload, load falling and peaking, which allows us to incorporate a load factor premium and a risk mitigation premium. So no, I don't think you'll see us moving away. That's why we have the 10 to 11 terawatt hours of BGS still factored into future years.
Ralph Izzo: No, no. We, like others, have been curious about whether or not DR actually is physically delivered or whether there's an arbitrage between the base residual auction and the incremental auction. And PJM has basically adjusted some modifications to the way in which that incremental auction can take place and the physical delivery of demand response that we think will benefit the market. That's all. We have no insights other than the full public dialogue on the subject.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, thank you, Kathleen. So just a summary, looking back at the quarter and looking ahead. From my perspective, power just continues to handle anything that comes its way. Power managed the polar vortex almost flawlessly. While that's going on, we ran 100% nuclear capacity factor, and we managed to get our Advance Gas Path technology accelerated into the quarter at Linden to make sure it's ready for the summer. And then looking ahead, please make note of the increase in our expectations for power's output in the subsequent years. Utility, once again on track for double-digit earnings growth. Capital program is on budget. You heard us mention a couple of transmission projects that are ahead of schedule. And of course, the good news that we've reached resettlement on the $1.22 billion Energy Strong Program. And last but not least, the weather-normalized demand for gas continues to grow, and we're now beginning to see growth in electric demand, and that's refreshing. So thank you for joining us. I hope to see all of you at some point in the near future on the road as we make our visits. Thanks, everyone.
