Ralph Izzo: Yeah, so Julian thanks for the question. We are generally excited by the Murphy administrations stated energy policies. As I think you know, we've been strong at the case of energy efficiency. We've done in kind of small bites; I think total over the past10 years or may be little bit north of $400 million worth of energy efficiency programs. And the clean energy bill anticipates 1.50% or 2% reduction depending on whether it electrical gas. I think it's 2% on electric and three quarters of a percent on gas. And the BPU is going to come up with rules, but surprise to say we've been thinking about this for a good long time, as the legislation also talks about recovering that utilities have the right to file annually to recover their cost including return on and off their capital and loss revenues as well. So this is great news and we will jump into this feet first and deliver universal access to energy efficiency for all the New Jerseyan's. On the offshore wind piece, we don't have a track record on the offshore wind, but we do have at least offshore and we do have a partner that's part of a JB that we have in place. So I would say that whether it's a participant in the transmission aspect or in the offshore wind aspects the form itself - that's probably not quite as mature in our own thinking as the energy efficiency, but overall this notion of a sustainable energy future is one we've been talking about for a decade or more and we are excited by the prospects that are created.
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, I said that's right, an order magnitude difference. We analytically released our planned number for filing, but we have said that we anticipate putting a filing before the middle of the year and we still are on track to do that. I'd rather not give a specific number because there's a pre-filing meeting we need to go through before the Board of Public Utilities and they deserve to hear that kind of before we start blurting it out in the quarterly Earnings call. But it is an order of magnitude difference in terms of the opportunity.
Ralph Izzo: So, it's a combination of multiple factors Praful, there is the rate case which includes various tax give backs that have to do with also change in federal tax policy and differed tax balances. There's GSMP II which takes up $300 million per year prior GSMP per room up to about 375 million per year program. It is still the number one investment area that we will be focused on, which is transmission and all of our expectations there. And then there is some expectation for continuation of energy strong and energy efficiency, but not at numbers that we have completely disclosed yet, but when you add all that together, at least just think that we're bias towards the higher end of the 7% to 9% range, but then you may want to turn the real stone.
Ralph Izzo: So, first of all you got to realize that the ZEC price is not tied to market price, right. The ZEC price is an attribute payment for the carbon and field diversity dimensions of nuclear power. There is a consumer protection put in the bill that goes to simply the affordability of ZEC's, when viewed in a context of overall energy prices that customers have to pay. As well as a provision in the bill that anticipates a review by the BPU as to whether or not the plans are in any kind of economic de-rest. So, that's what the three year review is for right. Can New Jersey continue to afford to pay for zero emissions energy and that's a question the BPU will have to answer on behalf of the customers. We will always be mindful, both on behalf of customers, but on behalf of our shareholders as to whether or not the plans are making their cost of capital on a risk adjusted basis and if they are not then we will close the plan. It's not [indiscernible] that's just to share responsibility. And we will always work extra hard to make sure New Jersey is aware of those situations and what that means in terms of the wars of attributes. So I just think it's a - as you know in nuclear space nothing happens in less than a year anyway and in RPM and PGM world things tend to happen in three year increment. So, just checking in every three years as to affordability, economic viability seems like very natural rhythm to put in to public costs.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, so we should definitely get the pre-file done before the Analyst Day, Jonathan and then we will tell you everything that we plan to file that point correct.
Ralph Izzo: It will be because the pre-file meeting is - there's a 30 day clock that starts from then and as you know the Analyst Day is on the 31and we haven't had the pre-file meeting yet although we like to have it.
Ralph Izzo: Yeah and we'll tell you lot more. We are just too excited not to tell you a lot more so. This is a favor.
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, I didn't do the numbers Jonathan. But if you look at that slide, you'll see that Pennsylvania is down a little bit and Connecticut's up quite a bit and Pennsylvania is a lot more expensive coal.
Ralph Izzo: Sure Greg, sure. On capacity market reform we've been public that we prefer the two phase approach, which is the PJM preferred approach even though they submitted the market monitors [indiscernible] based approach as well. I think we have every reason to believe that will go on to effect by May of '19, obviously that won't have any effect on the current RPM. So, I think that's the timing there. I would view fast-start as yet another piece of the price formation puzzle. I know that many people including ourselves talked about the inflexible unit dimension of price formation. But fast-start does have now a proposed zero threshold element to it, which is characteristic of inflexible units right. They can't move over the time frames that PJM is seeking. We've never been one to quote whether or not the forward price curve has these numbers in it nor have we been one to quote what these changes will mean to the forward price curve. We just say the market is the best determinant to that and our all internal views will influence whether we hedge a little bit to the high side or to the low side of our own internal disciplined approach. I think Andy, himself has said that these should be able the energy prices fixes should be able to be put in place by a little bit more than a year from now, but sometime in the summer of '19, so that is a delay. I think that once upon a time there was a talk of fall of '18 for some of these reforms, but I think the combination effect has introduced that [indiscernible]. I think the good news if I might is that the PGM board appears to be willing to undertake what's called the Liaison process [ph] as opposed to the full-fledged stake holder process, which can put a little bit more of a limitation on the amount of time. I should by the way point out that in terms of RPM, we prefer the status score, but the middle of that PGM is made we think the two phase approach is better than one phase approach. I don't think PGM has given up on the full inflexible unit pricing, they see that as part of their resiliency discussion which continues comments due back from I think the rest of us, [indiscernible] has already made their comment, ours is due back I think in the middle of June or the middle May, I suppose. So, it's still working process not over by any shreds or something's that's bit of a date certain - are either capacity market reforms and energy market forms we think are still creep into the market.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, so Travis, you are absolutely reading it correctly. The bill simply says that New Jersey wants 40% of its power supply by nuclear energy and it does not limit geographically. In terms of there being - more than 40% of New Jersey's electricity being deliverable by nuclear power plants whether its Salem, Hope Creek, Peach Bottom or a variety of others. Then there's a ranking system that the BPU is encouraged to undertake that is really driven off of the greatest impact on New Jersey from an air quality point of view and various other parameters that are detailed in the legislation. But the short answer to your question is yes. Out of state plans would be eligible, but New Jersey would not support or coincide to legislation more than 40% of its energy being supplied by nuclear power.
Ralph Izzo: No, I don't want to pre-determine what the BPU will do. Peach Bottom will compete with Salem and Hope Creek and [indiscernible] but it doesn't.
Ralph Izzo: There are multiple, right. So the utility has done grid connected solar, utility done roof top solar and the utility has done energy efficiency, it has done pilot programs in battery storage technology, so various - no shortage of opportunities that are expanded in the clean energy world. Two others, there's a transmission components offshore wind, there's offshore wind itself, so I think you just have to remember what the Governor says, he sees nuclear power as an important bridge to renewal future and the renewable future he has in that bill which he has not signed yet, is the 50% renewable target in 2035. And we expect to be participants in every aspect of that sustainable energy agenda.
Ralph Izzo: That's correct. Well, I mean yes. Look the reality is in New Jersey just given our geographic and natural resource profile, you are not going to be able to do merchant seller or merchant off shore wind, those will have to be supported through some type of regulatory revenue stream that's either in the form of renewable energy credit and - or some other mechanism. And again on the offshore wind piece I just want to empathize that while we have at least - we've never done that before, so we would be interested in the transmission component probably as much if not more than the actual wind farms and we are - as I said a moment ago, we are all in on energy efficiency piece.
Ralph Izzo: Paul, so he has - so the New Jersey Governor has 45 days to act on legislation and that action could be either an outright veto which would require two thirds majority of the legislation to over write, something called the conditional veto which is like this except for and then he sends it back to legislature to change the piece that you like except for or to sign in for law. In addition, if he doesn't act for 45 days, it automatically goes it for a while. So those are the options.
Ralph Izzo: You know we never comment on our bidding in plans prior to the auction but I - let's say this that we would view things differently if we do the legislation versus simply not get around to signing it yet. So those are two things.
Ralph Izzo: You know he is - like ever wants to pretend to be constraining your government. He is a very important person and he is a talented person one that we admire. So I am not going to try to tell me what to do on an earnings call. But having said that I mean he has been outspoken and supportive of nuclear is a bridge to renewable energy in the future and he is also been outspoken and support of the important of those jobs so South Jersey. So I feel pretty good about those public statements on this part.
Ralph Izzo: Well, I think RPM is a good example, demand forecast is down. I think that's the consecutive year over some large single digit number, well that's been the case. We've obviously made the decision in our own service territory that power has a much bigger market in which you plan and therefore to the extent that our own efforts cannibalize power, we've been willing and continue to be willing and continue to be willing to do that. I do think that the primary supply demand economics in the wholesale market are going to be determined as much by the shrinkage of supply as it is going to be determined by any changes in demand.
Ralph Izzo: So I'd rather give more detail on the band at the upcoming investor conference Paul, right now because I think we'll have more information coming out of our pre-filing meeting with the board staff and hopefully definite resolution of the nuclear build by that point in time.
Ralph Izzo: 16, it was much small. You know I have to get on it Paul, I don't know the answer. Our nuclear has been jammed with broader issues than 16 out of the 1100. It wasn't occur - I mean this was a change I believe and our problem was to take risk assessment that allowed us to run the plant at different numbers. But I'm tempted to say it's coming out.
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, Angie, thanks for the question. We're still at work, it is exclusively an organic effort. We did look at the potential for acquisitions but given that the purely defensive nature of this effort and our desire for it to basically help us improve our margins based on our own assets. You know there's been no book that kind of sit back to high enough degree of accuracy that the transaction costs what those swamped the benefits of, because whatever book we bought, we have to sell off a piece of it and that would be suboptimal. So we're continue to pursue an organic growth strategy there.
Ralph Izzo: You know we always, there are logic announcements. I don't know if any that are available in that state that are bigger entity. So we always look at those right, but we've been very public that we are quite an advert with our organic growth strategy and without any disrespect to our colleagues in the industry sometimes are puzzled by the premiums that others are willing to pay and we've not putting a little pencil of those in the way that works. But we always look at those possibilities.
Ralph Izzo: Hi Steve. I think probably I'll let Dan dive into that. Yeah, but that's just a year end 2016 number, because 2017 number which is $17 billion.
Ralph Izzo: I just said it the status quo has new plants being mopped as opposed to existing plants being mopped and it doesn't interfere with the state's ability to price attributes that the market isn't currently pricing. So we just don't see a need for this kind of a modification at the current time.
Ralph Izzo: No, no, no. I mean they will have different effects, I think that the two phase approach at least continues to allow states to recognize the value of renewables and carbon free energy sources. The market monitors approaches this for tracked administrative battle over what constitutes the appropriate minimal of offer price which as you know can be moved quite a bit depending upon whether you believe something has a 30-year life or 40 depreciable life if you cross the capital's X or 1.1X or 0.9X. So to characterize that is a correction to ensure the market is working properly. I think is inaccurate, I think it's a correction to assure administrative power refers to people who want to have administrative power and that's not necessarily consistent with markets. I mean what we are all dancing around here is we need a price on carbon and then let the market pick the technology. And then I think you see every participant in the market sign up for that, or it's for me the carbon heavy participants I guess.
Ralph Izzo: Yeah, you've got a collapse an interim marginal revenues because there's no carbon price in energy markets. And that collapse in from marginal revenues, high fixed costs participants are getting crushed and that's, and yet people are saying they want the attributes of these high fixed cost participants are. You know you have the decoder ring right, the high fixed cost participant, there's a nuclear plant and yet people are paying record prices of anywhere from $5 to $200 per ton of carbon. And so the markets just got these inherent inconsistency is built into it. so if we did get a single price on carbon in energy markets then the in for marginal revenues will increase and the fixed cost recovery would be mitigated and then capacity markets can do what they were supposed to do, being for a liability mechanisms and nothing more.
Ralph Izzo: You're welcome. And I think we have time for one more question and then we'll I think let folks out the day back.
Ralph Izzo: It's always a magic no matter where you are, whether it's a teleconference or public speaking, if we say one more questions there are no questions but that's great. So anyway, so thank you folks for joining us today and I hope you heard from Dan and I that there's a lot of good things happening at PSEG and they range from a continuation of a $143 to $15 billion investment program 90% of which is going to the utility and leads to be biased towards the upper end of that 7% to 9% rate base growth looking out to 2022 twenty offered the higher base in at the end of 2017. Again we've got to give kudos to the great work done by our utility crews and our power plant operations during what were some very, very difficult circumstances certainly in January. And Kudos to our regular team and all of our support functions for the strives that made on some of the policy fronts with the settlement of GSMP II and legislation that recognizes the value powers, nuclear generation, I mean getting 60 out of 80 votes in the assembly and 30 out of 40 votes there on basis, I think validates what we've been saying along that New Jersey will recognize the important of these plants to our environment, to our cost of energy, to our economic wellbeing and that they are much cheaper to keep than they are until it's shutdown. And then of course our ongoing commitment to maintain our financial strength which gives us flexibility to support the growth and dividend, fund these rate based growth investment and no need to issue equity and still some balance sheet capacity leftover. So hopefully we'll see all of you on May 31. I know that's the weekend after that's Memorial Day, so coming Chubby's or whatever other beach where you have, we will have a great conversation about the rate base growth in detail where we are with our PM and I think there is a brand of clothing. And we'll see you soon. Thanks a lot everyone. Take care.
Daniel Cregg: And to your point Julian, related to the rate case, we did file a de-couplings mechanism as part of the rate case and that really fits hand in glove with, what's going on from an energy subsidy standpoint.
Daniel Cregg: Gary, we said we are on the higher end of that and we anticipate being there and Praful I guess if we think about the rate case, the rate base element of that, it is a couple of things. One, it's the rolling some remaining portion of some prior clauses, but it's also rolling in the give back on some of the taxes effect. So with the way we characterized that earlier in the year was that we always talked about our growth rate and as we continue the capital program that we have, the existing rate base goes up. So, you're jumping off at a higher base and last year we were at about 7% to 9% growth rate, this year right about 7% and 9% growth. But, that higher base was really offset by some of the tax flow back that we would anticipate. So, that is what - basically the rate case and that flow back would hold you about steady and then with the existing GSMP settlement plus energy strong. Two, which we've talked a little bit about and possibly an energy filing we would anticipate moving higher up within that range.
Daniel Cregg: That will ultimately be determined in the rate case. So I think that the bulk of the excess deferred are going to be through the average rate assumption method, which will be a longer term period but some of that, in addition to some of the excess deferred it's going to be worked through the rate case related to some other item. So we will know more about that toward the end of the year.
Daniel Cregg: I don't think I would too much weight into that Jonathan. I think it's especially if I think about it from an overall component of the generation. I think what we saw was really a little bit more reliance on coal because of the weather, and I think on an ongoing basis, I don't anticipate it to be much of an impact as we go through the rest of the year.
Daniel Cregg: I think it had a lot to do with what you are seeing on the delta quarter versus quarter from sample on the oil. That number under normal situation would be much, much lower and what you saw was prices moving up and gas getting a little bit tighter and gas prices going to extreme levels for the quarter. So, I think what you saw was much more an anomaly with respect to oil burn for the quarter and that's all -
Daniel Cregg: We were economic when we were running on oil. So, if we weren't economic we wouldn't have been running. But, if you took a look at where gas prices were, I mean gas prices during that part of the year, very early part of the year we were dressing up looking like a very healthy age old power prices as opposed gas prices, well up into the double digits.
Daniel Cregg: Yeah, I think that's right. I think some anticipated spark for earlier January wasn't quite were we would have wanted it to be because gas prices basically push you into oil which had lower margin. But it was a fairly short term phenomenon in January and anomaly. But it really does drive all the oil burn that you see there for the quarter.
Daniel Cregg: I think some elements of the legislation Travis, talks specifically about utilities investing and having recovery, I don't know, like the energy efficiency. Off shore wind, very different situation, not specifically laid out as to how that will work out. In fact, the legislation really calls for a study for that to be determined - things like that to be determined.
Daniel Cregg: You know Paul, we've been working hard to try to remind investors that the utility growth story is really independent of demand growth. Demand growth are the absence of it has significant implications for how regulations needs to be restart to avoid the compounding of inevitable when regulatory lag on investment returns. But PSE&G's growth over the past ten years and its continued future growth really is about an aging infrastructure and these replacement and a higher degree of customer service and customer demand for clean energy future. And I am absolutely convinced that we can continue to invest in a resilient grade cleaner energy and more efficient use of energy which would - that third piece would help lower customer bills and put smiles on our shareholders. So I think that energy efficiency is an important part of controlling the bill from the point of view of the extra cost associated renewable energy and making the group more resilient.
Daniel Cregg: And Michael, I think you'd want to think about it really in two steps right, we've talked about the ability to fund the capital plans such as we have without the need for any addition equity. And then as you mentioned consistent with we talked about it in the past, if we take a look at our existing credit statistics and you take a look at where some of the threshold points are, you got somewhere in the order of $1 billion of excess at PSEG Power which then can be utilized at the utility within the existing regulatory capital structure. So that can be matched with debt and so you'd come up with that double if you think about from a utility overall investment incremental standpoint without having any impact on the existing ratings.
Daniel Cregg: I think that the leverage could happen at power or at the parent company. I think we've had some parent company debt and we tend to talk a look at what makes them more sense from economics standpoint when looking to source that debt. So I think that it could be at either location but I think you are in the same ballpark when I talk about the numbers that I just referenced.
Daniel Cregg: It would include as we look forward, some opportunity related to future filings right. So I would say that if we had nothing beyond the GSMP filing will be more middle of the road within that range and with the opportunity for future filings, we could see the opportunity to go higher than the middle of the range.
