Dan Cregg: Yes. I think that's the right theme, Shar. We obviously going to consider all options and we do on a regular basis when we try to look at how we finance the business. But I think it probably is a better fit for somebody who has an equity need coming up, but obviously we would look at it the same way that we would look at anything else to make sure we're financing efficiently.
Dan Cregg: Yes. I don't know that you can perfectly time the market. I do know that acreage that we do have is off the coast of Maryland. Maryland just upsized, they are targeted offshore wind; New Jersey has done the same. Those are, I think, probably the two markets that those acres would serve the best. And so I think you'd look at it from an operating perspective and from a market perspective I should say as to when you were going to execute on that sale. And when they come in, I think it’s just going to be part of general corporate funds. Probably the most, the quickest and most efficient way to use those funds would be a pay down of some debt and then just redeploying capital as we've seen needed. It's not like we're going to, I guess embedded within Ralph's comments we're not selling parts of the business in addition to not issuing equity for what we need to do. And so it's not like that's going to be required from a timing perspective to do what we need to do to fund the capital plan. I think that's all, all sound and I think it's just going to go back and be part of the overall financing plan.
Dan Cregg: Yes. And look we shouldn't overplay the magnitude of what that's going to look like. It's going to be great, but it's not going to be life-changing for the company as we go forward. It is a transaction that will be around the edges and we'll do it when it makes the most sense to make it the most efficient.
Dan Cregg: Yes. I think, Durgesh, you didn't really hear anything because there really isn't nothing new to report which is not to imply nothing's going on. Diligence does continue, it's something that we're continuing to explore just with the same purpose to dampen the volatility that we would've within the pension. And I think things are continuing productively, but there's nothing new to report. But don't take the absence as if it's off the table, it remains something we're pursuing.
Dan Cregg: Yes. Julien, I would – what you're describing is not some kind of dramatic shift in what we're doing. We've always worked within a range across a ratable period. There are bounds within that range. It's not a perfectly scientific range, so you could see some movement within a fairly bounded range for what we do. The quarter started with some higher prices, ended with an uptick and in the middle had a drop off. And so I think that we did a nice job of capturing some decent pricing. The other thing I would say though that you don't want to lose sight of is that, not everything is robotically across the year as well. So you could have some on peak, some off peak hedges come on. You could have some winter hedges, some seasonal hedges, some calendar hedges come on and that can make a little bit of a difference as you go through quarter-to-quarter. It's a little bit of a granular look. So to your question, I do think that we did a nice job in moving forward and capturing some value, but I think some of the other things that I described also could come into play in any quarter, frankly. I say that more generically as we go quarter-to-quarter and you look at it granularly through time. 
Dan Cregg: And on the affordability side of things, Andrew, too, I think that there will be infrastructure improvements that will need to be made that last mile of our system is pretty dated and there is a lot of work that'll need to be done, but I think, part of what you're going to see is a shift where a piece of the wallet that used to end up at the gas station is going to end up on the electric bill. So, that helps things as well.
Dan Cregg: Yes. Ryan there is really no change in schedule, I think, it's a – we think about it as being a 2023 event, but we'll continue to watch what's going on. We'll continue to watch what the market looks for is a large deal announced today on that front. So, we'll make sure that as we do move forward first and foremost continuation of benefits and certainty around all that and all that diligence that we're going to do and that everything works well it’s going to be super important, but we'll also keep an eye on what the overall market conditions are to move forward on that.
Dan Cregg: Yes, what we referred to in the script was that the NRC has several PWR plants that are looking at changing their fuel cycle from 18 to 24 months. So we're monitoring that. What we had discussed in the past and what we're continuing to look at is the additional upgrades, which are different than the fuel cycle down at Salem. So, more to come on that we have not disclosed anything further than what we talked about at the investor meeting. 
Dan Cregg: Yes, less than – between 0% and 1% is kind of the range that we've assumed for customer growth over time. And again, that's number of customers, that's the important element for us. Right.
Dan Cregg: Yes, it's a great question. And that $0.10 was not entirely the carryback that was the biggest chunk of it. And so that did come in early. What we're seeing in 2023 really that offset some of that without going through a whole bunch of puts and takes with respect to the guidance, which is still in the same place it was last quarter, is some of the lower collateral deriving lower interest, which is a little bit of a tailwind. So a headwind from the former, a tailwind from the latter. And we're still in the same place from an overall guidance perspective. 
Dan Cregg: Yes, just the mechanics of how it works Angie, I'm sure you know, is there's a calculation of grocery receipts and then a comparison to what the PTC threshold is and the credit kind of fills that gap. And so how that definition is determined, and you went to exactly some of the areas that I would reference and how do you treat hedges, is it a spot price, is it some kind of an assumption around what hedges have happened, is it actual hedges that it's just? It's unclear exactly how they will define the gross receipts in order to figure out how you move from that amount to the PTC threshold. And so, that's what we're waiting on. I think that at the end of the day, we'll get a reasonable answer. And I think that there's a significant support for what's there. And I think we just got to work, treasury has got to work their way through, what's going to make the sense across units that are in various situations across the country.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. Durgesh, it shook out exactly the way we expected it to. So we're, that's why we're so certain about reaffirming guidance. I think what you also heard in a bunch of the answers that Dan just gave you was flexibility that we have. We're not – none of the things that you're talking about are opportunities we have require us to thread a needle to execute the plan that we have in front of us. And that confidence I hope comes across in both the way that we're answering and with the optionalities that we have.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. And I'll give it to Dan to give you because he's got that trading operation. But I just do want to reinforce that a lot. There's still some uncertainty out there in the out years until we get the rules back from treasury. So what we are describing there though is what we expect to happen. And Dan you could fill some more details in there.
Ralph LaRossa: You got that last part is the most important point that that we said that we are kind of continuing on our path, similar methodologies to what we've done in the past. Pending the real update that is when we'll get that from treasury and understand it. My only comment is you can't take too much of a fine point because there are some nuances with the timing of hedges whether they're on off peak and seasonal versus counter hedges and things of that nature. But on balance definitely a good quarter from a value perspective as we step through time.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So Julien, I think you're going to – all of that's going to play out over the next 12 to 18 months on multiple fronts. First we have to get agreement on our load forecast as you said. I continue to believe that the current load forecast that we see from PJM is light. Like isn't that a big impact to us again because we are decoupled, which we've seen the benefit of this year. But I think that it will drive additional investments for us both potentially at the transmission level and at the distribution level depending upon what – where those forecasts levelize off that. There is a gap between our internal forecast and what PJM has. We provide that information, but PJM is the ultimate transmission authority from a planning standpoint, so we build our system out to that. I think there are though as we get alignment on rates of EV turnover in the state of New Jersey as we get alignment on the electrification plans of the Governor. And then as we get more alignment on this clean energy transition as a whole and specifically as in regards to the offshore wind transmission, I think we'll be able to give you a little more guidance on that over that next 12 to 18 months.
Ralph LaRossa: Sure, Travis. I think you've said the key though, which is it's still early in the process right now, but we still don't have any red flags as far as what we've seen in the conversations that we've had with the regulators. So we're confident at the end of the day that we'll get a similar run rate to what we have currently with our GSMP II filing. And I think – I think you've heard and seen in all the comments made from the administration, specifically the governor's office that there's no intent to stop any gas installations. There's no intent at this point to stop stoves from being tied into gas. So it's a little bit different environment that we have and I think that the lack of attention that it has had is also a very good indicator for all of us is to where policy will be heading in the state.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. No, I mean there's no plan on that. And I look at; we got to be careful on all of this because that process is confidential, right? So we – I think you can see from the newspaper articles and so on that there's really no challenge to us on the replacement of our facilities.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. We usually talk about those things in the 12-month plus timeline for filing like that. And I think we're only a couple months into it yet, so they just – they just named a presiding officer at the BPU for that – for this filing. And so I think we're 12 months plus away for early decision.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So Andrew, a couple things there. Let me start backwards with the customer bills, I think there's been a few reports out that I just would encourage. If I take a look at New Jersey from 2021 to 2022 was I think the fourth lowest state in the U.S. as far as residential electric rate increases. So the process here is working, it's not just what we do in the T&D business, but it's also the way they procure power. And we've talked about that a bunch of times. So kudos to the BPU on that and the process that's been in place, and so we – because of that rolling nature, I – any kind of increase that we would have is going to be minimal to start with. That said labor is a large component of our O&M and the largest component of our own O&M expenses within the utility. So it will be a piece that goes into our rate case filing that we have. But the 4% increase that we were able to negotiate, three in the out years is just – it's just a good indication of the relationship that we have. The strong relationship that we have with our unions – all of our unions in the state, and the fact that in prior years when we had a 3% labor increase and inflation was in at 1% to 2%, the unions recognize that and the unions recognize now when inflation is higher than the 3% to 4%. They had some benefit in prior years. So I think the outcome is pretty flat and it's flat from a growth standpoint for our folks because the good working relationships that we have and the way it plays out. At the end of the day, I don't think this will have a major impact on the rates again because of a number of different factors. So that's exactly what we expected and should give you some confidence and others on a call as to our own end projections in the out years because it is the biggest component of our expenses.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So a whole bunch in there. First of all as far as timing goes, we are starting to see some new business requests come in. We see it in some of the Garden State Parkway, rest stops we're seeing it in the New Jersey Turnpike rest stops. We're seeing in some of the large commercial organizations that were just granted approval by the BPU that will installed the charging infrastructure. So those – that activity has started, and we're going to keep an eye on that and see about what it – what kind of capital is required for each one of those installations on a standalone basis that'll help us in projections going forward, but it's just a start. As far as load increases, and individual residences, we'll know more about that as we deploy AMI. We have our AMI cross rollout going very well in New Jersey, and we'll have a lot more details that we can talk about, I would say 12 months from now as far as when we start to see folks connected their EVs that we had an engineer that – that had worked here, just retired after about 60 years. And he said that he sees this transition as the transition when we went to Central Air Conditioners back in the 1950s. So it'll happen – it'll happen sporadically and then it'll take-off just like – like that, that deployment took place. So we are – we will have more to say about it as we go forward, but I'm just really excited about the fact that we're starting to see it take place already and these first set of plans getting out from the BPU last week.
Ralph LaRossa: And that's only for the commodity because again, as you mentioned from the SIP, we're not going to collect anymore for the pipes or the wires other than for what we deploy additional capital on. 
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, sure, Paul. So it wasn't a selection, it was a recommendation by the BPU to PJM to look at our Deans Sub Switching Station as the entry point. So what that could – what it means for us certainly is that if PJM does agree with the Board of Public Utilities and does select that, any of the work inside the fence will be the responsibility of PSE&G the complete inside the fence. The work outside the fence will still follow under that state agreement approach and be a competitive solicitation. However, what I am encouraged by is the fact that Deans is in our service territory. We know our service territory. And we should be very knowledgeable about the routes to get from the shore to that Dean's substation. And I wouldn't go beyond that at this point, but I'm happy to see that that Deans was selected. I also would tell you that I'm very happy about the work that we've done on our transmission system because the indication that that gives us is that our transmission system is robust enough to take that injection of offshore wind generation into it. So, we've done a nice – our engineering team has done a really nice job of readying the system for what might come and here it is. 
Ralph LaRossa: No. Well, I wouldn't know. We won't know until we actually see the size and magnitude of what comes in there versus down to the area JCP&L just is rebuilding and maybe even down in the Atlantic City Electric territory. So, a lot of flows to be figured out by PJM between now and then. 
Ralph LaRossa: Well, from a capital expenditure standpoint, I think, we told you it’s going to be around $30 million or so. It's about that same amount. So it's a very small number. What the impact will be is we'll be some savings in O&M that we'll have as a result of that. And we're also obviously going to get additional megawatts. We have not – I don't think we've published that anywhere yet. So I’d just stay away from disclosing any of that information until we get the engineering completed, which is what that $30 million. There is really not a lot of work to do to actually ready a nuclear plant for this. What really has to be done is the engineering on the fuel rods and how they are going to interact with each other. And as that's completed, then we're going to tell what additional power we're going to get out of the unit. 
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, we gave a little bit of indication in March on that Anthony, that the parent will see some debt levels come down as the existing collateral cycle kind of works off down to a more baseline amount of collateral. But then over time, we do expect, as we continue to fund the capital plan that we have we do anticipate some incremental financing over time. And when Shar asked the question, is it something that we think of first and foremost as we're going to finance? No, we don't have equity needs as we go through the capital plan, but is it something that we would look at just to make sure we're not missing anything? I think that answers yes. 
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. No, Michael. I think, look, the fact that that work was awarded to JCP&L just indicated that they had some work to do to make that system more robust, to catch the power coming in, to use an analogy there. What you are hearing now is that the work that we have been doing at Deans has ready our system al already. So, we're in a little better place from a readiness standpoint at Deans. And I think that you are now seeing the BPU executing on what they had originally said from the beginning, which was, hey, we want to come into the southern part of the state, the central part of the state, and the northern part of the state. And our Deans substation switching station, allows them to execute on that plan. 
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. It's all end of the decade, Michael. We have been saying from the beginning, they will go through the solicitation process. Again they are still waiting for treasury as well to figure out the tax rules, once they get there, we will determine what's going to be transmission, what's going to be generator leads, and we'll be off to the races at that point. But that still puts us at the end of the decade before anyone is deploying capital on us. 
Ralph LaRossa: So like, I think, we said in March there is about 95% of our overall revenues covered by the SIP, and there is some component that is not. And so we do have some variability, albeit much more on the smaller end. I think the variance you are talking about was a $0.01. So, it was not a significant amount, but there is some element that falls outside of it, some of the larger customers that's all.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, Angie, I was trying to be as clear as possible at that investor meeting. We want to and expect to keep those assets in a portfolio. I don't see any scenario that we've been presented with that would make us waiver from that. And so, I just want to be as clear as I can, crisp as I can beyond that. You laid out exactly upfront, all the reasons why we articulated and I stand by that today as to why we're keeping those plants. They are a great cash flow, they've been run really, really well and they continue to be run really well. And so when you have that operating excellence combined with the cash flow, it does create a very unique utility like revenue stream for us that we think differentiates us from some of our peers. And hopefully across the board today you are seeing that differentiation.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, I'll not give it to Dan to give you some more details on this. But look at the very high level it's the definition of revenues and how that's going to be treated by treasury. But Dan can give you a lot more.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, Angie I think, those mechanics are still ahead of us to be worked out. But I do think – look I think that all along, one of the things that we were saying that was so, so important is that we had a long term solution for nuclear. And I think that we were very happy to see that the PTCs did create that and honestly did create that at the federal level. And so if you think about most of the other elements that support renewable energy are the types of things through ITCs and PTCs that ultimately are funded at the federal level. And so that's another element that I think is very important within this. And that's what we will end up moving towards once this PTC amount starts to start to kick in.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, well, thanks. So, listen, I appreciate everyone getting on, I appreciate the robust questions. I just leave you again with what we've been saying, ad nauseam at this point, but predictability and stability and confidence, and I think, that all three of those things have come across again today in both our results and hopefully in our Q&A.  We're proud of the organization we've got here. We're proud of the results that we've been able to achieve. And we're just trying to build on 120 years of great history that we've been able to inherit. And as we've said multiple, multiple times, we want to leave it better than we found it. So, thank you for calling in and I appreciate the time.
