Ralph LaRossa: Yes, that's great. Thanks for that, Julien. And again, welcome back. Look, I would say a couple things to you. I'm going to answer your first question with purely my, choose New Jersey economic development hat on, and that is that it really has a couple of benefits of a co-located data center. And it's not necessarily just that it's co-located, it's the fact that it's a hyperscale data center. It's going to provide a clear signal to AI companies that are looking to locate here in New Jersey and in the region, that the infrastructure is here up and running and ready to go for their businesses to thrive. So, there'll be a lot of, I would say, trickle down opportunities that get created specific to the site. You obviously have your construction activities, but not the least of which would be driven by wire work that the IBWs here in New Jersey would benefit from. So, there's a lot of local opportunities that take place from the construction activities, they are one time. But as you've heard from others, they do grow over that one time. It's not all done in one month, it's over several years. They ramp up these data centers, and then there's a lot of other opportunities that happen for edge computing, or AI infrastructure around the hyperscale data center, like a co-located one would be. Specifically, to our utility at PSE&G, we are seeing quite a bit of activity that's taking place. We think about things and every utility is a little bit different as to what a commitment is. Some folks would count a commitment as only when they have a deposit for construction. Some would say a commitment is when you begin engineering work. Some would say just getting a lead in with some other financing that you need to do to get the utility to respond might be a commitment. Well, the way we think about it is those that are actually have moved on beyond the engineering phase, and we're seeing several hundred megawatts of data centers that are moving into that scenario here in New Jersey. And I would give you a little more breadth on that one, which is they all come in different sizes and shapes. Not only what the needs are at the location, from a power standpoint, it being different sizes, but actually the infrastructure that is required to support them are different based upon where they may be going, whether it's a green field, a brown field, or an existing building that has enough capacity already run to it. So, everyone's a little bit different. Everyone's a little different size, but it's taken place and it's significant for us.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, no, thank you, Julien. Again, look, that's not shifting us in any way, shape or form. We're committed to supporting the governor in his efforts on economic development. So, we are going to continue in that effort. I will say this to you, I'm a little bit concerned about co-located load as it impacts other industries. If you really think about co-located load, that doesn't just apply to data centers, that's for combining power plants, it's for cogeneration units. So, depending upon where this goes, I'm much -- while I'm concerned about data centers, I'm just as concerned about everything from rooftop solar behind a meter to co-generation that might be taking place.
Ralph LaRossa: I think every deal is going to be very specific. And look, I think the way our nuclear facilities are configured, they'll be different than a nuclear facility down the street. So, each one of those will be looked at differently, whether it's by PJM in its current rules that exist for co-located load or FERC, when they come out with some sort of a process, if they do under the current challenge that's there. So, no, I'm not really -- I don't think anything would hold us up. I think, again, I would just to reinforce, we're here to support the governor of New Jersey. The governor of New Jersey is focused on building out AI, he just passed and signed -- he didn't pass, he just signed some tax incentives, up to $500 million to attract AI businesses here to New Jersey. That just happened last week. If there's no more indication, and he's all in, that would be it for me. And we want to be a company that's supporting the policies of the state.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, I don't -- I don't think we've really published anything sure specifically. I think everything is on track. I will say that, there's nothing that has raised a red flag for us in the process as we move forward, whether it be the fuel cycle changes at Hope Creek or the uprates that we mentioned in the prepared remarks at Salem, and certainly nothing on the long-term license extension. So, all three things are moving forward. And really, I have not seen a bump in the road from any internal analysis or anything that we've received externally.
Ralph LaRossa: I don't think anyone who has co-located load has to have a discussion with the transmission provider until they move forward with an interconnection agreement. So, I don't. We have not at that. We have not stated that we're at that stage, and we haven't filed anything.
Ralph LaRossa: Well, Michael, it's not a contract that we're privy to, so I really, I don't think we feel that we have enough details to weigh in on what is there. There's a process at PJM that we trust will be managed correctly by PJM. If FERC sees a challenge with that process, I'm sure that they'll step in. We believe in following the rules, and so the rules that exist have some very specific steps in it. And if we were to go down that path, we would follow those rules. As far as weighing in on policy changes, again, I can't tell you how much we're trying to focus on supporting the governor's economic development plans.
Ralph LaRossa: It is from my perspective; I have not heard anything different. I know there were some challenges with the blades up there, but there was nothing that we've seen that would indicate there's anything slowing down the process here in New Jersey. In fact, I think the governor, I keep talking about his economic development initiatives, and certainly offshore wind remains at the top of that priority list.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, I look again, and Dan, if he wants to add anything, is he's a little bit closer to this in his, in his role with the development team. There's nothing that's that specific at this point for us. I think, look, there's so many different factors that'll be involved here. It'll be the ramp up that'll matter. It's going to be whether or not -- I've even heard some of these data centers are considering being a demand response resource. And that would certainly change the dynamics of any conversation. There's just so much uncertainty now, Nick, as to where you would settle with anybody on any of these cases. I don't want to talk about sizing. It would be really premature.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, I think we'll roll forward our capital plan at the end of the year, beginning next year, as we have in the past. So, any updates on that front will come there. Jeremy, I tell you, I think, look, I'll walk you through a couple of scenarios that we're seeing in the utility space itself. One is you'll have, if anybody's familiar with Northern New Jersey, there used to be a big Nabisco plant up in the northern part of New Jersey that doesn't exist anymore. Greenfield is there and it's near a 69 KV sub transmission line that we just built out, which is very close to a substation. I wouldn't expect a lot of capital required if someone was to locate something there. But if you are talking about a data center that's going to go into an old industrial site in one of the cities that has used up most of its capacity, and they've chosen that location because the construction of the building is such that they won't really need to put up much capital to support all the servers that are there and the floor load and everything else that exists. And I think that one might need a little more capital that's going to be involved and it'll be a little more complicated and we'll see where things play out. So, every one of them are different. Right now, I would say that it's a mixed bag as to what we're seeing and where things are falling out. But it's positive for us in the fact that we continue to see the growth that's taking place here, and we're attracting the businesses. A number of AI folks have been working with the state and we're excited about it. We're never going to be maybe as big as some of the other states are going to be, just by the geographic size that we are. But I think it's going to make a difference for us here.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, I think Dan just hit on a key point, Jeremy, the next PJM solicitation, I think it's referred to as Window One, is a good signal as to what's going to be required on the transmission side. Again, every last mile sub transmission, last mile investment will be different, but Dan's absolutely right. Watch that load profile change of PJM to see what's coming down the pike.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, again, we're seeing steady, slow but steady growth on the EV front. And proud to say we're not turning down any EV interconnections. We have the capacity, but we're upgrading that last mile. So that's really playing out exactly the way we expected it to. New Jersey is, again, a little bit unique in the condensed nature of our housing and our commutes. So EVs have not had the same challenges and pressure that maybe the rest of the country has seen as far as the expansion that was expected. So, we're kind of moving along at about the pace that we thought we would, and it's having the impact on the last mile as we had planned.
Ralph LaRossa: No, I really appreciate you asking that. Look, I take it as a big compliment to the team here that we're this far in, and that was the first rate case question we got. So, the team is executing as we expect they would execute in those conversations. And the Board of Public Utilities, as I have been saying multiple times, continues to really run a very efficient and thoughtful process. So, I don't see there's no red flags there either. But I would point out that that recent COVID settlement that we just had was exactly the way we had thought it would play out. The fact that we expected the conversations not to become public has played out exactly that way. And so, I just very grateful for the way this has all been portrayed.
Ralph LaRossa: No, David, we really haven't gone there. I appreciate the question, but we just try to be thoughtful about everything and make sure that the folks that we talk to are people that are aligned with the policies we have here in the state.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, David. So, I referred to several hundred megawatts that are at what I would consider to be the very firm stage that we would have. And again, every utility looks at that a little bit differently. The other two stages are even more robust than the very firm stage. The leads and the initial engineering analysis that would be done here somewhat double or triple in each one of those stages. From what we're seeing in the firm construction side, that makes sense projects to look at, but we -- any roll forward that we have from a capex standpoint, we will do at the end of the year, as I mentioned earlier. So, we're just we're happy to see it taking place.
Ralph LaRossa: No, I don't think, I don't see any real risk from an investment standpoint here. I think most of those interconnections are done at the distribution level. There's not an election that's going to impact the state of New Jersey until next November. So, I think the only question, and we've talked about this before, is -- will you have 100% EVs by 2035 or will we get a 50 on that test? And a 50 on that test is still going to be quite a bit of market penetration for the electric vehicle industry here. So, I'm not concerned about an election change. Maybe it'll impact some of the tax incentives and some of the other things that we have. But again, the uniqueness of our condensed and compressed service territory, I think will keep electric vehicles at the forefront.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, I think that, Ryan, that we're in the middle of trying to settle at, we refer to it as EE2, I think will be that response that you're kind of inferring there that people are going to be looking at from a policy standpoint to offset some of the other data center and other load growth. So, the VPU has those filings from all the utilities here in the state, and they're taking a look at it. I think their timeline was the end of the year to reach, I think it was October timeframe to reach settlement. So, I think they're on track for that and looking for some consistency across all the utilities. So, again, completely aligned with the policy there. And I don't expect a big jump in the next couple weeks, ask for a new filing or anything like that. I would just keep an eye on the filing that is in front of them today.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, no, I mean, look, a feasibility study is where -- where we haven't gotten an official request to go out and buy the copper, the transformers, and start digging a hole to install a wire. So, our engineers are out looking to see whether or not those megawatts that are being requested can be supported. And it is, again, I think if you talk to every utility, we would refer to that differently with a different acronym, and it might be at different spots in the process. I would say our feasibility studies are the middle of the road for us. When it becomes real in that last couple hundred megawatts, that's what we consider to be a new business request, an official request that comes in, and then we have leads that are coming in all the time. But both the feasibility side and the leads are about triple right now, the actual new business requests that we've started to work on.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, I mean, the only time it would become a regulatory issue is if there was a concern that somebody turned down, whether it was a solar panel that was trying to get installed on one side or a data center because they didn't have the infrastructure to support it in a timely fashion. It might be a regulatory issue raised in that scenario.
Ralph LaRossa: You talk about a hyperscale data center we're handling through Dan's team in the commercial development side.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, I think the data center that's co-located, that doesn't exist right yet needs to be built. And so that's going to take some time, and that time is going to basically at some point, cross over what you're looking at from a BRA. But I think where we are right now, we're either not there or we'd be adjusted at the very [indiscernible]. So, I don't think that that's quite hit a crossover point yet. So, I don't think that's really critical to where we are.
Ralph LaRossa: Andrew, it's a great question, but one that we haven't really discussed. And obviously we were being talking to folks and would give a handle as to what other people are thinking about. So, I don't want to go down that path, but I would just say to you, qualitatively, I mean, big picture. Yes. I would simply say to you this. Any data center that comes in, each one of them have a unique configuration and design. Some of the data centers would be comfortable with multiple stories. Some are not comfortable with multiple stories. Some have certain cooling needs, others have different cooling needs. So, each one of them, it'd be really hard pressed to say one acre of land equals this many megawatts, and we're seeing multiple designs, whenever we would have a conversation with anybody, and they think about it. So, I kind of sidestepping that specific question, but really think that's better left for the negotiating team and any conversations they're having with developers.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So again, I'll put on a couple different hats here, one of which is actually even a customer hat. I would say to you this, first of all, the ZEC program ends next March. So, start from -- next May, I'm sorry. So, start from that scenario so that we would certainly, there won't be any conversations or that would take place that would -- we would benefit from a data center before then. Second, I think any company would be very hard pressed asking for a subsidy on top of a revenue stream that was similar to what was we think was just negotiated at Talend. And I'll leave my comment there. That's my customer hat being on. I would be hard pressed to think that you would pancake that on top of something else, whether it be the state subsidy or a federal subsidy. Federal PTC, we don't know what the definition is yet for gross revenues. And when that comes out, we'll certainly take a look at it. Again, I would be hard pressed to believe that they're going to allow a PTC payment on top of X dollar payment per megawatt hour that we're seeing in the marketplace. So, there's a lot of TBDs in what I just laid out for you, but there's also a little bit of just reality. And I would not be thinking that we'd be asking New Jersey ratepayers to be subsidized in tech companies. In fact, I would probably step in front of that conversation myself personally.
Ralph LaRossa: I don't -- well, again, look, I never want to say never, but I wouldn't. I can't see any other scenario.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, Anthony. No, it's a great question, and it's one that we've been thinking about since 2008, right. We always go back and take a look when commodity prices were much higher and make sure that any projections that we have do not put us in that position. I've said it multiple times, and I'll say it again. Because of the good economic development work that we've done in this region, not just in this state, but in this region, the income has continued to do pretty well. And if you look at the share of wallet or pocketbook that anyone would have to put up to pay their utility bills, it's been pretty consistent over the last 20 years. So, I would expect that to remain the same. There's a lot of that information that's in our IR materials that we've gone over a bunch of times with you. So, I don't see anything that's on the horizon. Even in some of the conversations that are taking place that would lead me to believe that we're crowding out the required utility investment that's going to have to take place if we're going to have all this electrification.
Ralph LaRossa: Hey Bill, look, I got to leave that to the experts at NERC and FERC and every place else to look at PJM and their processes. I am one of the folks who has continued to say we need to keep our eye on the ball very, very closely. That won't change. I was very happy to see PJM react to our push specifically for our projections and to listen to the input that we provided them last year. I think they've started the process to look at load growth again. I think it's another four- or five-month process that they've just begun, and they'll come out with that towards the end of this year, beginning of next year. I trust that everything you've heard from other utilities that are within the PJM footprint and the load projections I said will be reflected in those, in those forecasts. And as a result, we'll either have a need for generation that'll be signaled through the capacity markets or we'll have some transmission that'll be required, and you'll see that come in there through the RTEP process. So, I'd like to see something longer from a capacity standpoint than three years or a year or whatever you might want to take a look at. It's tough, when we were looking at those types of things, it's tough to make a decision on building a power plant. We're not in that business anymore. We're simply here on the, with the assets we have, the clean assets that we have today and we're going to continue on that path.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, look, I think they may be closer to conversations they're having with PJM and they may have more frustrations about how PJM is listening to them. We were pretty vocal and we got a decent response last year. So, I don't want to really weigh in on what their conversations may be, and I think I might be doing that if I weigh in on their generation.
Ralph LaRossa: Oh, from our standpoint, look, I have said multiple times, Bill, we have more than enough capex to have our 5% to 7% growth rate with our replacement activities. If the state of New Jersey or the federal government says, hey, listen, we'd like utilities to go do that, we would certainly listen to those requests. But we like putting pipe in the ground and wires in the air right now, and we're not in the business of building new rotating equipment. So, if that happens, we certainly can put that skill set, we have it, we could restart it if we needed to, but we're counting on the marketplace that we're in to resolve it right now.
Ralph LaRossa: All right, great. Well, I listen, great conversation. I really appreciate everybody calling in and appreciate the Q&A section, obviously was robust. I do want to just make one comment at the end here. We're in our normal storm and season that takes place, and I'm going to go a little bit off the script here from the standpoint that I want to thank all those that responded to the storm down in Texas and just remind us all of the hard work that's done, day in and day out by the line workers that responded in Texas. I was taken aback, I must say, by some of the behaviors that took place from a security standpoint down at center point and in Texas in general. And I just ask you all to keep that all in mind as we go forward into this season. Lights will go out, storms will come through, and there's people out there working really, really hard in some really tough conditions. And let's just keep them in our thoughts and prayers. With that, I thank you for calling in, and we'll catch up with you either on the road or in three months. Take care.
Dan Cregg: Yes. And there's assumptions that are embedded within our overall longer-term plan. But if you think about what we are from a generation perspective, the nuclear units' capacity is not a very significant component of the overall mix. And so, there's a -- it is not, our five to seven overall, from an enterprise perspective, is not terribly sensitive to what that is. We'll see what comes out here, I think, where the parameters seem to point. And a lot of what I've read shows things may be a bit more bullish than we've seen recently, but we'll find out what that looks like at the end of the day. I don't expect it to be significant enough to move us within, certainly outside of the range, and barely move us inside the range.
Dan Cregg: Hey Jeremy, the other thing I'd say is there's another layer as you take a look at what PJM has done from some of their competitive windows, that is data center related as well. Those are competitive solicitations. They end up in regulated transmission. You've seen us participate in those before where in Maryland, we have a $400 million and change capital opportunity, and I think more of those are available to us. They're competitive. We'll see where we go. We don't count on those within our existing plan, but to the extent that those come forward, there'll be an opportunity there for us.
Dan Cregg: Yep. We're thinking about it quite a bit, Carly, and it's very topical, given what you mentioned within your question. And so, there's been a fair bit of work that's been ongoing to move forward and extend out over time. And I would expect that, I don't know, maybe when we're sitting here at the next call, we'd have a little bit of an extension there we'd be able to offer. So, we're aware of it on top of it. It's not the most immediate, urgent thing that's going on from the standpoint of actually producing power, but we always have a lead time that we're interested in and continue to move forward on that. So, we'll continue to push that data out and give updates as we do it.
Dan Cregg: Yes. To the extent there'd be a difference in the approach to the extent of something that might be co-located versus something that was, I think, inherent within your first question, which is about the feasibility study on the grid the utility has an obligation to serve. They're figuring out the best way to do it, figuring out what has to happen from a capital perspective, and from a system operation perspective.
Dan Cregg: And I think as we kick into PTCs too, Anthony, I think it rightfully puts whatever support there may be for nuclear at the federal level, which puts on even playing field for some of the PTC and ITCs that you see for other carbon free investments. So, I think that helps as well.
