Ralph Izzo: So Travis, as you know, we don't have a target number in terms of a percentage payout or percentage growth rate. It's a variety of factors. It's where are the earnings coming from? How stable are they? How predictable are they? Where are we in the commodity cycle? So the word that we continue to hold on to is that looking at all of that, where power prices are, where the market predictions should be, where our capital program is at the utility, that investors do have the opportunity for consistent and sustainable growth in the dividend, and I'd rather not be held to a specific number at this point.
Ralph Izzo: It's $0.02 to $0.03 for '14, then it steps up in basically $0.02 increments, until we get to '16, where it's about $0.07 or $0.08.
Ralph Izzo: So just to add to that, Caroline. So Brian, it's not a step up and then a step back down in subsequent years, it's just a resetting of the level of pension. In this case, no longer burdened on the income statement, but benefit, but we'll incorporate that in all of our other O&M forecasts in our March 7 meeting.
Ralph Izzo: And we're also have huge benefit from the transmission investment offset by the decline in the hedge prices. So we just need to be careful, Kit, that we don't just pick one thing that looks like a $0.15 change, and say that's the only thing that isn't washing out.
Ralph Izzo: What we've always told you so far is that we have a $171 million increase in transmission revenues, now the piece that you're missing is -- was the increase in transmission O&M. We'll give a little bit more information on March 7. The Solar 440 is a 3-year program and you should assume that, that's pretty evenly distributed over the 3 years. And that brings us return at a 10% ROE and a 51% equity ratio.
Ralph Izzo: So Kit, when that article appeared, there was an appropriate and very stern letter that came out of the presiding officer of the BPU chastising all participants, but in particular, whoever was responsible for that leak, which was not us, that such conversations in public would not be tolerated and sanctions unnamed would be enforced afterwards. So I really don't want to even come close to answering your question, other than to say, yes, there was an article.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, I am. But I was clearly wrong on the date, right? I thought we'd have it done by the end of January, and I obviously missed that timeframe. I'm still optimistic everyone recognizes the importance of the work that's being proposed, but the devil is in the details.
Ralph Izzo: No, Paul. So most of the transmission work that does have impacts you've seen already in the way they've reflected in the RPM auctions. So the 2 biggest projects that had an effect were Susquehanna-Roseland in terms of its transfer capability from Eastern MAAC into PS Zone, and then the -- the overall PS Zone, and then the Northeast Grid and its transfer capability between PS Zone and PS North. I forgot the exact number. I think SR was about 1,500 megawatts and I think Northeast Grid was 400 megawatts or 500 megawatts. I don't remember. 200 megawatts to 300 megawatts, Kathleen's telling me. So those projects have had an effect and that's fully reflected in the price. This latest project is pretty much wholly within PS North and the NYISO seam. So this is a stability issue across the PJM and New York ISO seam.
Ralph Izzo: So we did not factor that into the guidance we've just given you for '14, Jonathan, but I can tell you this, the units performed well. Our gas team was able to get the fuel we needed. There were times when we were running on kerosene and not on natural gas, but the assets were up and running. We had Linden down, I think, for a few days because we were finishing out the AGP, the advanced gas path, but we had solid operational performance, managed the fuel situation very well and did not factor that into our '14 guidance. We have -- Kathleen reminded me this morning, I forgot already, it's only 51 days gone so far, 314 to go. So she didn't want me to get ahead of myself.
Ralph Izzo: So Jonathan, we're not going to give guidance for the out years. We will at the conference remind folks, and I'll just do it at a high-level here, of what the utility rate-base growth will be and how that translates into earnings. We'll present to you data that I think most of you know about RPM, because that does us carry us, certainly, through '16. We'll update -- we will discuss the hedge book to the extent that further detail is needed. So what we don't do is try to outguess the forward price curve, and that's the part that keeps us from giving you precision in the out years. We're going to give you an O&M growth rate. I don't -- so other than the changes in the forward price curve and how we're able to dynamically hedge, which is something that I think we're all learning to understand is a real advantage Power, those 2 limitations keep us from giving you even a plus or minus for the out years. And we'll -- we're going to give you 5 years of utility capital at this time around as well.
Ralph Izzo: Well, the reason why I wouldn't want to do that is I think that limits us to a bias of understating our potential. Our naturally long position with our diverse asset fleet, both in terms of fuel and in terms of dispatchability, has allowed us to benefit from the volatility quite nicely. And the greater that volatility, the greater the benefit for us and that's a theme we've been trying to educate the investor community about for the past 18 months or so, and I think we want to make sure we don't shortchange ourselves by simply saying the curve prediction is a spark of x and therefore that's all you should bake into our numbers.
Ralph Izzo: So Ashar, I obviously, did a mea culpa already on predicting it by the end of January, so I'm not going to invite a second opportunity to be wrong or beat my chest over being right by predicting a date and then not living up to it. We're in active negotiations, the hearings begin on Tuesday or Monday, I forget, the 25th. So believe me, there's no one on this call who wants that done sooner, but not without the right terms and conditions for our shareholders and our customers. So I can't predict we will have more details for you. Suffice to say that we will do what we've done in the past. We will tell you here is what has been approved and what is definitely happening and to the extent that there are open questions, we'll tell you what those additional open questions could yield.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, Julien, I do respect the desire for that information. We have 2 nuclear refueling outages ahead of us. We have a summer season that is at least as important as the winter season. So there's a lot of territory ahead of us before we start taking something to the bank.
Ralph Izzo: Neel, we haven't broken that number out in a number of years, so I'm kind of trying to remember when the last time was that we did break that out. I know we have some -- it's been at least 3 years, I've been told. I know we have some energy and capacity sales over a VST line that goes over to New York. We do some spot transactions, but I don't know that we break out our Power book to that level of specificity.
Ralph Izzo: On the utility side. Utility isn't building any transmission into New York City. The -- perhaps, I hope I didn't misspeak before. The 345 kV is a reliability issue that affects the seam, but it's all inside New Jersey.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, right now, we have 2 major projects underway. We have an uprate, about 140 megawatts at Peach Bottom, and we have the advanced gas path. And right now, that's all that we have planned. So yes. So thanks everyone for participating in the call. We had a terrific 2013. I mean it was terrific operationally, financially, meeting the needs of the New Jersey Energy Master Plan and we firmly expect that we're going to build on that in '14 and beyond. So we'll share some more details with you on March 7. We hope you're able to join us then in New York. I'm told by Kathleen, in celebration of the winter, we may actually have some sleigh rides and hot chocolates for people, but hopefully we'll have the beginning of some spring weather when we see you on March 7. So thanks for being here today, and we'll see you soon.
Caroline D. Dorsa: That's a great question, Brian. Let me clarify that. So the $110 million was our net of capitalization, so therefore, what impacts the P&L. That was our pension expense in 2013. So in 2014, you're actually going to see pension income, instead of having $110 million in expense, you're going to see pension income, and the turnaround on a year-on-year basis is a $0.15 improvement from the impact of pension going from expense last year of $110 million, to income in the teens that you're going to see in this year's numbers, spread evenly between the businesses. So a $0.15 year-on-year improvement. We expect to see pension income as we forecast out during the business plan. So you're going to see continuation of value driven from pension as opposed to the history we've had in the last few years of significant pension expense.
Caroline D. Dorsa: So the right way to think about this, Brian, is we make long-term assumptions for returns on our investment portfolio, right? We make the same long-term assumptions going forward that we've made prior, right? You know from our disclosures, we assume an 8% return on our asset investments. We just continue to assume that same return. We look at the discount rate from the forward curve, that's why -- the way everybody looks at it, right? So you set it from wherever you land and when we look at it going forward, we're just looking at the forward curves. So the discount rate went up for this year from last year, right? Last year was 4.2%, this year, it was 5%. That's pretty -- just taken right off the curves at the end of 2013. So it's a really steady-as-she-goes set of assumptions about rate of return, which we've set at 8%, and the discount rate, which we just use from the forward curve. Very significant turnaround we see between '13 and '14 comes from the fact that in 2013, our trust returned 20%, and that comes from having that sustained equity-oriented allocation, about 70% equities, and you'll see, if you look at our historical, that's been the same for the past few years. We really take a long-term view. And because we don't smooth the year end asset values, so you remember there's 2 types of smoothing in pension, right? There's the gain and loss smoothing, everybody does that. But the ending assets, most companies smooth the ending asset value. In other words, what value you apply that 8% return to in your current year. Most companies use a 5-year average. We use the actual value at the end of the prior year. So the fact that we had 20% return gives us that benefit as we come into 2014, purely from where the market put our assets at the end of 2013.
Caroline D. Dorsa: So we haven't given a specific effective tax rate, but I think it's fair to assume you'll see tax rate kind of similar to what we've seen in Power over the past period, close to 40%. In the utility, obviously, as solar installations go into effect, you have a little bit of an ITC. So there's a little bit of a tax rate benefit, won't be quite as high as Power. But pretty much steady, nothing really dramatically different going on there.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. So you're right, Jonathan. On 2015, a big driver here from our prior disclosure is the impact of BGS. So BGS goes in at about a low teens impact on the total hedge book for 2015, because the most recent auction, of course, puts a full year of BGS in there. And so that's the biggest driver of the change in the hedge percentage and the change in the hedge price, because remember, we put BGS in there at about -- at the BGS price less capacity. So it has an impact as you go into 2015 on a full year basis and then raised the price from $48 to $51 per our last quarter disclosure. For 2016, BGS has an impact in there as well and the book for 2016, per your question, is about 1/3 BGS and about 2/3 West Hub hedges. As we go out further, BGS is a heftier piece of the total hedge book than it is near term, because it tends to be what you can really do on a long-term basis.
Caroline D. Dorsa: We can't give you a ballpark, Julien, because obviously, we just put out the guidance at all. But I think as Ralph said, we performed well and we've had other periods where opportunities present themselves, we captured them, and we captured what was available to us here. But we'll be on the phone with you not too long from now doing the first quarter, it seems, right, in April. But I think you should expect that we're able to do the kinds of things that our terrific ER&T group is able to do, which is take advantage of opportunities when they present themselves, because our operations and our assets run really well. But beyond that, I think we'll just wait for the first quarter results.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes, and one other thing, Julien. I think we have a robust capital program. We talked about a lot going on, including the potential for Energy Strong is filed, and the other thing that we will talk about in March as we always do and you would expect from our results on our cash and balance sheet position, is everything we've talked about has the potential for going forward, including Energy Strong. None of that takes away our entire investment capacity. So there's more investment capacity to put to work on either good projects at the utility, additional transmission, things like uprates at Power, there's opportunity to do even more because we've run the balance sheet and have so much free cash flow coming from both businesses. So even the things that you know, we'll still have more room to do more things as these opportunities that Ralph identified come -- potentially come forward to us.
