Ralph LaRossa: Yes, Nick. Sure. So listen, first of all, I appreciate you recognizing the work that Dan and his team and the regulatory team did already here. And we're seeing the benefits of it, right? We had -- I'll talk in engineering terms, we've reduced the sign of the sine wave and there's less volatility. So, there's nothing that we've seen or expect that it's going to become problematic for us as we look at '24. But I'll let Dan give you any more details he wants to provide on that, but just the result of some good work that we've accomplished this year.
Ralph LaRossa: And Nick, let me just double down on that, right? We've been saying to everyone that we can, no equity, no kind of equity and no sale of assets, so...
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, Shar. All great questions. And again, I'll give Dan some chance to answer details here, but you hit on all the moving parts that we're considering. And a lot of that has to do with driving for what our time frame is that we're going to come out with the -- with our earnings in December. So Dan, can you just give any more on some of those items.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So Shar, I'd say a couple of things on that front. Just to reinforce again the stability that we introduced last year. We said it on the PTC floor, right? So we're not counting on anything above or beyond that. And that's the way our plan is set. So that should be pretty clear for you all and pretty transparent on that front, and then on the CapEx, we have said a couple of times, we're moving ahead very well on the refueling cycle at Hope Creek -- that work is progressing as we expected and those surprises there. And we'll probably be hearing something in '24 from us, a little bit more on the upgrades that we plan for sale and the timing of that. Effects on cal '24 though -- those will pay dividends as we go down the...
Ralph LaRossa: We have said that we're going to give it after we finish our business planning process with our board. We have a review with our Board that we do in December. So, we'll be doing it in December.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So look, I'll give it to Dan again, give you some details, but that -- both of those things are very good news for us. The transmission opportunity as well as the energy efficiency growth that we see from the triennial at the BPU put forth. But Dan's answer, I believe, is going to be exactly the same to you. We do not need equity or anything that looks like it.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes, David. Sure. Look, I would -- our opinions really don't matter as much as results. And I have to tell you, I could not be more pleased with the board and the action they took on our gas system modernization program. That quick action and decisive action to move that forward shows a couple of things. One is the work that we're doing and how it's helping the environment from a methane reduction standpoint is aligned with the policies of the state. And I would also say the desire for the board to continue to reach settlement was exhibited there as well, right? So, both of those things are real positives and just should reinforce that for only us, in our opinion, but for you all that we are in the same space that we were before.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So look, here's the way I would frame it. The two years that we agreed upon are at a higher run rate than they would have otherwise been based upon our filing. So that's a real positive. I think when you look at the two areas that were of concern in the conversation they were minimal from an investment standpoint. One was the renewable natural gas piece of our filing and the other was the hydrogen blending. And those are fair policy conversations that need to take place. So, the Board wanted to move ahead from a commitment standpoint to get the work done to continue to methane reductions. So, we're completely aligned there. The run rate was higher. And I think we just participate and see where policy wants to go on those other two items and make a decision on that. But from a long-term strategy standpoint, our commitment to reduce the cast iron in our system remains and it's supported at this time by the commission. So I see nothing really changing from that standpoint.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So Jerry, we -- first of all, we participated on two of the hub applications. One was the Northeast hub and the second was the MACT II. The MACT II hub was the one that was selected by the DOE in this area and we're really happy and proud of being part of that solution. I think it's going to provide us with a lot of long-term growth opportunities in the region. And I say that from an economic development standpoint for the state. I think we'll have a real opportunity to place an electrolyzer somewhere in South Jersey. I think we'll have an opportunity to make use of some pipelines that exist in South Jersey and some storage that exists in South Jersey for hydrogen as well as some end users that are in that area, both in the Delaware and across the river in Southern Pennsylvania from refinery standpoint. That's from the generic economic standpoint. I think our play here will be really determined when we see what the rules come out from the IRA and how the PTC is going to interact with both the nuclear PTC and the -- and what -- so you might think of as pan-caking hydrogen credits on top of that or not. So we'll look at that. We don't have any of that baked into our plan. I think that's the key for you to take away. It's upside for us. I will also tell you that we have no expectation of being part of anything that's going to create any commodity risk for us on the hydrogen front, so we'll look at this. We'll help the state achieve some economic growth that they have down in that depressed part of our state, and then we'll see what role we specifically play within it as an enterprise.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. So, Jeremy, so we are going to give you a partial update on CapEx through '27, and then we will give you more in January from a capital roll forward standpoint. So that's kind of the rhythm the December update will be a little bit of the run rate that we talked about for GSMP and the EE filings that we have to file, which will be in the beginning of December for the BPU. That said, what we've been indicating is that, that filing will -- if you look at the triennial, you would expect it to be a little bit more than we have seen in the past from a run rate standpoint. We're still assessing it. I personally have not seen the final product from our team, so I couldn't give you any more details even if I wanted to. But the indication from everyone who has looked at that order that came out from the BPU is that there'll be more opportunity for us there.
Ralph LaRossa: That will be in the January time frame. That's what we said in the prepared remarks, and we will be giving that update at that time, exactly.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. Nothing that we're aware of on the parent level, but I will tell you, I was getting some good work by Dan and his team treasury department to explain what's going on in our -- on the power side. And we were very happy, and I appreciate you recognizing Moody's letter it went out. So, thanks on that front.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. Look, I'll take the last one. The team continues to perform excellent work there, and there's nothing that we have there to discuss other than a normal average consistent with our business plan, so just a great opportunity for me to give kudos to the team down there. So thank you for that and Dan will give you the PTC piece.
Ralph LaRossa: And the only thing I would add there is the comments I made also just indicate there's a lot of interest on the energy efficiency front, and we've been able to continue to expand there. So, all consistent with what I indicated on the triennial and the support we get from the BPU.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. No, look, we're just -- we're reading what you're all reading. And again, just happy with the decision that we made at this point.
Ralph LaRossa: That's about the rhythm we expect. I don't want to be tied into an hour or a day, but yes, that's the rhythm we expect.
Ralph LaRossa: Yes. No. Thank you very much, and try -- sorry, we had so much interest, but sorry, we had to move on. Listen, I just want to thank you all for your continued interest. The work that our team continues to produce amazes me. I'm really happy with the stability that we've created here and the certainty. We put out some internal information earlier today, and it's just amazing the amount of things that we continue to execute on. And I'll just highlight a few of them here. One was this gas system monetization plan and the work that we completed. We've continued to be recognized in awards different things that have come out of best employers and best companies to work for. We lowered our gas bills again for customers effective October 1, and we refreshed our Board of Directors. So, things that a lot of people sometimes struggle with, we just seem to be executing time and time again. So a big thanks to our team. Hopefully, you hear that not only in our voices, but from others that we're a company you can count on, and we're executing on the work that we said we would. And I'll just leave with this. Anthony said it, but happy Halloween to everyone. I hope you all have a safe and healthy Halloween, and that's not just for yourselves but also for your families. Enjoy the day. Take care.
Dan Cregg: Yes. And think that's really what we set out to do. It doesn't eliminate the effect of markets moving because we still do have attention, but we've been able to minimize the magnitude of what we would see. So, as we step through the year, markets have moved, they've been off a little bit in the last few months. We got another couple of months to go to we see where we land. I think that we're not immune to some of those movements, but I think the work that we've done will lessen that effect. And as we're looking at it now, the magnitude of what we intend to see or what we anticipate seeing as we move through year-end is something we can still manage through the overall O&M budget.
Dan Cregg: No. There is no -- there has been no and there is no intention to have any equity issuance as we go through the capital plan that we have in front of you. So we've had $15.5 billion to $18 billion for the utility through '27 all year. We're still within that range as you look across the five years, that $3.7 billion is a great performance. So, we've been able to continue to move forward on that. But what you're seeing there is great and it's helpful, but it is still within our overall range. And there is no equity that we're going to need to fund even the high end of that range.
Dan Cregg: Yes, sure. We'll finalize where we're heading and let you know. And I think, there's always some assumptions you're going to make as you step forward, I think, on the rate case. We will file that at some point during this quarter. We've said that it usually takes somewhere between 9 to 12 months to move through. So, we'll make our assumptions around that. I would love to be able to tell you that we're going to have PTC guidance in hand, and we're going to know exactly where things land. But I think that there's a reasonable set of assumptions that you can make within that uncertainty until we get those regulations, and we'll do that. And our guidance on interest rates really will be driven by what we see in the market. [Technical Difficulty] We captured the moves that we've seen over the last year or so. And so, all of those will come into play, and I think we'll still be able to speak with confidence with respect to an overall guidance range for '24, and we'll do that soon.
Dan Cregg: Well, look, I think what we'll put forth is a balanced view. I think that both from Nick's question before and some of the things that you referenced, those are the kinds of things that will come into play as we put the estimate together. But I still think the way that the business is set up we're not going to have to worry about weather movements because of our decoupling. We've got a smaller pension variability that Ralph just mentioned. We've captured most of the interest rate moves. So, I think the work that we have been doing over the last 1.5 years or so is really going to pay off to enable us to be able to speak with confidence on that range when we put it out.
Dan Cregg: Yes. If you guys Ralph is right. We are still moving forward with that same capital raise that we talked about earlier. We will be providing an update. Ralph referenced that in his earlier remarks, both from what we've heard back from PJM and from what the state is looking at on energy efficiency in this next triennium this next three-year period. And so, we will do that update as we go forward. But that will be the exact -- the way that, that will roll through is we have a range of capital. We will update that range. And on the other side of that, we will have what remains from the standpoint of that debt capacity. But I think you should still look with us -- look to us with confidence that we will be able to fund that without the need for incremental.
Dan Cregg: Yes. So guess what we've said to folks is that we don't have the exact calculation that's going to be made and what we try to do is think through what may come to us, right? So when you have some of that uncertainty, you try to think through the ultimate answer that will come and then try to think through the viability of those solutions and where they may land. And we've kind of reacted to that thinking against the background of some of that uncertainty. And so that doesn't mean that we would not be doing any hedges that means that we would be continuing to move forward at pace thinking about how that PTC may come out. Those rules will come out at some point, we hope sooner than later for that exact reason, right? It's just shaped how you're thinking about it. But I'd say, I don't think terribly different from what we had been doing with our hedging versus what we're doing now within 25 as a general rule.
Dan Cregg: No. Just one thing, David, the one thing that I think we could lose sight of and shouldn't is that with all of the focus on a higher interest rate environment, that there's -- we've got some questions about what might be the implications to any kind of an impact on the rate case as we go forward. And I reminded folks, this is the first rate case filing we'll do since 2018. And so the early part of that period between rate cases, we saw lower interest expense. And so yes, what we're seeing in this current environment is higher, and so there could be some costs that would move through the overall revenue requirement from the way we have trust capital. But thinking about stepping through years where interest rates were lower and now we're in a higher rate environment, net-net, that does not calculate into a considerable rate increase because of interest rates. And so that's not a rate pressure as we go into this just as a reminder.
Dan Cregg: Yes. And I think against the backdrop of the capital plan, Jeremy, we had talked about the low end of the range being consistent with where we were in the high end of the range being more like what we had for this particular item more like what we had filed for GSMP III. And so, we were above our run rate, but not as high as we had filed. So, we're firmly within that capital plan range.
Dan Cregg: No, I think that says Joe. There was not an update with respect to those numbers today. We have reaffirmed those numbers today. As we do step forward, it has and it continues to be a range. And so we've gotten some indication from PJM that there could be some incremental transmission spend is in the $400 million range. We've gotten some indication by going through that BPU triennial that EE could see a little bit of a lift frankly, the GSMP was a higher run rate, but was not as much as GSMP I was filed for. So, there's going to be puts and takes. And I think what we're saying is that you're going to see that update in full and some of those ranges having a little bit more color around that because we've stepped through another series of months as we approach the end of the year and move into year-end.
Dan Cregg: Yes. Look, Julien, we said 6% to 7.5%, and that is where we still are. So if you're talking me up from that number, we're at the 6% to 7.5% -- what we're trying just to do is as we do step forward, we will give the indication as to what these things start to look like. The filing for EE has not been made. And we don't have that final answer from PJM with respect to that transmission. So I think those will follow. And as we do step forward, that base will move up and will some incremental capital as we extend the years of our forecast. We need to come up a little bit. These are the kind of things that we'll do that. So, I think you ought to Think about it as exactly how we presented it, that we're affirming those numbers as we step forward. We'll give you a little bit more color in '24 come December and then we'll move into a longer-term update on the other side of our overall finalization of our plan.
Dan Cregg: Yes. I think what they did, Michael, made sense, right? If you think about what nuclear has been and what it is now, that PTC does provide that exact floor that you're referencing. And so, we do intend to continue to talk about that within our numbers and nothing beyond that. But certainly, that stabilization is supportive of exactly what Moody's did.
Dan Cregg: Yes. I presume treasury is also doing excellent work down there, but they're not reporting now to it's not exactly when. So we don't have any particular color on timing other than to continue to reinforce that, but sooner is better than later, but we've not heard anything back yet.
Dan Cregg: Yes. Travis, I think what that really is, is the team has been doing a great job of knocking out the work that we have in front of us, and there are a couple of things that, that is think of it as just getting some of the work done a little bit quicker than anticipated, and we'll follow up with a more fulsome update as we go forward.
Dan Cregg: No. Well, I would argue that you may be able to think about it that way. But as we give you an update, you'll be able to see what happens because 2025 could get pulled back into '24. It's a little bit fluid as they go forward. And if they're ahead on where they are right now, you can see some other things coming back into '24. So I wouldn't think about it as a reduction in '24. I think about it as just getting a little bit more work done early, and we'll continue to true that up as we go forward.
Dan Cregg: Yes. So, we'll take that out and step forward. And Anthony, I think the important element is that last November, as we gave that update, we presume rates including spreads that were pretty comparable to where we are. We didn't capture every single dollar of it. But I think the delta between what we thought it was going to be and where we are currently from a market perspective is within the range. So, I think we've done a nice job of getting ahead of it, and we will take that out. And like a lot of our refinancing, we will see some higher rates as we flip them, but they're a caution our forecast.
Dan Cregg: Yes. I mean if you take a look at it, they didn't move the rating on power. It's just a positive outlook there. And so I think that ripple effect would be would be lesser as you look at the parent. But I think on balance, just if you think about the overall business mix reflective of PTCs and what we've done from an overall strategic set of decisions I think we're in a better position going forward.
