Caroline D. Dorsa: Right. And you recall, as we talked about in the first quarter, we had our units, Hudson and Mercer, running on both gas and coal. Mercer actually more on coal than gas. Hudson wasn't ready to run on coal, given the Superstorm Sandy-related remediations that were coming online in the first quarter. In this quarter, the units ran, but they ran entirely on gas, given those economics that Ralph just mentioned. So the good news for us is the ability to have those units, which are now available to run on coal, and of course, all the environmental spend already done. But having that inherent fuel flexibility to move between coal and gas has provided us with value as we look at those assets.
Caroline D. Dorsa: No. Not second quarter in terms of generation. Remember, we talked about much stronger generation in the first quarter because we had a real winter this quarter as opposed to last year. Generation this quarter was essentially flat, a little more than 12 terawatt hours, as I mentioned on the remarks, versus last year's second quarter. So kind of pretty much normal in terms of how to think of quarter-over-quarter for this quarter.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Yes, so a good question. As we said, we are positioned to be able to access Marcellus gas. And we do access some of our gas through Marcellus, and obviously, we have some storage capability that enables us to do that. Then, of course, we bid the units into the market in the normal bidding process. So we're always looking for the best sources of gas relative to our units. We follow all the normal practices in terms of how we bid into the market in terms of how those units are compensated. Of course, that's a very competitive sort of situation, so I don't want to give too much detail here. But you're right to point out, we do have access to both sources of gas as we bid the units in.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Sure. So this is Caroline, Greg. So relative to the insurance, as we mentioned, we had an additional $25 million recovered this quarter. So total recoveries under the insurance for Power, $44 million, and there's about $6 million for the utilities. So total recoveries for the company, about $50 million. In terms of timeline, we don't have a timeline for anything for future. As you know, we have filed litigation relative to the parties, the underwriters relative to coverage terms. And of course, since we are in litigation, we can't comment on the progress or status of litigation, and of course, that means that the timeline is really subject to the outcome of that litigation. What I can tell you is that we continue to make the repairs that we have discussed and we'll continue to report them on an actual basis as Power's O&M below for operating earnings purposes as we've updated this quarter. Just a reminder, that was $135 million for Power in the aggregate that was spent, and from that, you subtract the $44 million for recovery that we received from the insurance companies for a net $91 million. So can't forecast exactly how that will play out, given litigation. We will, of course, report it to you on an actual basis.
Caroline D. Dorsa: Thanks, Michael. So relative to the lease exposure, we've talked about that, and of course, disclosed that for a pretty good amount of time in our financial statements. I think the way to think about it is when you look at the exposure amounts, typically think of that total exposure as we talked about, and for Edison Mission, it's about $220 million. Think of that as the pretax amount of the maximum amount of a write down, but also remember that, that's not cash, right? That's the write-down amount. We've talked about the cash exposure related to the taxes. But I think the -- one thing to keep in mind for this is this has been deferred again in terms of any decisions related to rejection of the lease until September. And we are obviously representatives for our share and our rights in that process. The deferral continues, which apparently is, obviously, from the lessors -- from the lessee's perspective on their decisions on what to do in that regard. In terms of the other leases that we have, they continue to be current on payments. Obviously, the Edison case is different, but that's why we're in this process right now. So if we think about the write-off exposure, it's that amount, as I mentioned, on a pretax basis, and then you put it on an after-tax basis.
Caroline D. Dorsa: No. The tax exposure is less than that. I can tell you that for sure. And then, of course, that would be process relative to our rights from the lessee in terms of any recapture.
Caroline D. Dorsa: And one other thing to keep in mind, Shahriar, we've talked about this, as you may recall, earlier this year, when you look at and try to estimate approximate forward basis, you can get to some numbers that we see as well in the low single-digits, but when the demand has been there and there's been issues of congestion, you've seen that basis be higher in the closer to real time. And so by having the assets open in our positioning, we've been able to capture some of that volatility in basis. And we have a slide in some of our investor materials that talks about that in terms of seeing how volatile that basis has been, our ability to capture that volatility as we make our assets available is something else that our team is very focused on.
Ralph Izzo: So our focus has been primarily in the Eastern Max zone. And to the best of our knowledge, there is a new unit that is being built in Eastern Mac, owned and operated by LS Power consortium of companies. All indications are that it has proposal for a power plant, which is now calling to someone else, the northern PS Zone is moving ahead. There are 2 other plants that we know a little less about. And as a matter of fact, we believe that a plant that was proposed in the Somerville area is not going forward. That would have been in the Eastern Max zone as well. As a matter of fact, there was a filing made by PSE&G about -- with that developer regarding the terms and conditions of their standard offer contract agreement. And in fact, that developer agreed that they were no longer going to honor the conditions of that standard offer contract agreement. One other plant had cleared the auction last year and that one we simply have been told through public comments that it is at least a year delayed and -- but it's still intending to go forward. So everything I just told you is out in the public domain and it's the best information we have at this point.
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Greg. So where things stand right now is Commissioner Fiordaliso has been named the hearing officer for the filing, the filing is complete, although we do keep getting some additional discovery questions and are responding to them. Hearing dates have been announced for September and October. Now what happens after that is a little bit flexible. We've proposed a schedule that would result in a fully litigated decision being the December 18 meeting of the BPU. Others are proposing a different schedule and Commissioner Fiordaliso hasn't ruled on that. We anticipate his ruling on the schedule to be imminent, less worried about the schedule because, as you know, we tend to try to move on this and other issues in the settlement route [ph], which is what we did with Solar and what we've done in prior infrastructure programs. So I still remain hopeful and optimistic that we'll have some things resolved by the end of the year. It's pretty clear we've missed taking any action for this storm season, that doesn't mean I'm expecting or hoping for any storms but quite the contrary. Our hope though is to be able to get things resolved by the end of the year so that we can begin the engineering and design work to get some infrastructure hardened prior to next year's storm season. And -- but we just don't have anything more definitive on that. Rest assured, Greg, we will tell you and everyone else everything we know as soon as we know it and as the BPU will release information. None of that has any impact on our plans to spend an additional $1.5 billion on transmission over that 10-year period, with about $500 million of that taking place over the first 5 years.
Ralph Izzo: Sure, Michael. So we've talked a bit about the dispatch curve, right, and the fuel flexibility we have and the technology flexibility we have. By and large, the nuclear units dispatched ahead, and except for that one, anomalous situation we had our base load coal is always called upon to run. But then the Bergen and Linden units swapped places with the Hudson and Mercer units for the past few years and who knows what the future will bring. So I feel good about the fuel and technology flexibility we have as it pertains to the dispatch curve. And I think, one obviously needs to consider any capital improvements that need to be made when thinking about the overall economics of plants, and really, that comes in 2 forms for all of us. One is just sort of Clean Air Act rule capital investments. And as you know, all of those are behind us with some SERs and as we put on our Conemaugh plant being the one exception. So we're in great shape from a HAPs-MACT compliance point of view, and you can expect us to continue to operate and run our plants based on just a marginal cost basis here because there is no additional sudden cost that needs to be made. The post-Fukushima drivers for the nuclear plants are still undetermined at this point. However, we do have quite a few changes -- differences in our plants that are different from the typical design of other units. For example, all of our spend fuel pools are behind concrete reinforced buildings. So we don't have butler buildings, stainless steel buildings that are protecting our spent fuel pools. We have different designs in our vents that we are going to argue before the NRC are already hardened. So we're in a good shape from a point of view CapEx going forward. As a matter of fact, we're still going ahead with Exelon and our Peach Bottom upgrade. We feel that strongly about the dispatchability and economics of our nuclear units. So I don't know what to say about others, they can speak for themselves, but I feel pretty good about the fleet that we have.
Ralph Izzo: No, I don't think so, Anthony. This is a big capital program. And the BPU staff understandably is doing a very thorough job of trying to assess, from their point of view, whether or not we prioritize things the way they think maximizes benefits for customers. Not surprisingly, the consumer advocate wants us to do it for free and that's kind of a tough thing for our shareholders to accept and for us to accept this measure. So really doesn't have anything to do with demand at all. As a matter of fact, all of our infrastructure programs, transmission, Energy Strong are completely decoupled from demand growth and really have much more to do with either a replacement of an aging infrastructure or the desire to move from best-in-class reliability, which truthfully say, we possess, to just greater resiliency. And in fact, probably no one has felt the damages associated with storms more so than our commercial and industrial sectors.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, I mean, we are hopeful and still confident that it will be this calendar year, but you never say never, so it could spill over into next calendar year, I just cannot imagine it spilling deeply over into next calendar year, if it were to do so.
Ralph Izzo: Shahriar, we deliberately keep our load following in intermediate assets open, certainly out beyond the current year. We've seen tremendous volatility in basis, the $3 or $4 number that we see in the future has little bearing on the day-to-day or day ahead or real-time basis differential. And so we don't make a habit of hedging the fuel separating apart from the electric output. We match that. And from that point of view, sparks have been pretty robust and the basis has been pretty robust for us. And you've seen an effort 2 quarters in a row, right, for different reasons. And that's one of the themes we're trying to highlight in our discussions with investors and here on this call, that it goes to the question that Michael asked before, our competitive positioning is one of having good assets in good locations that could take advantage of the volatility in the market through our natural long position. And it's not just as simple as, okay, power prices at the western hub of $39 and PEG has got this amount of open position and let's multiply it by those 2 numbers. Caroline, chime in here as well.
Ralph Izzo: Yes, I think that there's no denying that. I mean, clearly, our gas fleet will do better, but to the extent that overall prices come down and Quarks compress, then you'll see an impact on our nuclear fleet.
Ralph Izzo: Okay. Thank you, everyone, for joining us. So just to recap, another strong quarter, we believe. Power actually eked out a couple million dollar improvement over last year, which is a nice change in the trend line of Power. And utility, right on track with the double-digit earnings growth that we've talked about, largely driven by great progress on the transmission construction program. And looking longer term, we're pleased with the dialogue we have with BPU staff on the Energy Strong proposal. We're pleased with the dialogue we're having with folks over at LIPA on how we might be able to enhance that relationship even before it begins. And with that, well, we look forward to seeing many of you in several of the upcoming conferences that we'll be at in August and in September, so we'll see you in person very soon. Thanks, everyone.
