Ralph Izzo: So Shar, of course, we like to think of the fact that we're always mindful of our O&M expense. But you can always do more, there's a cost versus quality consideration that we'll have to take into account. So there's no doubt we can offset some of the headwinds. We're just not going to get into a conversation today about how easy it is to offset $0.05 versus $0.30 versus $0.20. And believe me, we've seen numbers dance around that whole range over the past six years. And we're not going to do anything that compromises the long term service quality of the customers. We're going to look at every part of our cost structure to see what is a good short term decision, what's the good long term decision. And then, of course, as you correctly pointed out, the utility does have a rate case that starts January 1, 2024. So we view this as a short term headwind that's not quantifiable on August 2nd and can only be quantified on December 31st, but we're looking at a whole litany of potential cost reductions, and each one of them comes with some risk. And we'll draw the line where we feel comfortable that the short term risks are manageable, but we do nothing to jeopardize the long term health of the company. I know that's not a quantitative answer to your question. But I think it's just going to drive people crazy to every day look at what markets are doing and what congressional leader is visiting, what island nation and what that's doing to equity markets and things that are simply not within our control over the next few months.
Ralph Izzo: I think you hit the nail on the head in terms of important data points, Shar, coming in. Look, if the inflation reduction Act passes as is proposed, there are some technical amendments that we're working with bill sponsors to make sure are considered because of some language that is inconsistent with what people have told us they're trying to achieve. I mean you basically have nuclear energy price of $44 a megawatt hour, give or take a few pennies as long as power prices in the market don't drop below $25, and as long as power prices in the market don't go above $44. So the nuclear assets begin, to me at least, to look a lot like a rate base rate of return and piece of infrastructure with a steady and attractive cash flow that makes them economically viable. Now there's a whole lot of wood that needs to be chopped between now and making that something that President Biden puts his pen to. And then there's the need to see what investor reaction will be, if it's interpreted the same way that we interpret it, which is, as I said, essentially a very predictable earnings stream with a very solid cash flow generation that I think serves the state of New Jersey very well, serves the company very well, serves the planet very well. On offshore wind, we do have an important data point coming up, and you alluded to it. There is another company that is in a strategic review process and we'll carefully monitor the outcome of that while pursuing with all the due diligence efforts as I spoke about before from Coastal Wind Link to Ocean Wind 1 and some other possible opportunities with Ørsted. Look, it should be obvious to everyone. New Jersey is going to build 7.5 gigawatts of offshore wind. I think half a dozen states are going to build 30 gigawatts of offshore wind. That's going to have a significant impact on tower markets, bill headroom and opportunities to grow earnings per share for companies. So it's something that we want to make sure we are taking a long view in terms of the role we should or shouldn't play in that. So more to follow and some of it we’ll be following in the next few months.
Ralph Izzo: So Nick, as you know, in a regulated world, with test years and rate cases, one does not -- and even though -- I guess, it's almost 90% of our CapEx has some form of trackers, some of that is delayed six months, some of that's delayed one year. We've never told people that the 5% to 7% CAGR is every year to be applied that it was -- you think the midpoint of the '22 guidance and you look at where we are in '25 and the CAGR over that time frame is 5% to 7%, and we never gave what '23 would be or what '24.
Ralph Izzo: I was a little bit worried about Senator Sinema, but the tax provisions, the carried interest provisions don't seem to be a big number. So I find it hard to believe that, that would really result in having to worry about one more Renegade Senate vetoing the bill. And as we head into the midterms, there's a really good chance, it looks like the Senate could retain a Democratic majority. And a lot of them feel like if they could get this over the finish line, that would cement that prospect. So I give it a high probability of success. My bigger worry was whether or not when we  a $2 trillion piece of legislation to $0.5 trillion if you lose the folks that were part of it on the house side, but some of the more visible and outspoken members of the left wing of the Democratic party have said this is a critically important climate change initiative and the most important thing we've done in this regard. So I've gained a little bit of confidence there as well. So I put its odds at pretty strong. I mean with the Senate majority leaders saying he's going to bring it to the floor on Thursday, even before the parliamentarian is likely to rule, I'd say the odds are looking quite good at this point.
Ralph Izzo: The RFP, I think, is going to come out first quarter of next year, for the next round. Is that the question…
Ralph Izzo: And Dan, I mean, 40% of rate base is transmission, which is basically trued up exactly every year. If I'm not mistaken, doesn't the conservation incentive program have a range where we fall outside that range. We're either not eligible. So we stick to that a long return basically on both the  side…
Ralph Izzo: I mean I think one of the things that is really important about the infrastructure advancement program is the recognition to the credit of the Board of Public Utilities of the under investment or let's just say the lack of investment that has followed the last mile because there was so much to do with the higher voltage part of the system. And all the good work we did in transmission and inside plant that actually resulted in our second Edison award and just an outstanding outcome in what was a devastating flood event in Hurricane Ida. All of that work that went so well at the high notes now needs to go towards the lower voltage part of the system. And  was a recognition of that, and getting $500 million plus of the $800 million ask approved, I think, shows that we're entering a new era, people working from home, losing power at the home is not just knowing, blinking lights on, the microwave oven, you can't charge a car and you can't do your work, you can't call your neighbor, you can't find out where the kids are and that level of resiliency and reliabilities is something that customers are demanding. So I think that there's a lot of opportunity in that last mile that we're just beginning to explore and touch upon. So as we've often said in the past, David, there's a long runway of utility investment needs. I mean we still have a lot of aging infrastructure we have in place, that's to get with a little track of what the runway is on the GSMP program at the current spend rate, if you see the 20 or some odd years, I think. So the number one gating function has been, is, and will be, just making sure that we have customer affordability and we're always mindful of that. But in terms of opportunities to redeploy, that's on the  things that used to keep your awake at night that were somewhere around number 20.
Ralph Izzo: So we give you a rate base CAGR on the utility, we don't break each business separately in terms of the CAGR. But as you know, Julien, given 90% of our CapEx get some type of contemporaries return, the utility earnings should equal rate base minus O&M minus regulatory lag, plus any new customer growth which is not part of the SIP. And those last three pieces are pretty small but they can change things faster the first decimal point. But we don't break out each company separately in terms of the CAGR. But the…
Ralph Izzo: Great. So look, it's been mentioned a couple of times. This is my last quarterly earnings call, and it's something of a cliche, but I have to tell you, it's been just a genuine honor and privilege to be with this company for 15 years. And for those of you who are still on the call or listening to the webcast, I want to extend to you and hope you'll accept my sincere thanks for all the conversations, all of the probing questions you've offered over those years. And I'm not kidding, I mean it served to make us a better company and hopefully, it serves to make me a better CEO. I'll genuinely miss those interactions. But I cannot overemphasize the company is in great hands with the new Ralph, with Dan and the entire senior team. We've worked side by side for a long time, and I have just 100% confidence that they will do a far better job than I was able to do on my own, certainly, in the early stages. Now I know that you're all eager to learn more about pensions and nuclear economics and ownership and offshore wind prospects, and you will, and you will. But I'm encouraging our leadership team to continue our proud tradition of taking a long term view and gathering important information before rushing into decisions that might have short term appeal but long term consequences. And I think we're literally talking about weeks and maybe months before we get some really important data points that come our way. So with that, it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to Ralph.
Dan Cregg: I think what's laid out right now, Nick, is pretty simple to what's in the build back better. And so I think your first screen you're going to go through is the size of the earnings from the company to determine whether or not you're subject to it, and then you're going to work your way through essentially will deemphasize things like depreciation and give you a lower rate in exchange. And so that trade off I think as an industry, we're going to go through and take a look and see what that means from a cash flow basis. To the extent that, that does kick in, you'll have a higher cash flow upfront coming out the door for taxes. But whatever excess you do have, that's going to be carried forward indefinitely, and so we will work our way through. And ultimately, to the extent that, that happens, you have a deferred tax asset or probably more appropriately stated a smaller deferred tax liability, which comes into play and the balance of your rate making as well. So I think we're all exploring where this is going to go to the extent it does get across the finish line as is. I know that there are some in Washington who had challenges against this type of increase in the first go round. But right now, as it's played out, it looks pretty similar to what was in build, back, better.
Dan Cregg: Think about it more of the latter, Steve. Well, obviously, you're going to have the effect of markets, both your equity and debt markets for your asset return for the assets within the trust as well as what the discount rate is going to look like. But ultimately, with a bigger part of the pension being on the utility side of the house that you're going to have a regulatory aspect of it that's going to be important as well.
Dan Cregg: It’s an October date, Steve, for when we're supposed to be hearing back -- there's been a little bit of -- there's been work that's been ongoing on it. I know PJM put out a piece related to some of the risks and the constructability, and different elements. And so I know folks have had some comments back on that. But ultimately, it sits within the BPU's jurisdiction with PJM providing some technical support. So October is still when we're supposed to hear back what the answer is on that.
Dan Cregg: I mean, I think, I guess, if you want to think about what we would anticipate on a go forward basis, it would be earning our allowed return. And so yes, you're going to have some tailwinds and headwinds from various items, pension certainly is one. And you're right, if I think about it in the immediate term, you've got some more -- the potential for more headwinds. And if you look backwards, there's been some tailwinds, but there's other items that have offsets and also come into play. But I think if you want to think about what we're anticipating as we look at '25, I think it's -- we're anticipating earning our allowed return.
Dan Cregg: Yes, exactly. The way that, that mechanism works, it has kind of balance related to your earned returns. So we are pretty close to that level throughout.
Dan Cregg: There's more liquidity out there, David. We couldn't close out the entire position in a very short term. But there's liquidity to be able to continue to do what we anticipate doing, which is staying on a ratable path. I mean I think we've got a market environment, which has higher pricing than what we have seen historically. But by the same token, we've got a fairly backwardated curve. And so those two items, I think, are a little bit at odds with respect to where things may be going. So we're moving along related to our ratable hedging program kind of within the bounds that we set, I anticipate that general construct to remain.
Dan Cregg: Julien, I think it's consistent with what we've been saying. I think we're not going to know exactly what that number is going to be until 12/31. That is the nature of how we do our accounting and that's where we're going to stand. And so I think we're going to have that part of the puzzle determined at that time. And given the variability we've seen in markets, you could see some movement there. I would argue that if you take a look at how we are invested with kind of in the mid-50s on the equity side and then some real assets and the balance being on the debt side, you can kind of make a determination that we're -- if you use just the benchmarks, I think you're going to be in the right ballpark. Against that backdrop, we're going to do exactly what Ralph talked about. We're going to go through. We're going to drive through all the initiatives that we've started to lay out, made determinations on some. We'll continue to make determinations on other and trying to make sure we strike the right balance between running the business right and managing our way through some near term headwinds. And the magnitude of those and what we see by virtue of doing the things that we've identified is going to be what's going to determine where we end up in 2023. So it's a little bit dynamic right now but that's going to drive ultimately where we land within 2023, and that guidance will be forthcoming.
Dan Cregg: I mean, I think, frankly, it's just more consistent with respect to how we're thinking about the ratable program. We are a little bit higher than what a ratable three year would have you have the math turn out to be. And then so we have some of those ranges but we want to stay within a bit of a ratable band identifying as well the backwardation that exists within the curve. And so I think that we'll continue to move forward, continuing to hedge at the prices that we're seeing as we go forward. But I think you'll -- I wouldn't anticipate us to be outside of that ratable range in the near future.
Dan Cregg: Yes, I think that's right. Ross, if you think about what they're doing in Washington essentially is a floor, and to the extent that realized exceeds that then the PTC basically just drifts away as your realized goes up and New Jersey  with plus 10%.
Dan Cregg: Through to '25 is what we -- and the crisp definition with respect to the realized that you apply in determining what the PTC is to get you to that $44 is going to be finalized within the details, but that's our expectation.
Dan Cregg: You're thinking about it exactly right, Michael. So there's -- think about it as incremental draws to fund that. And as that comes back, we would just take out the source that was used to fund in the first license.
Dan Cregg: I wouldn't give you like a single year look because you can have onetime items that would come through. So if you think about this year, we closed the fossil sales, so you're going to have some kind of disruptions in what it normally looks like. I think if I would try to do the math, and it's going to depend year-over-year over the longer term, but you're going to basically take a look at what your delta is within your accelerated depreciation, what the delta is within the rates. There's going to be other pieces that are going to move, but I think those are the two biggest moving pieces that you have. And how much does that 6% buy you going from 21% to 15% compared to the magnitude of what you're getting through the tax benefits that will be taken away that are in your book income. So that's the trade-off and it's going to vary a little bit by year depending upon what capital you're deploying and where you are within the accelerated depreciation .
Dan Cregg: I think it's probably somewhere in between. I think to the extent that you're going to see an incremental payment, you're going to end up having an indefinite carryforward on your credit and basically, that's going to reduce deferred taxes. And so to the extent that deferred taxes end up reducing your rate base when you have a deferred tax liability, it seems like you'd have the potential that -- from a regulatory perspective, you'd have an incremental rate base component on the regulatory side of the business, and that's where most of the capital is. So I think it's still going to play out and see where we end up in the final determination, but somewhere in between.
Dan Cregg: Well, I think ultimately, there's the potential for a lot of pieces, Jeremy. So it's kind of tough to give a really crisp answer. You've got some -- if I think about just a couple of pieces that are going on, you're going to have a PTC on nuclear that's either going to kick in into certain magnitude or not kick in a certain magnitude because you're above or below that floor. So you've got some cash variability there. I think you've got offshore wind, you've got some PTC potential versus ITC and you're going to make your trade off there, which has a different impacts for cash and for book. And then you've got this minimum tax item, which could be an incremental draw on cash. And so I think having the balance sheet strength that we have, we have the ability, obviously, to work through these issues. But I think the incremental financings around the edges would be changing based upon the timing of some of these things when we see any potential minimum tax incremental payments reversing and the timing of any of these credits that come through. So those are the things you would look to. But I think you've got a lot of time between now and final passage to actually figure out what the actual impacts are going to be.
Dan Cregg: Certainly, a favorable item, magnitude of that change to be determined. I think you've -- like we talked about, it could be incremental dollars, it could be a floor which provides stability, which reduces risk, which the agencies would like. So either way, if I think about both the flexibility on the offshore wind as well as the PTC for nuclear, I think both of them are value additive from the standpoint of both of these options that we have on the generation side.
Dan Cregg: I think less on CEF and GSMP and more on last mile. So I think this was the first proposal that we put in front of the BPU to start the long runway of work that we have on the last mile. And we were very pleased with the acknowledgment of that need and the work that we have ahead of us. So I think more than anything else, I would look to the IAP, if it's a signal for anything, it's the acknowledgment of the work that does need to be done on the last mile of the system on a more proactive basis rather than just run to failure.
