Brian Chesky: Yes. Thank you for asking the questions and I’ll start and Dave, you can obviously feel free to elaborate. I’ll just – I’ll start with the second question. We are seeing a lot of resiliency in certain geographies, especially in North America and Europe. What we’ve generally found is that domestic travel globally is pretty strong and that the primary challenge is cross border travel in addition to of course, business travel, but we’re not as affected by business travel reductions. And so countries with really strong domestic travel are seeing more resilience than countries that are not as – that are not as affected by the cross border travel. So that’s the first thing that we’re seeing. And I’m very encouraged by it. now, as far as retention of users that we got last year, we are seeing continued strong retention. There’s no major changes. I think the retention of our user base has historically been strong and it was very strong last year. I’ll just highlight a couple of things. One of the reasons I think our retention is strong is, because people are finding many new use cases to use Airbnb in addition to all the old rates that use that. So, even though borders were closed and international travel is reduced, many people found longer-term stays in Airbnb, because they were working from home. They were flexible. Many people want to get in cars and travel nearby, staying in a local community. And so we’re able to seek that demand as well. And so there’s a number of areas that I think that provide a lot of resiliency for our model. I think it’s inherently adaptable and as our model adapts, that means retention increases, because there are more uses for our guests.
Brian Chesky: Yes, that’s a really good question. I want to really underscore this point, the way – let me kind of – let me say this, travel will come back, but when travel comes back, we believe it’s going to look different than before. We don’t think we’re ever going back to the world of travel in 2019, it’s going to change and it’s going to be different. And probably, the biggest difference we’ve seen is flexibility. A world of Zoom is a world, where more people can work from home and a world, where more people have the flexibility of work from home. We’re seeing more people say they can work for many home on Airbnb. And so we’ve seen a number of new use cases. People are living more nomadically. Some people are taking longer-term stays, one or two months at a time in our Airbnb. People are taking extended three, four-day weekends. So, like many weekends in a row, because they don’t have to be in the physical office. And many people are snowboarding, they’re like essentially living in somewhere cold and they want to go somewhere warm. They have the flexibility to do that. The other thing you’ve mentioned is new people hosting. One of the things we found is that many people like to start hosting at the beginning of a life change. Maybe, somebody has kids and the kids move out of the house. They got some extra bedrooms. Maybe, they were recently unemployed. They recently lost their job, or they’re now living more remotely and their home is more available. So, one of the things that we’re really excited about is as we see more flexibility and more week or month long stays, there’s more empty homes people are leaving behind. And our largest source of hosts in 2019 were prior guests, 23% of our hosts in 2019 were guests first. As we think, there’s big opportunities for us to continue to convert our guests to become hosts. And this new world of flexibility means more empty homes that can be shared.
Brian Chesky: And then on the question of the Olympics, just we are – we are a sponsor of the Olympics and if the Olympics has fans, I think, it would be a great boon to travel. but I don’t think it’s clear this year in Tokyo that we’ll have fans. So, we’ll have to see how that goes. So, I can just comment more broadly about what we’re seeing with travel demand. We did a survey recently of American travelers and we found a couple of things. The first thing we found is that people missed traveling, that’s not surprising, but we also found that people missed traveling more than any other out-of-home activity. People missed traveling more in America than going to a restaurant, going to sports, live music or other activities, but they don’t miss all kinds of traveling. Generally, people don’t miss traveling for business as much, and they generally don’t miss mass tourism. They’re generally not missing standing in a line with selfie sticks in front of a landmark for example, or going to a crowded lobby. the kind of travel that people missed is spending meaningful time that the people they care about, their friends and their families. And so we found that the majority of people we surveyed said, they do plan to travel this year. They will do it as soon as they feel safe to do so. So obviously, that’s going to be pegged a little bit to the health crisis. but we see a lot of enthusiasm and I think the kind of travel that we offer, allows people to be able to connect with our friends and family, because our home is a great way to be able to gather and spend a meaningful quality time and that is very much what we’re focused on. We think this is a huge window of opportunity, this travel rebound, and I think it’s going to be disproportionately our travel rebound that’s not going to be cross border. It’s not going to be business travel. People want to get in cars, they’re going to travel to smaller communities, and they’re also going to be staying in home. So, we are prepared or we’re going to be prepared for that.
Brian Chesky: Yes. Thanks for questioning, Brent. So yes, I’ll talk about experiences and hotels. So with experiences, this is a very important product for us. Experiences are one of the purest manifestations of hosting and connection that we have. I mean, in a sense that is the entire product. You have an experience with a host when you connect with other guests. So, this is really important to us. And what we found statistically is that guests on Airbnb actually life experiences, statistically, more than home. For example, more guests leave a five star review after their experience than they do after a home, as a percentage of – after the reservations. So, we thought last year was going to be a breakout year for experiences, but the opposite happened. We had to put the product on hold with social distancing. So, very quickly pivoted the product to create online experiences, because people couldn’t gather in person. We created one hour activities that you could do from your computer. These were different than Instagram, like videos or YouTube videos. These are actually interactive. So, you actually can connect with a host and you can meet other guests and people are using these, because they’re feeling more isolated and they want to meet other people. And I think as the world starts opening back up, I think we’re very bullish on experiences over the coming years, because when people travel, they’re going to want to do something interesting. And I don’t think they’re all going to desire to go back to getting on double-decker buses and waiting in line and crowded lobbies, or landmarks. they’re going to want to do really interesting activities and I think that’s what our hosts have to offer. And then for people in their own city, I think, you can only sit at home and watch so many shows on Netflix. People will want to get out of their home. And if they want to alternate to a restaurant, I think experiences are a great thing to do in their own city. So, the short answer is that we’re very focused on it. We had to take a bit of a pause last year, but they’re coming back and we’re going to be focused on it, because it’s just another way of hosting. And this is one of many ways that we’re going to continue to allow hosts, to be able to share the world with others. Now, with regards to hotels, this is a little bit of a different story. We made an acquisition of hotel tonight. I’m very proud of the acquisition. I’m very glad we made it. It’s a great team, a great app. It’s one of the most loved hotel booking apps in the world. And we were investing quite heavily in this product. Now, when the crisis happened, we had to scale back certain investments. And one of the investments we scaled back was our investment in hotels, but we ain’t scale back entirely. We still are investing in hotels, just not as much as before. The way we think of hotels is the way essentially we think about property managers on Airbnb. Airbnb is a community of 4 million hosts; 90% are individuals, and they are who we prioritize, that’s where our guests speak, our guests want something that’s one of a kind, and this is typically offered by our individual hosts. But that being said, we never want Airbnb guests to come to Airbnb and not be able to find something they’re looking for. So, we think that hotels in addition to property, managers are really important for our strategy instilling in our network apps. Again, we don’t want anyone to come to Airbnb and beat, because they couldn’t find a place to stay. So, hotels are important. And as we know, most hotels around the world are below 50% occupancy. So, we know they’re in need of demand and Airbnb certainly, can provide that demand for them. So that’s what we’re doing with experiences and hotels, both part of our strategy in the future.
Brian Chesky: Yes. Really, good question. So, let me start with being able to handle the rebound in the face of reductions. And then I’ll go to new use cases, and Dave will fill in as needed. With regards to the reductions, a lot of the reductions have just made us significantly more efficient and be able to handle the rebound. One of the big changes we made – or really, there were two big changes we made. The first big change we made is that we got much more focused. So, it means we scaled back a lot of new investment areas and put our very best people on only a few problems, especially our core of hosting. But the other thing we did is because of that we shifted from a divisional business unit structure to a functional organization. And this reduced lots of people case with the function, instead of having multiple marketing departments, most multiple product departments, multiple operations group, we now have one technology group, one marketing group, one operations group, and this made us not only more efficient being able to turn on a dime much more quickly. So, we are preparing for this next rebound. I think that we are much more efficient. Those reductions will be able to sustain, the one group that that’s up the scale a little more linearly, is customer service. We are scaling that ahead of demand, but making a mistake, even that is going to be significantly more efficient. We hired a woman, who running our operations name Tara Bunch. She ran all customer service at Apple for many years, and she has built a great team, including new leaders for trust and community support. And we are focused on improving efficiency by reducing contact rates. We are very, very focused on reducing the need for people to call us or message us, because they have a problem. If they do have to call us or message us, we are going to focus on making our agents significantly more efficient. So that’s a really big focus area on the reductions. Now, on the new use cases, the short answer is yes, we do believe these new use cases are sustainable. Though we can’t predict the future, we do know a few things to be true. Many of the reasons why people are using Airbnb for new use cases is because technology has digitized so much of the world that we can now do things remotely, we couldn’t do before. So what this means is, because more people can work from home on a laptop, that means they can work out of any home. And so we think in the future, fewer people are going to be tethered to a permanent destination. And even people who are going to take more three-day weekends, they might be more likely to go away for the summer. And we think that in addition to the kind of short-term state, these medium length space a couple of weeks, or even a couple of months, we think these are going to be a really big part of the story. I guess the headline is this; people aren’t just traveling on and live on Airbnb. They’re now living on Airbnb. And I think that’s here to stay. Dave, I’ll hand it over to you.
Brian Chesky: Thank you, Michael. Why don’t I start with simplifying the guest experience and Dave, I can hand it over to you for pricing. So, yes. As we said, to prepare for this travel rebound this summer, we’re doing four things. We’re going to educate the world and Airbnb, what makes them be different, that’s hosting. We’re going to simplify – we’re going to recruit more hosts. We’re going to simplify the guest experience. So, we’re going to deliver world-class service. So, let’s talk about your question simplifying the guest experience. One of the things we know is that as we make something easier, the conversion rate goes up. And so we have a goal that can – to make it even easier to be able to book on Airbnb. So, we’re going to be reducing steps – significantly reducing steps to be able to log in, sign on, get verified, go through the key steps you need to be able to do and be able to find a place on Airbnb. So, we’re looking at the entire end-to-end experience, and we’re going to be doing a bit of a redesign of it over the coming months. I think this is going to be great the next travel season. But the other thing we’re doing, and I want to highlight this, because this is something that I highlight in the very beginning is we’re also changing how Airbnb works, because the whole paradigm that how people search travel is now changed, because today, this year, thus far 40% of people come to Airbnb and they either no longer know, where they’re going or when they’re going, in other words, they’re flexible. And this is a major change, because every travel company has a search box, because people know where they’re going. And so they ask, where are you going? And they have a date and say, check in on this date, check out on that date. This whole new world, that’s much more flexible, means that when people are more open-minded, we can direct demand to where we have supply. And we can actually elevate not just destination, but unique homes that can become the destination. So, we think this is going to change how people search, because it also means that people wouldn’t be more likely to look for something that’s unique and special. And I think that really sets Airbnb up nicely. So that’s what we’re going to do to simplify the guest experience. Dave, I’ll hand over to you.
Brian Chesky: Thank you very much for the question, Jason. I’ll just – yes, I’ll start by saying a couple of things. Number one, travel is one of the largest industries in the world and makes up a significant amount of global GDP as I believe one in 10 new jobs was created in the travel industry before the pandemic. So, the first thing I want you to say is this is such a large market. Its multiples larger than like the advertising industry, just to give you a point of reference. And so we think there’s room for a lot of companies. Now with regards to more competition in our space, I mean, we’ve really been seeing this competition for like the last five years actually. I don’t think it’s really that different. What I have found though is this, I think that fundamentally, Airbnb, we’re in a bit of a different space than our competitors, because Airbnb, we are focused primarily on individual host. They can price 90% of our 4 million hosts. And OTAs are primarily focused on professional hosts. We have professional host as well, and we think professional hosts will probably list on any site that provides a great experience and give them high-quality guests. And we of course, will do that, but we think individual hosts are less likely to want to listen to multiple platforms. We’re the only platform that has a custom built platform designed specifically for individual hosts. We solved a lot of the really hard problems that individual host needs like the system of trust. Individual hosts want to know the quality for example, of their guest, 70% of hosts leave a review of guests after the stay. And that means, for example, a lot of guests actually have reviews. That’s just one of many examples of the kind of custom built platform we’ve made for individual hosts. And so I don’t think competition is anything different, but I also think we’re a bit of a category of one in the sense that we are really focused on the individual host as our primary opportunity area.
Brian Chesky: Thank you for the question, Steven. I’ll answer the first question. I’ll let Dave answer the second. With regards to the question about the gap of awareness between a mature markets and our new markets. Yes. I mean, our brand is extremely strong in countries all over the world. but in particular, United States, France, UK, Australia, Canada, English speaking countries, and then France, I think in particular non-English speaking country. but it’s got an extremely strong kind of culture of using Airbnb over many years. There is absolutely a gap between those and new emerging market. but this is an exciting opportunity, because the biggest gap is awareness. And what we found pretty universally is in nearly every country in the world, once the awareness normalizes, the growth rates and the volume of business gets to be approximately similar. So, the major thing we need to do is just increase awareness for Airbnb in our emerging markets. We’re starting this year with investing more in brand marketing. We’re going to be doing digital advertising all over the world. And I expect in the coming years, we’re going to be targeting key countries that are emerging opportunities for us. We’ve had a lot of success in Japan over the last few years. We’ve been on a really long journey to build that business. We had great success in Mexico, Brazil, numerous countries and different countries all over the world. And I do think we are this near by farthe most global network and all travel. There’s very few corners in the world, where Airbnb doesn’t have a strong community, but I do think that we have a very big opportunity to grow in other countries. And I think in particular, once cross border travel reemerges it, and it will in the coming year, there’s going to be a huge opportunity for us. Dave, I’ll hand you for the second question.
Brian Chesky: Thank you, everyone for joining us today for our first earnings call as a public company. Before I end today, I just want to end by thanking all of you, our shareholders to our early shareholders, thank you for sticking with us and to all of our new shareholders. Thanks for joining us on this journey. It’s just beginning. we look forward to sharing our progress this year with you. Thank you.
Dave Stephenson: Yes, I think you’ve covered really well. I’ll just round it out by saying that we’ll continue to use performance marketing, where it makes economic sense to do so. It’s absolutely important level and we’ll absolutely continue to do it. We’re just going to have a higher rate of return expectation on the performance marketing spend and we’ll return to the levels that we saw in 2019. Our sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue in 2021 will be below that of 2019. The absolute dollars in 2021 will be below that of 2019. And I guess I’ll run this out by saying that, because of the marketing campaign that made possible by hosts as launching now and in advance of the summer travel season, you’re going to see sales and marketing as a percentage of revenue higher than the first half of this year that you are in the second half.
Dave Stephenson: Yes. I’ll just round it out by saying; the overall number of active listening to experiences was relatively stable in Q4 relative to Q3 at about $5.6 million. So we actually haven’t seen a substantial amount of deactivations, it’s been very stable and for all the reasons that Brian said earlier, we’re optimistic that we’ll continue to be adding new hosts in the future, just given all of the tailwinds of the kind of macroeconomic factors that we have going around the world. As far as margin targets, one of the things we’re really proud of is the progress we’ve made on our profitability efficiency over 2020, right. We’ve made substantial reductions in our fixed costs. We will not be having to add back fixed costs to support a business that will again, approach 2019 levels and beyond. And so our fixed cost discipline is great and we’ll continue. And then we saw really great improvement in our variable cost efficiency across the P&L. And when you actually removed in Q4, remove the one-time impacts and stock-based compensation relative to the IPO, or our costs are down in every category across our P&L. And it’s that discipline at very low expenses, things like cost of payments, community support expenses, infrastructure expenses, all the way down that we’re proud of. And what we would like to – expect to achieve over time is 30% EBITDA margins or greater. And this has just accelerated our path towards those long-term margin targets. I’d love to give you on specific targets for 2021, but it’s just too hard to know what our revenue is going to be. And so therefore kind of a flow through to profitability, we’re seeing that our revenue rates in Q1 will be better than the revenue growth rates in Q4. But we just don’t have a lot of visibility in the back half of the year to give you a lot of guidance on profitability right now.
Dave Stephenson: Sure. Yes. I don’t have a lot of color that I can give you on summer travel bookings. I mean, one thing, which I can say is that people are booking in shorter windows. So, the greatest growth we’re seeing in the business right now are booking windows in less than 30 days and typically, kind of pre-COVID, you’re right. We’d be seeing much more of the bookings now it had for the summer travel season, and that is delayed relative to kind of historic patterns. We’re seeing some bright spots as in a little bit of a bright spot in the UK, dragging some summer travel bookings here in Q1. but I really don’t have a more color that I can give to you on summer expectations. We just know that we want to be ready for the travel rebound when it occurs. We just don’t know exactly when it will occur.
Dave Stephenson: Yes. I’ll keep the things at round out is that we’re – I’m very happy with the underlying progress we’ve made in our operations support area, in terms of improving the efficiency there. We are making some investments in it in 2021, that’s going to mask some of the underlying progress that we get to see internally. And the other thing that was happening as Brian said, we’re making sure that we’re ready for the rebound when it occurs, which means that we are going to be investing slightly more earlier in the year to make sure that we have all the support ready for a return to travel and being optimistic that it will return soon. And so with relatively more revenue in the first half than the second half, our operations support expenses, as a percent of revenue will be – sorry, it will be a little bit higher in the first half and the second half.
Dave Stephenson: In regards to ADR, we did see elevated rates of – average daily rate in Q4 was up 13% year-over-year. We’re seeing almost all of that is just a form of mix. It’s a mix towards North America, which has higher ADR, entire homes and less urban areas, each of which are – have higher average daily rates. So, we’re actually not seeing new hosts, increased the rate of inflation of the same property year-over-year. I’m sure some are doing it, but we’re not seeing it a material level overall.
Dave Stephenson: Yes. I mean, we process 100% of the guests payments on Airbnb and it’s super-powerful, individual hosts would not be able to host without us processing those payments for us. So, if you look at competitors that have substantially lower penetration of payments, it is a definite pinpoint for individuals, because it’s not like they can do it on their own. And it also does other benefit that as we add more payment methods in, as Brian said, 140 countries across the globe. We keep working on ways to localize these payment methods in all the different countries. The payment methods and customs in Brazil are different than those of Russia; they’re different than those in France, different than those in the United States. And so we really want to localize these payment methods and we get a double benefit of that. One is, we often decrease our costs by being more local and the second is often to increase our conversion. So, those are all great benefits.
Dave Stephenson: Great. On fees, it’s just important that we charge a really fair price for stays in Airbnb and we continue to have a great value. We believe that we do have a great value there. You can have a whole home for the price of a typical hotel, is the other way when we look at our fees, we want to make sure that those fees are great value to both guests and to hosts and we do have a mix of those fees. In some cases, we have a mix of a low host fee and a higher guest fee. And then for some of our professional hosts, we’ll have a host only fee and all of it is on the host side. And so we’ll see a mix. The mix could change over time. We continue to test and evolve to see what works best for our guests, our hosts, and we’ll just continue to evolve and iterate to make sure that we provide the best value to the overall community. Overall, kind of the philosophy is, as we give more back to the community in terms of services and capability than we would – could see opportunities for further increases uptake rate. But we would always want to give more back to the community before we would increase that take rate.
Dave Stephenson: On the mix of new guests, it has been a great opportunity to introduce Airbnb to new driving 50 miles down the road [Technical Difficulty]. So, I would say that the rebound of our business has still been skewed moderately back towards existing guests, guests that know all about Airbnb and all the benefits that we have. So, we think it’s been a great opportunity to expose it. But I wouldn’t say that the – it’s disproportionately been new guests coming into Airbnb now. But at the same time, I think we are just becoming more of a mainstream opportunity for people that it’s no longer the alternative. We really are the default. On occupancy rates, occupancy is kind of Brian mentioned earlier is just an area that can flux over time that, we can also get drive up the occupancy of the existing property. So, we don’t need to necessarily increase the number of listings to drive incremental nights, but it is an opportunity that as we get more nights, we can also bring in people that are more flexible in the times like if they’re traveling for a week, maybe they only use their home for a whole week. So, occupancy is probably not the best measure of performance on Airbnb, because if you’re an individual host, it’s not like you want to constantly drive up the use of your existing home. You just want to make sure that the home is available some part of the time during the year.
Dave Stephenson: Sure. Urban is still a really important part of our business. We have over 40% of our nights are still are urban and it’s just the non-urban and low density urban is the place, where we’re seeing the greater growth right now. So, it’s still a really important part. And as probable returns that we’re going to find is there are number of hotels that actually aren’t going to be coming back online anytime soon. Brian also talked about the redistribution of a bit of travel, where people are going to go to some smaller communities that may not even have hotels. And so as this mix that’s going to be kind of changing over time and as travel rebounds, I think we’ll see continue to see nice growth in the non-urban and low density urban, and urban comes back, that would just be another tailwind for us.
