Brian Chesky: Yes, the listing type mix shift is just simply the mix of types of listings, either geographic type of size of home location, that's right in the mix. And so ADRs coming up due to that. And it's also being coming up in the third quarter driven by foreign exchange.
Brian Chesky: Yes, that's Mario. I can answer that. We always want to make sure that we're providing the very best value for our guests. We identified this is a huge opportunity where we could drive incremental conversion by taking take rates down after the third month. And we saw some really great results. That being said, I do not expect our take rates to change materially. There may be some segments or trip types or geographies where we would want to take it down, but that could be offset by other areas that could come up. And so generally, I would expect it to be pretty stable. And the way that we're going to see margin expansion is by launching incremental services for guests and hosts over the coming years.
Brian Chesky: Yes. Hey, Jed, I can start and I'll hand over to Dave. So our supply, I mean, let me just back up, our supply has actually been really, really strong. You might remember that being a COVID, we were, we flagged this as something we need to work on. That's why we created an initiative called mainstreaming hosting. And the results have been very successful. In fact, supply growth is growing 19% year-over-year. And in fact, urban is actually growing faster in vacation. Urban is growing 20% whereas vacation is growing 19%. So that is pretty stable. And as far as the number of individual hosts versus what we describe as professional hosts, around 90% of our hosts remain individuals. I'll hand over to Dave.
Brian Chesky: Yes, maybe I'll just add one thing about marketing is just, it's a full funnel approach. And last year we got 600,000 articles written about us. So people talk a lot about Airbnb. And now I think what you're also seeing is social media, whether it's the only on program Barbie or just generally every means social media is just a topic of conversation. I think that is just a testament to when you invest in a brand, when your brand's a noun and a verb, and you have something unique, you get a lot of those benefits. And I think it's going to be consistent and we'll have pretty consistent marketing expenses to send a revenue over time because of the strength of the brand.
Brian Chesky: Yes, so I'll take the first question and I'll hand over to Dave. On affordability, our prices have, have obviously risen since pre-pandemic and the growth has been incredible in the business is nearly about twice the size that was pre-pandemic. That being said, in the long run, Airbnb started as an affordable alternative to hotels. And I think that we always have to remember that for every dollar people spend on Airbnb, they spend as much as many as $10 in the world on hotels. So we're still a very small player in a very large market. And I think that one of our big opportunities is to make sure we continue to be affordable. Last year, we got a lot of feedback from the community that Airbnb wasn't as affordable as it used to be. So we made a bunch of changes. We highlighted some of these in my opening remarks. What we've seen though, since then, I'll answer your question. People, the book prices on Airbnb, on average, are lower than the listed prices. So we do see people gravitating towards more affordable stays listed in Airbnb. It's partly why we launched a feature called similar listings, which help us see the listings that we're getting booked. And what hosts I think discovered was the most popular listings that made the most money offered many times the very best value. And so this was, in a sense, a win-win for guests in the house by really trying to build better tools. I also just want to point out one thing, which is our prices are essentially flat year by year. I think they're about 1% up year-over-year, but in North America, our prices are now down 1%. Now, when you take out mixed shifts, because people are booking larger homes, our prices in North America are actually down 4%. And if you compare it to hotels, depending upon which data you take, hotels are up some between 4% or as much as 10%. And it seems like hotels are suggesting, based on some of the public remarks, that they aren't going to come down. In fact, those prices might come up. So to answer your question, I think people come to Airbnb for one of the kindspaces at great value. And if we can keep prices very affordable, and then also focus on reliability, I think there's going to be a lot of demand to come.
Brian Chesky: And I think I'll just add that, I think that we found that as we get more efficient, we actually grow faster. So I think being incredibly disciplined, incredibly focused, incredibly lean has actually been great for growth.
Brian Chesky: Hey, Steven, thanks for the question. It's one of my favorite questions. What are we going to do next? Let me just start and back up. I just want to recap today how I think about this whole space. Before we talk about Expand Beyond the Core, I just want to say one thing about the Core, which is that the hotel industry is more than about 10 times the size of Airbnb. And I think that almost anyone that stays in a hotel could consider staying in an Airbnb. I mean, the spaces are one of a kind. They're often better value, but we need to make sure that we continue to drive value. And I think the next big focus for Airbnb is reliability. We can make Airbnb even nearly as reliable in many markets and hotels. I think you're going to open up a whole new generation of travelers to Airbnb. So I think there's a lot more runway just in the core business. I think we're only scratching the surface, and that's partly why we are so focused on perfecting our core. Now, beyond that, let's talk about what's next, starting from the most nearest adjacencies out international. One of the things we've seen is that Airbnb has a lot of, we've got a lot of scale in the United States, and we've got a lot of scale in top markets in Europe, but actually, Airbnb is under-penetrated in most countries around the world. Just to give you an example, a couple years ago, a few years ago, we were concerned about the lack of penetration we had in Germany. We were also pretty nascent in Brazil. Since the beginning of the pandemic, Brazil is more than double the size, and Germany is more than 60% larger. And Germany is on track now to be one of the largest countries in the world on Airbnb. So we're going to take that playbook, and we're going to bring it to Asia, and we're starting with Japan and Korea. But Asia Pacific is a frontier. It's a huge opportunity for growth. I think that is just one of many markets, including Latin America. And the other thing I should point out within Europe is, beyond UK, beyond France, beyond some of the really top markets, there's a lot of countries in Europe where we're not actually that penetrated. So there's a lot of international expansion. Next would be longer stays. Before the pandemic, only 13% of our business was for monthly stays. Now it's 18%, and it's stable, and we don't think it's going down. In fact, I think this is a huge opportunity. I think all you have to believe is Zoom is here to stay to believe flexibility is here to stay. If you believe that, you're going to see a lot more people either living nominally or some people traveling for the summer, going away for the winter, or extend to weekends, which is a whole new category between travel and housing. So I think that is probably one of the most underrated markets in Airbnb. You have experiences. I thought experiences were going to have a breakout before the pandemic, and instead we had to put them on hold. But the thing we've learned is that people love experiences. 95% of reviews that are left for experiences end in a five-star review. And for our core business homes, it's 84%. So that means that people on a statistical basis like experience even more than homes. And so we think that product is being – is ready to scale. And so I've been spending a lot of time. I think you're going to see some growth in the years to come. And I'll just add a couple more things. And let me preface this by saying I don't usually like to foreshadow new things before we launch them. I got to get you to tune into our releases, which we do every May and November. But there's a lot of service opportunities on guests and hosts. I think that, whether it's Eats, Amazon, or Etsy, or Alibaba, they've shown there's an entire suite of services that you can offer for hosts. I know I get a lot of questions about paid placement, which is absolutely on the table. But there's many other services as well for hosts. And then in guest services, think about all the services you could get in a hotel or at a resort. And then think of all the services that a hotel couldn't maybe afford to offer because they're at sub-scale. But Airbnb, in many markets, we've got a lot of critical scale. So these are just some of the – I would just even call it near-term opportunities. But we do have some pretty big ideas. I think AI is basically like a once-in-a-generation platform shift, probably bigger than the shift to mobile, probably more akin to something like the Internet as far as what it can do for new businesses and new business opportunities. And I think that it is a huge opportunity for us to really be in the leading edge of innovation. So that's what we're doing. I'm very, very excited about it. And I will just say that we made a lot of progress the last three years, building a strong business, being profitable. But my strength as CEO is really about expanding beyond the core. So this is where I think we're going to be entering our sweet spot in the coming years to come.
Brian Chesky: Let me start with the booking trends. What we saw was – what we shared in the letter, which is that the global booking trends increased from 10% growth year-over-year in April to 15% in June. And if you remember what we saw on Q2 was a hard comparison year-over-year, specifically driven by Europe, where there were delayed bookings in 2022 that compressed more bookings into Q2. That pressure moderated through the quarter, which is the primary reason why we're seeing that acceleration. And interestingly, we actually saw acceleration in total [growth on both book] from Q1 to Q2 in North America. And so I think that was telling about just the strength and resiliency of the North American consumer. And we're continuing to see that strength lead into Q3, which is why we're forecasting further acceleration of Knight's growth from Q2 into Q3. We're seeing great growth in Asia Pacific, as we called out in the letter, over 80 percent growth in APAC. And I'm really pleased with our growth in Latin America. It's twice the size that it was pre-COVID, and it's growing really nicely. And then in terms of the pricing tools, I think that we have seen a number of positive impacts from our pricing tools. As we talked about earlier, in North America, ADR actually being down 1 percent year-over-year when excluding the impact of mixed, it's actually down 4%. I don't think we've seen the full impact of all of those. I think we're going to continue to improve and make the pricing tools better for our hosts. And then to make it more transparent for what the prices are that they should charge so that they know what a competitive rate is. And I think we'll continue to make sure that we're providing great value, because while our prices are either moderating or even coming down, that's in the face of other competing platforms actually increasing rates. And so I think the value gap continues to grow, which just shows the benefit of booking on Airbnb expanding.
Brian Chesky: I think you hit it. Well, I'll just reinforce a couple of things. I mean, step one in 80s markets is make sure that we well localized the product. Usually the product can be very consistent globally, but often payment methods are areas where we need to make sure that we're being very localized. And then this full funnel approach is key. Making sure that we have all of the elements, social, NPR, celebrity and brand and search engine marketing. We often start in some of these markets with just the search engine marketing, but that's too narrow and we need the full funnel to see the effect. And I think when we have that full funnel approach, you get the results that we're seeing in Brazil and Germany. That's why we're expanding that on to Asia for both like Japan and South Korea. And then I'll even go back to the potential initiatives for loan because I think it's important to double click on the fact that you have to remember that the majority of our hosts are individual hosts and the things that we need to build are for those individuals So for example, adding advertising, we have to be mindful that we don't just add something like that that can disproportionately benefit professional hosts over individuals and take the balance of the marketplace out of balance. And I think it's really important to do that because that's what's unique and different about Airbnb. We're not built on the backs of professional hosts. We're glad they're there. We're glad they're part of the ecosystem, but it's even more important that we support our individual host community.
Brian Chesky: Sure, we absolutely measure the price elasticity of our pricing and we see a good benefit from lower pricing driving increased nights overall. I think, obviously, affordability is super important in people's minds all around the world. We definitely see it specifically in North America where while calendar prices have increased, that is the average price available on Airbnb have gone up, the booking prices of what people are actually booking are declining. So that just shows you the desire for people to have great value. In North America specifically, what we saw was it was down 1% year-of-year, but like for like, so that means the same property on average, excluding mix of size, location, and type was actually down 4%. So on a like for like basis our ADRs in North America is actually down 4%. And that's very different than what we're seeing the hotel industry kind of touting increases of six to 10% or more. So that's where the gap in value continues to widen. 
Brian Chesky: Again, yes, I'll start. So I think affordability and our prices have to be taken into account relative to the rest of the market. Obviously inflation is up, most everything in the world is more expensive today than it was a year ago. And I presume that will be the case next year this time. We know, for example, that while our price in North America like for like or down 4% hotels are at least 4% higher in some estimates are they might even be approaching double digits higher. And based on recent comments I've been hearing, I think they expect for prices to continue to go up. So if we live in a world where Airbnb prices do not go up and the even remain flat or stable and hotels continue to rise, then Airbnb continues to become more affordable relative to hotels, which are still much larger audience than Airbnb. But that brings up a different question, which is, how do you balance the right prices for guest and host? It's good to the marketplace. And so we have hosts, these aren't just suppliers we have no relationship with. So our goal is not to drive down prices as low as possible. The prices have to find a balance between the very best affordability for guests while still making sure a host can make any meaningful income and it's still really valuable income for them to earn. Now, one of the things we've seen is there's a lot of sensitivities you can look at that we can show hosts that when you lower your prices to a point, you actually will get more business because most hosts have very low occupancy. They're not like hotels. A hotel is usually booked like 20, 25 nights a month. Maybe some hotels are booked 30 days a month. Most hosts are not booked most nights. And so the big deal is that they lower the price just a little bit. They will add more bookings, more nights and they'll end up making more money. There's a point where they lower it so much though that it's no longer worth their while. And that is the secret sauce for us to be able to perfectly balance supply and demand to make sure that both sides it's working for them. And I think that equilibrium, that balance between guests and hosts, that kind of is one of our secret sauces. 
Brian Chesky: Hey Tom, I'll take the first one. So long-term stays are 18% of our nights book. Long-term stays obviously defined by a month or longer. And as I mentioned before, they were around 13% before the pandemic. Now, it's very hard to predict exactly how it will change in the next one, two, three, four quarters from now. So I'm not going to make a prediction about where 18% might be in Q4 or next Q1. But what I can say with a fair amount of confidence is I think in the next decade, it's going to be a lot higher than 18%. I think the overall wins are towards longer and longer stays. And the reason why is because more than ever in any time in human history, you've got hundreds of millions of people and one day, perhaps more than a billion people that have a job via laptop that has some incremental flexibility that did not exist 10 or 20 years ago. Think about the number of people that are young that don't have a family and can actually work from a laptop and move around. Then you have people of families that have kids in school that can't do that, but their kids aren't in school in the summer. So you're going to see more and more people still go away from the summer. Many people are thinking about going away for the winter. People are moving away from headquarters, but they might come back, give a work for extended periods. So I think this basic thing we think is going to happen is there's going to be a lot more flexibility in the future. And I think there's going to be a category that is not travel and it's not classic housing, housing as in one year leases or real estate. There's going to be a category in between. And it doesn't even really have a name, but our stays of 30 days are longer. I mean, that is around 100 million nights booked a year. So that is actually a major new category of business that didn't really exist in a meaningful way when we started Airbnb. And if anyone in the world wants to book a stay of a month or longer, and they're going to book site on scene, so they're going to book a place they can't visit and do a tour ahead of time, I think Airbnb is going to be the leading place to do. And there really isn't another global player that you can do with this. So ultimately, I can't predict the short term, but the long term, we're very bullish. And we actually have a lot more features and upgrades in this area of monthly stays that I think will increase adoption. And also to be able to get people that only want to host on a monthly basis to come on Airbnb, that would actually unlock lots of new listings. Dave, I'll hand over to you. 
Brian Chesky: All right, everyone. Well, thank you for joining us today. I just want to recap. Revenue was $2.5 billion, that's 18% higher than a year ago. Net income and adjusted EBITDA were both Q2 records. And our trailing 12-month pre-cash flow was $3.9 billion. Now, this represents a free cash flow margin of 43%. We've made a tremendous amount of progress in the first half of the year, but in many ways we're just getting started. In November, we will share a new set of features and upgrades as part of our 2023 winter release. I'm proud to be accomplishing you too. And I look forward to sharing more with you next quarter.
David Stephenson: Yes, on the marketing back half, I mean, our marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue we expect to remain relatively flat year-over-year on a total year basis from 2023 over 2022. We did pull forward more marketing to the first half of the year relative to the second half this year. We've been really pleased with the results. So I mean, remember that 90% of our traffic remains direct or unpaid. I think that's an important differentiator versus others. And then when we do things like the Barbie dream house and other big, events like that, we're able to kind of drive more awareness about Airbnb about the uniqueness of our offerings. And this is a powerful strategy for our marketing.
David Stephenson: And then in terms of profitability, I'm just really proud of our continued progress of increasing our overall margins over time. We made some hard choices in the midst of COVID to reduce our fixed costs, get back to the core, and focus on our overall profitability. The major shifts of things like our marketing expenses that we just talked about, where 90% of our traffic remains direct or unpaid, it gives us a lot of leverage for improving our overall profitability. And we're going to continue to do that this year. We continue to make great improvements in our overall variable costs, things like operations and support costs, or community support, infrastructure costs, etc. And then we've just been doing an excellent job of being very judicious with our fixed cost growth. So we've moderated our headcount growth overall. We're growing modestly, and we're investing behind the things that matter most for our guest center hosts. And I think that focus is actually enabling us to deliver even more innovations, as Brian talked about on the call, like, and we've had over 500 improvements to Airbnb in the last several years. And so we're going to continue to manage our fixed costs closely, focusing on the things that matter. So for the back half of the year, we feel confident we're going to be able to exceed our EBITDA margins over the prior year.
David Stephenson: Yes, I think what we're seeing in the near term for Q3 is what we've included here. We're anticipating it to be up year-over-year driven by foreign exchange and the mix shift of larger homes and geographic mix. I think over time, because we're seeing things like Latin America growing nicely, Asia growing nicely and more of cross-border travel, you could see some moderation of our ADRs over time, but again, we're talking moderation, we're talking a percentage point in our here or there. We have better visibility into Q3 right now, which thinks it's going to be up year over year, longer term, it could be flat-ish to maybe moderately down over time, but at the same time, we keep predicting that ADRs are going to decrease and each quarter, it's been amazingly resilient throughout the last few number of quarters, so I don't have much more to say beyond that.
David Stephenson: Yes. I don't have a specific point of view on the student loan forgiveness and impact on guidance. I think what we're seeing is that in the face -- people keep waiting for the economic shoe to drop and get concerned about whether or not people are willing to travel and whether the economy is going to have a drag on our overall results. And it's just not what we're seeing. We're seeing a strong resilience in travel that people are prioritizing, travel over other things. And all the work that we're doing to make sure that we're providing great value and even either moderating or having prices come down just gives us greater value relative to alternatives, which I think is the tailwind on why we're continuing to, by all of our estimates, gain share of total accommodation nights, both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. 
David Stephenson: Yes, thanks for the question, EBITDA margins I am really proud of our progress towards it. We've made some substantial progress based on things like the change in our marketing approach, improvements in variable costs or fixed cost leverage. Also remember that the higher average daily rates have helped our overall margins and kind of accelerated overall profitability. That said, we are in growth mode. I'm really not focused on optimizing margins. I'm proud of the fact that we can grow well and drive great profitable growth, but we are focused on growth. I think the extent that we'll expand our margins over time, I think the biggest opportunity to be with some of the services that Brian mentioned earlier in the call, as we add guests to our host services, I think that will increase the lovers of revenue that we can gain and much of that revenue will flow through to kind of higher overall profitability. But all that said, I don't have a new long-term target. I'm just proud of the fact that we've been able to deliver the profitability we have as quickly as we have.
David Stephenson: Thanks Mark. Yes, absolutely, it is both. I think it's timing. I think in the near term, I mean, remember that we actually use a fair amount of AI right now on the product. Like we do it for our party prevention technology, a lot of our matching technologies, while the underlying technologies we have, actually AI driven, it's not so much Gen AI, which is such a huge kind of future opportunity. I think we'll see more leverage in our fixed cost space. So needing fewer people to do more work overall. And so I think that that's going to help both on our fixed costs and some more variable costs. So you'll see us be able to automate more customer service contacts over time. So in the near term, I think you'll see, this is one of the things that we're going to be able to benefit from on our fixed and variable cost leverage. And then over more time, and I think it would be great to have Brian chime in on our future approach with Gen AI, would be how do we even make the service better for our guests and our hosts? I think there's a huge unlock there, but it may take a little more time. 
