Brian Chesky: Yes, I'm here. How are you doing? Yes. So I'm very excited about Airbnb Rooms, because Airbnb Rooms is one of the most affordable ways to travel on Airbnb. We've been doing a lot of listening to guests on Airbnb. And one of the things they told us is, especially in this economic environment, they are looking for affordable ways to travel on Airbnb. And the average price of Airbnb Rooms is $67 a night. So it's an incredible value. And what we wanted to do is offer a product that we thought could capture this affordability segment that we think more and more people are going to be interested in, in this economy and also launch a product that will be very relevant to the next generation of travelers. Essentially, I wanted to launch a product that the 26-year-old me would have wanted. And we looked at our private rooms product, and we already had 1 million listings all over the world, but there was a bit of an obstacle. During the pandemic, people weren't comfortable staying with one another. And to get people more comfortable, we realized that we needed to help people understand the host they're staying with before they book. And so that's why we launched the Airbnb Host Passport. I think this is going to help a lot of people that are looking to save money and are interested in the local travel experience, be encouraged to stay in Airbnb Rooms. We also added new privacy features to understand if there's a lock in the bedroom door, if the bathroom is private. And we think all these different features are going to definitely help Airbnb Rooms. The final thing I'm going to say, Eric, is that we have a major brand campaign coming this summer, where we are going to be promoting Airbnb Rooms. If we are successful, I think this is going to bring in a whole new cohort of younger travelers, people that maybe weren't inclined to travel may now be able to travel and hopefully should list the overall marketplace for Airbnb.
Brian Chesky: Yes. And Mark, I'll just share a little bit about Brazil and Germany. So Airbnb is one of the most international companies in the world. We're in 220 countries and regions. And many years ago, we developed a playbook to expand internationally outside the United States. And that playbook included PR, included having some people on the ground, although generally, in many these markets only need that. It included a brand marketing campaign and made sure that our product was adequately localized. And it's just a really full funnel approach. And now we've added social media and influencers as well. So recently, over the course of the pandemic, we were not as focused on international expansion. And that's because we're mainly focused on recovery and some of the new travel segments like longer-term stay. Over the last 3 years, obviously, as you know, we've gotten really, really focused, back to basics and our company is significantly more profitable. Now we've done over $3.8 billion in trailing 12-month free cash flow. So we feel like now is a really good time to focus on international expansion. So we started with Germany and Brazil. And again, it was full funnel. It involved a lot of PRs. It involve brand marketing, bringing our marketing ad campaigns to pricing in the United States to these markets, localizing our product and working with local influencers. So it's a pretty full funnel approach. The results have been incredibly positive. These are now 2 of our fastest-growing markets. So we're now looking at bringing this playbook to other markets around the world. And I'll give you a couple of examples. Number one is Asia Pacific. We think there's a huge opportunity in Asia. We're massively underpenetrated. This is going to be probably the fastest-growing market internationally over the next 5 years. And the problem with Asia historically over the last few years is Asia market, as you know, is a very much cross-border market. And with the borders being historically kind of locked down and there hasn't been as much travel, the recovery in Asia has been delayed. Now people are starting to travel, and Asia disproportionately has a lot of young travelers. And Airbnb, as you know, is very popular among the young travelers. So we think Japan, Korea, China, India and Southeast Asia are going to be huge opportunities for growth. Next is Europe. We're very big in France. We're very big in the U.K. We're now seeing great growth in Germany. But there's a lot of markets in Europe. We haven't ever really run robust brand marketing campaigns. Now we're getting more aggressive in Italy. We're getting more aggressive in Spain, and we're now looking at other markets in Northern Europe. And I think there's actually a lot of greenfield in Europe because we've really only focused on a few of the really big markets. And when we see we focus the big markets like France and U.K., we are now really strong. And I think we can have similar penetration in other countries in Europe. And then finally is Latin America. We're seeing a lot of growth in Brazil, and we're now going to bring it to some other really large markets, like Colombia and some other markets within Latin America. So I think international is going to be a pretty big boom to growth over the next 2, 3 years. The one thing I've learned about Airbnb is no matter how different every country is, the playbook doesn't have to vary that much. It works quite well in every market. And especially, it works with Airbnb because it's very much a cross-border network effect business.
Brian Chesky: Yes. Richard, why don't I start at a high level? I think our long-term growth is going to only be as strong as our supply. If we were to back out, what happened in 2020, 2021, as that demand grew faster than supply. And initially, this was a great thing. But the problem is when demand grows faster than supply and there's supply constraints, prices generally go up. And as prices have risen, while that's been good for the bottom line, affordability in this economy is a major issue. And so one of the most important things we can do to make Airbnb affordable is to make sure we have enough supply in the platform. And so a year ago, we identified supply growth as a major strategic initiative that we really needed to accelerate, and we created an initiative called Mainstreaming Hosting. The idea is we wanted hosting to be as mainstream as traveling. And we did a number of things. We said, in order to mainstream hosting, we need to make it safe, easy and cool. So we launched AirCover, which is top to bottom protection. No one else offers it. They're going to be set up, and we did some marketing campaigns for the first time in many years. We've since seen, as you know, 900,000 incremental listings. It's now accelerating every single quarter since the IPO. And I think what's going to happen is all the supply coming out of the market will keep prices from going up. My hope is that while the hotel CEOs have said, they expect demand to drive prices up this summer, we want to actually have prices moderate. We think that's going to bring in a whole new generation of travelers to Airbnb. So ultimately, I think that like -- that's a very, very important consideration of the marketplace. The more affordable we are -- just like Amazon, the more affordable we are with a wider selection, the more people will come to Airbnb. So that's the high level. Now with regard to total price, this is primarily a U.S. issue. But in the U.S., as you know, there was a bit of an issue where some hosts had higher cleaning fees. And we heard a lot from guests. And I think what the total price display is going to do, it's going to push demand to listings that are -- have an overall better value of a total price. And when people turn on the price toggle, we see that people are booking listings with lower cleaning fees or no cleaning fees. And I think this is going to have a really good practice in the marketplace of driving the demand to the best value listings, rewarding those hosts and making sure every single host remains competitive. So it's just beginning. We set a pilot in December. It's now available to everyone, so we'll have to see how this plays out in the coming months. But what my expectation is based on our release last week, we launched a lot of features around affordability. We have many more -- much more affordable monthly stay products. Hosts now have monthly stay discounts, weekly stay discounts. We allow hosts to set more competitive prices. We're going to continue to add supply. And hopefully, this is going to continue to address the number one request of travelers, which is affordable offer since.
Brian Chesky: And I can just take the first question, which is what we're seeing, Brian, is that people are most price sensitive, at least currently in North America, especially United States. And in the United States, the lowest price listings have the highest occupancy. So yes, people do want low price listings. And we expect that as Airbnb rates continue to normalize, and hopefully, our rates do not increase as fast to hotels over the next couple of years that we're going to see continued increase in occupancy for more listings in Airbnb and also is partly why we're so bullish about the prospect for Airbnb Rooms, not just to bring people to Airbnb that want affordable options, but really new travelers that have never really traveled very much before, especially Gen Z.
Brian Chesky: Yes, Ron, I mean, great, great questions. Just to kind of step back, before the pandemic, we were really already focused on expanding beyond the core. In fact, we had 10 different divisions at Airbnb. We added a Home division. We had an Experience division. We had a Transportation division. We had a Magazine division. So we had a lot of efforts. And then obviously, the pandemic occurred, and we had to get focused back to basics. And what we wanted to do over the last few years is before we work on new things, we wanted to perfect our core service. One of the great source of inspiration I had was Apple. And I remember in the mid-2000s, it was 2006, and Apple had not yet launched the iPhone, but how many of us wanted Apple to come out with a phone? And the answer is a lot of people. And the reason people wanted Apple to expand their phone is because they love their iPod. But how many of us wanted gateway to come out with a phone? And the answer is probably not many, because we didn't love our gateway computer. And so I think that one of the things I've told our team is we have numerous expansion opportunities, but we need permission to expand beyond our core. We need people to first love our core service. So that's why over the last 3 years, we've been focused on really perfecting our core service. That being said, our core service is stronger than ever. It's more profitable than ever. And I think we're now ready to expand beyond the core. So as we speak, we are working actively on new products and services. These new products and services are going to be shipping. Beginning next year, you're going to see a number of things ship next May as part of the 2024 Summer Release. And we're going to see even more things shift later in the year and the years to come. Now obviously, there's a lot of opportunities. There's guest services, there's host services. I'm not going to go into a lot of detail. You obviously will have to tune in to talk. But I think it is important to note that I think that the biggest idea Airbnb has are in front of us. I don't want to think that the biggest idea I ever had when I was 26 working [indiscernible] my 2 cofounders. I think that there's so much more Airbnb can offer. And part of it is just making sure we continue to learn more, build robust profile, build an extensible platform model, continue to increase trust in the platform. And then what we can do is go into adjacencies within our core, but then including that, expand beyond the core. So I think you're going to see a lot of new opportunities. With regards to Experiences, I remain bullish about the product. I think there is a massive opportunity for someone to build a huge product around Experiences. Whether it's us and whether we're able to execute that product, we still have to prove that. One of my great investors -- one of our early investors is Marc Andreessen. He said there's no bad ideas, just ideas that are too early. And a lot of life is timing and experiences. I think when we launched in 2016, it launched right like leading into the pandemic. It was probably early. I think the timing is probably now better. But we did as we decided, let's take a pause on new submissions. Let's retool the product and hopefully put out something that is even more relevant to this next generation that are looking for things to do. So I remain really bullish on all of this.
Brian Chesky: I always believe that the best loyalty program is people loving your products. And if they love your products, they come back. And I think that's the reason why nearly 90% of our traffic is direct to organic, and we have really strong rebooker rate. So I mean we haven't needed to have a loyalty program to have really good loyalty on Airbnb because people really love the experience. And ultimately, I think it's just a matter of continuing to innovate. Ultimately, we're in the inspiration business. People want to have good trips, and the best trip wins. And whatever company is most focused on listing the customer feedback, innovating as quickly as possible and taking giant leaps and experiences, I think it's going to be the most successful. So we're really bullish about this. Now that being said, for years, we've looked at a loyalty program. And I don't think a classic point program, which is essentially a subsidy to buy loyalty is the right approach for us. But we do think there's really compelling, interesting ways to reward our very best guests and something we've been actively thinking about.
Brian Chesky: Nick, I can start. So I mean, I think part of our secret sauce is our ability to really try to elegantly balance supply and demand. One of the great things we've seen is the marketplace has a natural equilibrium that it finds in itself. For example, the fastest-growing markets of supply are also turned out to be the fastest-growing market for demand. So if demand creates supply, what ends up happening is a lot of these individual hosts get booked. They start making a bunch of money, obviously. The vast majority of them get booked within days of listing. And what ends up happening is they tend to open up more nights. They tell their friends about it and then supply increases. But we've also found a number of tactics. In fact, performance marketing is a very important way that we balance supply and demand. Other companies tend to use it as an arbitrage business to buy a lot of customers. We have never thought of it that way. We think of supply performance marketing really as a laser, to laser in on balancing supply and demand in markets all over the world. And frankly, the more supply we add, the more we think we're going to have really great value listings that will ultimately attract more demand. So I think we're able to balance this out throughout the coming year.
Brian Chesky: Yes, Yes. 100%, yes. We believe that this can be expanded all over the world. We wanted to use United States as a proof of concept. Obviously, that was we thought the first place to start. We started with about 175 buildings. We now have, I think, over 250 buildings. We have Greystar and some of the biggest real estate developers in America on the platform. And that's been our proof of concept. But assuming this works, and all indications are it is going to work. If response has actually exceeded our expectation, at least from landlords, then yes, we'd love to bring this to Europe, Latin America and Asia.
Brian Chesky: Yes. And maybe, Justin, before I answer about our model in Europe, I just want to also add something. So with most travel companies, their strategy is like basically paid marketing, right, performance marketing and brand marketing. I think a callout I just want to make is PR social media is a huge benefit to Airbnb. Historically, we have the largest share of voice in travel. Last week, we got 3,000 articles. I mean that was like more than 1/3 of the amount of press we got for IPO. So we think that there's a lot of opportunity for Airbnb to continue to be front and center in people's minds, in PR and social media and even in pop culture on TV shows, movies, songs, et cetera, et cetera. So I think the name of the game is both paid media and then earned media. And earned media is a really important part of the international story and international expansion because earned media really creates trust more than paid media. Now with regards to Europe, the one thing I just want to point out is we actually have both models. We have a model where we have a guest fee and host fee. We also have a model where we have a host-only fee. And host can choose, and we have this kind of choice for hosts, especially for larger property managers. Ultimately, especially with our total price display, I don't think it's a major issue for guests. I think ultimately, they're going to be looking at the total price. And we've not seen a major behavior change. I think, yes, they're most sensitive to total price. They're becoming more savvy. They're getting trained on total price. And that is partly why we moved our product towards an option of showing people total price. As long as we remain competitive, as long as we offer the best product and we offer the overall best value for the total price, I think that's ultimately what guests are going to care about.
Brian Chesky: Yes. So I'll talk. One of the things -- I mean, what you'll notice is a lot of our updates last week were based on affordability. So we announced a partnership with Klarna, which is pay over time. we can pay in as many as 4 installments. I also want to add, we also announced a partnership with Stripe, where you can pay by bank account for monthly stay. This is really important because it means you don't have to pay for credit card to pay basically what is essentially rent and then also would increase conversion by lowering costs. So we're really focused. And a lot of what we're focused on is starting these payment services in the United States, kind of similar to Airbnb-friendly apartment. And assuming these partnerships work, no doubt we're going to be spanning these to markets all over the world. And you're correct, a lot of countries, people pay in installments more than even in the United States. So yes, Brazil end markets, emerging markets over the world, I think this will absolutely be a very compelling offering. We just like to get the product right in our more like established markets, like the United States before expanding it globally. But all indications are this is going to be very successful. Now as far as expanding our audience, yes. I mean, ultimately, the biggest market opportunity for any company is always the next generation. I mean the great thing about young people is more of them every year. And if you can continue to be the most relevant brand for a young audience, then you're going to continue to be able to ride that growth. And that's going to definitely be a boom for first-time bookers. And the great thing about young people is 15 years ago, I was 26, and my friends and I didn't have a lot of money. Now many of us have families and we're much older, we have more money. And so what we want to do is capture the next generation of travelers, and then they'll grow with us. And I think that Airbnb Rooms is a Gary entry-level product. It's a great way to introduce people to Airbnb. I noticed, for example, when I used to talk [indiscernible], he said that like diapers was a very important entry product to Amazon for families, right? You buy diapers and then I will see you need other things. This is maybe an extreme example, but I think Airbnb Rooms is a great way for new travelers to come to Airbnb. And if you think about it, between Airbnb Rooms allowing the pricing tool for hosts that price more affordably, total price, which should see the cleaning fees down and other discount products, I think we're going to have really one of the most affordable products in travel, bar none.
Brian Chesky: Doug, I think it's important to just step back and say that what we saw, even before the pandemic, was that long-term stays were growing, and they have been our fastest-growing segment by trip length. I think what the pandemic did is it probably accelerated some inevitable growth and there's huge opportunity for us. And I also think we're never going back to the way the world was before the pandemic. I do think there is some little bit of a post-pandemic equilibrium that you're starting to see. And we're also seeing a mix shift because cross-border urban nights are now up. That being said, I remain extremely bullish on long-term stays. I think this is going to be one of the big growth opportunities for Airbnb over the next 5 years. And the reason why is because people are permanently more flexible. Even bosses that want people back to the office, I think they're going to see incremental flexibility. More people going away for the summer, more people may be going away for the holidays. And ultimately, with AI, you're going to see an acceleration of people having more distributed and more global workforces. So all you have to do is believe Zoom is here to stay, to believe long-term stays are here to stay and that's what we're betting on. But the biggest feedback we've gotten on our long-term stay product was it was just sometimes a little more expensive to book long-term stay on Airbnb, because the platform was built for short-term stays. So we made over a dozen upgrades to long-term stays and a lot of more based on affordability. So starting with -- we now have a monthly dial for you to really discover monthly stays, which was really cool dial like an quick wheel that allows you to search from 1 month to a year on Airbnb. You can pay by bank account. This saves on credit card processing fees. You can pay over time. We have more flexible cancellation policies. So you now can cancel a long-term stay up to 1 month before check-in. We have new discounting tools for hosts on weekly stays and monthly stays, and we have many other upgrades as well for monthly stays. So I think we're going to see a lot more growth. And one of the big opportunities, I think, that we're going to see is more people starting to come to Airbnb to list exclusively long-term stay. People that have no intention of hosting on a nightly basis will host long term. Another thing we believe is going to happen is we think long-term stays could be a gateway to short-term stays. There might be a host that are uncomfortable hosting on a nightly basis, but they're used to having a tenant and they might go to Airbnb to rent monthly. And over time, we might be able to get them more comfortable on a short-term basis. So we think this is a really big opportunity for us. But I do think there is some normalization in the post-pandemic equilibrium, but I believe this is still a major growth opportunity for years to come.
Brian Chesky: All right. Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. Just to recap, we had a strong start to 2023. Revenue was $1.8 billion, which is 20% higher than a year ago. Net income and adjusted EBITDA were both records for Q1, and our trailing 12-month free cash flow was $3.8 billion and that represents a free cash flow margin of 44%. I'm really proud of the progress we made. If you look at over the last 3 years, how much more profitable the company's become, I think a lot of that has been based on our discipline and our execution. And speaking of execution, our product just keeps getting better, and we continue to innovate with more than 50 upgrades and features last week and many more ahead later this year. I'm proud of what we're doing, and I'm really excited for the road ahead. So thank you all, and we'll talk next quarter.
David Stephenson: And in terms of profitability, we're just really proud of the progress that we've made in our operating efficiency, right? We made some very difficult choices in the midst of COVID to rationalize and streamline the company, get focused, get back to our roots. And we made substantial progress in our profitability ever since, where we've done it. We obviously reduced our headcount by 25%. We've only grown it moderately since. We've made substantial changes in our marketing efficiency, continue to make good improvements in our operating costs, anything from community support to cost of payments to infrastructure costs. Basically, we become a better, more rigorous operating company overall. And that kind of progress has been great for us going forward because even as our businesses rebounded, we have stuck to our core strong kind of operating mode. And so even this year, as we anticipate moderation in ADRs, the improvements that we're going to continue to make in community support, infrastructure, cost of payments and our fixed cost leverage will be enough to offset any of the pressures that we're seeing in average daily rates.
David Stephenson: Yes. Great. Thanks, Mark. In terms of the front-loading of marketing costs this year, it's just we're learning to operate better. I mean we had seen such great success in our brand marketing campaigns, strong return on investments in that last year. And what we learned is that we just felt like we needed to do that earlier in the year, get out even more ahead of our peak travel summer season with our brand marketing. The earlier we get that message out in the year, the better we can kind of reap that investment for the full year. So this is purely about moving up the spend on kind of brand marketing earlier. And to a lesser extent, but it is an element of it as well, is investing in some of these new geographies where we haven't historically had brand marketing, and so actually expanding that market into more countries. So our marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue will remain largely the same in 2023 as it was in 2022. It's just that we're front-loading more the marketing to get the message out earlier.
David Stephenson: Yes, the playbook -- so I just don't want to leave the question without just reinforcing how well the playbook is working for us and that 90% of our traffic remains direct or unpaid, and that's been the case since COVID and continues to be the case. So this investment is working very well for us.
David Stephenson: Let me add two more points. The implementation of the oil price has gone really well. And what we're seeing is actually a neutral impact on our overall business. So the , which we've implemented, has worked quite well. The people that care the most about seeing it all in pricing, they can make the selection. And those who want to see it like other marketplaces don't even make that selection. And then the other -- back to the growth rates, 10% to 12% nights growth is not our long-term ambition. You do have to remember that in Q2, we have a significant hard comparison versus the Omicron, COVID variant that came out last year. Remember that people delayed their travel in Q1 and compressed a large amount of travel into the second quarter, which makes for a hard comparison of nice growth here in the second quarter.
David Stephenson: Yes. I mean, it has been hard to kind of perfectly predict the exact shape of demand. And obviously, Omicron has impacted the shape on nights demand probably more than the impact of revenue. We continue to see as the revenue guide that we have here is revenue growth between kind of 12% and 16% in the second quarter. And I think that some of the pressures that we're seeing there on overall revenue growth has, frankly, just been some of the elevated ADR rates that we're seeing, just higher overall kind of pricing, especially in North America. But some of the tailwinds that we're seeing for future growth in the back half of the year or a lot of the areas that Brian spoke about, things like continued acceleration in Latin America, acceleration in Asia Pacific and more cross-border travel. So I think some of those things are the benefits we're seeing in the back half of the year. Q2 is turning out to be a little bit tougher comp given Omicron last year, but we're seeing overall stable demand for the back half. We highlighted in the letter that we have 25% more bookings on the books at this time this year for the back half of the year than we did this time last year. So it just gives us confidence in people's willingness and interest in travel for the back half.
David Stephenson: Yes. On ADRs, it's been interesting how persistently higher average daily rates have remained, and that has been consistent kind of across the globe. I think even more particularly, the ADR rates that we saw in North America have been persistently high. So these are a lot of the reasons why we've been launching so many of the tools and capabilities that Brian has talked about on the call that -- and making sure that we're finding good affordability for our guests for things like Airbnb Rooms and getting tools for a host of even kind of price better. So I don't have anything more to say on that, except that we think that the ADRs, as we continue to see growth in Europe, Latin America and Asia, should moderate a bit here in the second quarter. And we want to continue to make sure we're giving great value to our guests. In terms of full year expectations, the year-over-year growth in ADR should be, I think, still probably down in that kind of mid-single-digit range. There's really no change in our expectations on ADR growth.
David Stephenson: Yes, on the 25%, I mean, I think what it's doing is just demonstrating the strength in demand. I think what -- if you go back to the beginning of Q1, people booked much earlier here in 2023 than they have historically. So we had longer overall booking rates for the back half of the year. So we're seeing that strength. And so to the extent that, that demand just shifts earlier in the year, that's why the growth rate in backlog. And so it will be higher than what we are projecting for nights in any kind of given period. In terms of normalcy, I think as -- it's the specific percentage of backlog isn't a direct translation to kind of nights booked, but what we are seeing is strong demand across the globe and very stable demand in North America.
David Stephenson: Sure. No, the marketing ROIs, I mean, again, I'm very pleased with our overall marketing strategy. I'm happy that our 90% of our traffic remains direct-run paid and that does great returns. And the brand marketing returns on -- that we've seen have been quite strong, which is why we're expanding into some of the markets. Also, the return on our search engine marketing has been quite good, and we're maintaining high ROIs there and making sure that where we have opportunities to drive incremental profit, we do so. So I feel really good about the investment we're making. I like the improved timing that we have here in 2023. And I like the overall approach to this full funnel marketing that Brian is talking about. We add amplify our brand and search engine marketing with things like social and PR, and we have that full funnel approach that works really well and that's kind of success we're seeing in Brazil and in Germany.
David Stephenson: Sure. I think we talked about the shape of marketing during the year that we are bringing in more front-end loading on our brand marketing spend, especially here into Q1 and Q2. So it's several hundred basis points higher in Q2 than it was in Q2 last year. And then for the full year, total marketing costs will be roughly the same as they were in the prior year. So I don't have much more to say on kind of the shape or marketing beyond that. In terms of active listings, I think this is what's been really continued strength in our business, which is that we are focused on individual hosts. And individual host were 90% of our hosts, that continues to be the case. The new host that we're bringing on because we cater our tools to the needs of those individual hosts, so that's making sure that it's easy to list. And we give them AirCover for hosts. They know that their home is well protected. We give them the great payment capabilities, the customer support that they require. All those things make it easier for individuals. And what's been great to see is that our mix of individual for -- and professional host has remained very stable through that. The other thing that's been interesting about just our listings growth overall is it tends to grow where we have the biggest demand. And so the areas -- as urban come back, our urban growth has been kept in line with that kind of growth. And so as we keep expanding and increasing our business around the world, the listings come right along with it.
David Stephenson: Yes. I think one of the things I'm really proud of is the ability for us to both grow and grow profitably and have very strong margins. I mean having a 44% kind of free cash flow margin is something I'm definitely very proud of.  I think going forward, just remember that we are still heavily in growth mode, and we're going to continue to invest behind growth for the future. The good news is that as I'm doing this year, we're able to continue to be very rigorous in our investments across our P&L, make improvements in our cost structure, buying fixed cost leverage and do all that while investing for kind of growth for the future. So what I think you should anticipate going forward is that we'll continue to have a profitable business focused on growth. And that over time, we'll continue to have opportunities to expand margins, but that's not my primary focus right now. Our primary focus is in investing for growth. And as you mentioned, one of those areas for opportunities will be to increase our investment in areas where we're significantly underpenetrated and seeing great success. And we highlighted a couple of those areas on the call today.
