David Stephenson: Thanks, Brian. I'm really excited about my new role as Chief Business Officer. In this role, I'm focused on driving Airbnb's growth by concentrating in three specific areas. First, continuing to grow our high-quality supply of stays and experiences around the world; second, leading our global expansion efforts in underpenetrated countries; and third, developing and launching new businesses as we expand beyond the core. As Brian has said, this is a transformational year for Airbnb. I look forward to Ellie becoming our CFO next month. I couldn't think of a better person to lead us into the next phase of growth. And so with that, let's open up the call for Q&A.
David Stephenson: Yes, absolutely, Ron. Thanks for asking the question. So let me start with AI. So I think to talk about AI, it would be good to zoom out, just lay out the landscape. One way to think about AI is let's use a real-world metaphor. I mentioned we're building a city. And in that city, we have infrastructure like roads and bridges. And then on top of those roads to bridges, we have applications like cars. So Airbnb is not an infrastructure company. Infrastructure would be a large language model or obviously, GPUs. So we're not going to be investing in infrastructure. So we're not going to be building a large language model. We'll be relying on, obviously, open AI. Google makes a great model, meta great models. So those are really infrastructure. They're really developing infrastructure. But where we can excel is on the application layer. And I believe that we can build one of the leading and most innovative AI interfaces ever created. And maybe one way to make this real is if you were to open, say, ChatGPT or Google, though the models are very powerful, the interface is really not an AI interface. It's the same interface as the 2000s in the sense or 2010s. It's a typical classical web interface. So we feel like the models in a sense, are probably underutilized. Here's another way of saying it. Take your phone and look all the icons on your phone. Most of those apps have not fundamentally changed since the advent of generative AI. So what I think AI represents is the ultimate platform shift. We had the Internet. We had mobile, Airbnb really rose during the rise of mobile. And the thing about a platform shift, as you know, there is also a shift in power. It's a shift to behavior. And so I think this is a zero, zero ballgame, where Airbnb, we have a platform that was built for one vertical, short-term space. And I think with AI, generative AI and developing a leading AI interface to provide experience that's so much more personalized than anything you've ever seen before. Imagine an app that you feel like knows you. It's like the ultimate concierge, an interface that is adaptive and evolving and changing in real time, unlike no interface you've ever seen before. That would allow us to go from a single vertical company to a cross-vertical company because one of the things that we've noticed is the largest tech companies aren't a single vertical. And we studied Amazon in the late '90s, early 2000s when they went from books to everything, or Apple when they launched the App Store. And these really large technology companies are horizontal platforms. And I think with AI and the work we're doing around AI interfaces, I think that's what you should expect us. We're not going to talk specifically on this call about the specific products and services we're going to be offering, but you will see some very big announcements later this year. And as you know, we did an acquisition of GamePlanner.AI. It was from the creator Siri. And that was just accelerating the efforts we are already endeavoring on.
David Stephenson: In terms of the Q1 guide on room nights growth, again, I think you have to remember that we have a hard comp versus Q1 of '23, where there was a lot of pent-up demand coming out of the holidays and we saw much stronger growth in early in the year, especially in January. I think the other thing that's unusual about Q1 this year is Easter moved from Q2 to Q1. So this actually helps our revenue by 100 to 200 basis points in Q1, but actually is a drag on nights because we actually get fewer nights booked in the period as people are actually doing the traveling on holiday. So it will shift some nights from Q1 to Q2. So revenue is a little bit helped Q2 to Q1 and bookings nights booked are slightly hurt Q1 to Q2 and then don't forget the hard comp. So this is why we have the language of moderating from 12% growth in Q4.
David Stephenson: Yes. Again, we are starting to see overall kind of demand normalize. I think you also look at our nights growth and the nights on Airbnb and to continue to see that we take share of overall accommodations globally versus kind of traditional accommodations and are either equaling or exceeding versus our key competition. So I think if you just look at room nights growth, we continue to see strength relative to traditional hospitality and our competition. And you're exactly right. The key focus is on supply. There's been a lot of critique around whether or not we have sufficient supply growth. I hope that we continue to show that strength with the 7.7 million active listings, they're growing 18% year-over-year. We saw incredible strength throughout the year, 5 million hosts. The vast majority of this listings being unique to Airbnb. And I think that, that uniqueness also gives us a lot of strength on, as you say, conversion and a lot of things that Brian talked about, in terms of perfecting price, making it easier to shop and find the right home for each guest is incredibly important. So perfecting the core service is there. And then the last piece, which we've also talked about is just finding the areas where we are underpenetrated relative to where the opportunity is. And I think that's the vast majority of countries around the world. And when we make sure to apply a product view, a marketing view, as supply view in a targeted way in each country, we're unlocking incremental growth. And that's what we've seen why Brazil has nearly doubled since 2019. So yes, it's supply, it's product, it's full funnel marketing, and it's doubling down in underpenetrated countries.
David Stephenson: Yes, we're going to continue to do what we're doing well, which is have unique supply that is outgrowing any of our competitors. And I think that by having that, we were able to drive kind of incremental nights and take share from both traditional hospitality and our competitors. I know competitors are trying to come in to North America and take - try to take additional share. It's not what we're seeing. We're not seeing success there. We're seeing that a lot of the competition is focused on professional host supply, which is undifferentiated and often cross listed. And I think the differentiated supply that we were able to bring on has been a material kind of net benefit to us. So that's where the strength we're seeing.
David Stephenson: Yes. I think what's also interesting is, if you actually back up and look out over multiple years, you go back 4 years or so and look at the total amount of supply growth versus the total amount of nights growth, it's actually fairly consistent. So there are times that supply leads demand and times that demand leads supply. But I think as Brian mentioned, over time, those things equalize out and the greater supply definitely helps our overall performance. I'd say in terms of U.S. very specifically, a couple of things. We're just - we're seeing overall very stable growth in the U.S. We're seeing strong inbound cross-border growth in nights. And I think unlike others that we're seeing in the U.S., we've seen very healthy growth in the non-urban markets, right? Urban markets have been traditionally our areas of strength, not only grew substantially kind of during COVID and coming out of COVID, we've continued to hold really great share and growth in the non-urban areas, and now urban is coming back stronger, and that has been our additional area of strength. Maybe a last area is our long-term stays. So 19% of our stays were 28 days or longer in the last quarter. So it was even up a little bit from 18% prior to that. I think there's been a lot of critique of, well, long-term stays, that's a post-COVID benefit that's going to go away. Well, it's still materially bigger than it was back in 2019 when it was closer to 13%, 14% of our nights growth. So we're seeing really great strength there. So that's what we're seeing in North America.
David Stephenson: And I'll just add that, I think that there's some massive opportunities in front of us, especially with Asia. We really did focus on Korea, but I think the point that should be made is if you look at our penetration, and say, U.S., Australia, Canada, France and to maybe a lesser extent, United Kingdom, they're significantly higher than other parts of the world. In fact, in the United States is more than an order magnitude higher penetration than Asia. There is no reason why we cannot get to today's U.S. penetration and the equivalent penetration in most of the major tourism markets around the world. And we think we're only scratching the service in our more mature market - more mature markets. So again, we are going to continue to add these countries one by one. But the other thing is we're just getting started in Korea. We're just getting started in Germany. We're just getting started in Brazil. Brazil is now double the size it was pre-pandemic, but it's going to double again. And so we're going to continue. We have multiple phases of this playbook and the first phase is playing out in Korea, Japan and Brazil. But we're going to go on to the next phase as we continue to add more countries.
David Stephenson: So it's about first time bookers and what we're seeing the growth of first time bookers. I'll start, Brian. You can round it out if I miss anything. But a key part is the reliability. Making sure that they feel like we have - that the services can be reliable. So things like air cover has been an area that we've been promoting to get people comfortable on booking Airbnb. Doing things like reducing cancellations has been great. The work that we've done to make sure that prices are moderating and then just general awareness, making sure that they're aware of it, which is the full funnel marketing approach we do to a lot of these international countries. We're seeing strong strength in mobile downloads, as we highlight at the top of the call, and just overall strong organic trends across the business.
David Stephenson: And then, Mark, in terms of take rates, no, there should be consistent. There's no real reason why they should be going up on kind of a time-adjusted basis. We have not materially changed our pricing as a percentage of GBV when you adjust for the timing. So we are testing a cross-currency themes, as we mentioned earlier in the call, but you shouldn't count that as a major expansion of fees this year. In Q1, the implied take rate revenue over gross booking value is going to be higher, but that again, that's largely due to timing, right, a little more revenue coming in Q1 largely due to the Easter timing. So now longer term, I am excited about the opportunity for revenue driving with our experiences and services and that ability to drive incremental revenue and incremental margin. So over a longer period of time, I think our margin expansion will absolutely come from hosting guest services and experiences. But here in the short term, there's no real change on time-adjusted basis towards these.
David Stephenson: Yes. So the two areas. The reason why we say the particular expansion in Q1 is because there's a double hit. You have the increased revenue in Q1 due to the timing and you have decreased gross booking value that shifts from Q1 to Q2. So both increased revenue and decreased gross booking values in the period by some amount, say, 100 to 200 basis points, and then you get that greater expansion of fees, revenue over gross booking values. So that's why we give the guidance that way. Yes, in terms of cross country - cross currency, we're going to be tough here. We'll be launching in April. We need to understand what the impact is to demand overall. I mean, if you step back to it, it's actually a unique capability that the vast majority of other platforms either don't have or they charge a substantial premium for. So we've been largely giving away this benefit for no incremental costs, and we were just monitoring and have the capability of adjusting that fee if we so choose, and we will - but we'll be mindful about it to make sure that we're thoughtful in terms of the impact on overall demand.
Brian Chesky: Yeah, more on the underpenetrated markets. So is one of the few things. First, we just need to make sure that we have great supply and great supply in specific nights. So even the subtleties of local holidays and ensuring that we're there, that we have it at all price points. Different countries have different expectations on what the supply growth looks like. And then just make sure we have the right product. Things like we've done include installment payments in Brazil and Latin America, Naver Login in Korea. Just making sure that we're showing up locally in the ways that they're expecting. And then the third is just to make sure we have a full funnel marketing approach. In some of these countries, we're now big enough where we can have a small team do a very targeted social marketing, PR, communications, use influencers, search engine marketing, but build that on top of brand marketing to have that all work together in one full funnel approach. Approximately 90% of our traffic remains direct or unpaid because the majority of Airbnb stays are unique to us. And that continues to drive the flywheel. But having this full funnel approach is very effective when we implement it on the ground in these countries.
Brian Chesky: So again, what we saw exiting 2023 was interesting, right? When we were on this call a quarter ago, we've seen some softness in demand in October. And then what we - and so we guided to that kind of expectation. And then what we saw is accelerating demand in November and December. And then as we come into - from that strength, 17% kind of revenue growth and 12% nights growth in the fourth quarter, we're seeing really stable demand coming at the start of the year. You have to actually rewind the tapes and remind yourself that we were just exiting kind of Omicron and there's a lot of pent up demand in January of last year, which makes for some harder comps in Q1, but against those harder comps, we continue to see strong demand for travel. I think that we continue to see a very robust demand for people staying on Airbnbs versus just necessarily kind of buying other things. So the experiences over things continues to be a big trend. And we're excited to see the growth that we're continuing to see in our established businesses in North America and Europe and even greater growth in Latin America and Asia Pacific. So as we do things, as I said on the last question about doubling down and making sure that we invest in these expansion countries where we're underpenetrated, I think that's going to continue to drive growth for us for the rest of the year.
Brian Chesky: Yes. To be clear, when we announced this recently, we updated our terms of service. And what it did is it gives us the ability to implement across currency fee. So we needed to update the terms of service just to allow us to do it. Now the fee only applies when the currency of the guest uses to pay differs from the currency that the host set for their listening. So we don't anticipate this fee to affect the majority of our guests because the cross currency transactions are only approximately 20% of our gross booking value. It's different than our cross-border, which is closer to 40%. And we anticipate the majority of the fee changes to be closer to 1%. So we're going to test and evaluate and just see what the results are, and that testing will begin in April. Why now? There's just a point where we understand that the size and complexity of our business ensures that we should be making sure we're providing great value to our guests and our host. We do things like last year, we had a change to our long-term stay fees for beyond 3 months. That was an opportunity where we saw that maybe the fees were too high relative to the benefit we're giving. I think there's just a fundamental principle where we want to make sure that we're giving more value to our guests and our hosts than we take in our take rate over time, and we're going to continue to be more nuanced in how we make those choices going forward.
Brian Chesky: Yes. In terms of headcount, we grew headcount last year about 1%. We're planning to grow at maybe slightly more than that. It could be kind of mid single digits, low to mid single-digit percent. As kind of Ellie mentioned, I think we will see depending on what our product development needs are, but it's not going to be above overall kind of revenue growth. And then in terms of marketing, margin, we're going to keep marketing costs as a percentage of revenue largely the same as what it was in 2023. In some ways, we probably could see additional leverage on marketing, but what we've seen is such great success with our brand marketing efforts in our core markets. We're actually expanding to 20 countries around the world. So that's already included in this. And then we'll see as there are other investments to support the newer business areas. But to the extent that there may be any incremental marketing, it's not going to be a materially larger percentage of revenue than it was last year.
Brian Chesky: And I'll just add that, we have a lot of competition for people choosing places to stay. Our main competition are hotels, first of all. And we're so much smaller than hotels. For everyone who stays at Airbnb, nine people stay in a hotel. So I think the bigger opportunities for us to take market share, because again, all you need is one of them to come to Airbnb and we've now doubled the size of our business. I think we are only scratching the surface. We grew in every region. We maintained or grew share in every region. As Dave said, we have - we are the brand in this category, a noun and a verb used all over the world. We are the only ones with a custom built platform. And we're going to continue to strengthen our advantages, including like Guest Favorites, the only one to offer that. The only one to offer custom built tools on the host side. So the best game we can play is to continue to focus on executing ruthlessly. And if we continue to do that, we're going to continue to take share.
Brian Chesky: Yes. So why don't I just start, Jed, I'm talking about supply growth, and I'll let Dave answer the rest. I believe in the long run that supply growth is a long-term indication of growth in Airbnb. And it's been healthy since we started the company, but you'll know that during the pandemic, one of the biggest questions I got asked when supply growth stops is how we're going to restart supply growth. The great thing about our supply growth is that most of it comes organic to us. In fact, 36% of our new hosts are prior guests. That's the highest that number it's ever been. And the reason people host is because their friends typically tell them about it. The last year - actually, the year before, we actually began and we really put the throttle on it last year, a new strategic priority to mainstream hosting. And we did a few things. We really focused on making hosting easy to get started and increasing awareness. Now one of the reasons that we're so excited about the growth being 18%, and we hope it grows even faster is, as you know, the more supply you have, the more pricing pressure you relieve on the inventory. So when you're supply constrained, what you typically see is prices go up and prices go up, nice growth is typically diminished. So we believe that, again, the total addressable market for Airbnb space is every single person with very few exceptions who stay in a hotel. If we can get the right supply at the right price, then we believe we can capture that demand and build a company significantly larger. Additionally, by having a surplus of supply, we think that that will allow us to have even tighter quality control. So to answer your question, we do think that the healthy supply growth of 18% could be a great leading indicator down the road of where demand could be, and we'd love your supply to grow even faster.
Brian Chesky: Yes. I think that's what you'll continue to see is that we're being very judicious about putting small teams on the ground in each of these locales, making sure that we have the full funnel marketing approach working well, establishing what product adjustments might be unique to a specific location that's helpful. And then we're going to - we're working down our list. What's the largest opportunity, what do we have the capabilities for and how do we kind of do it. None of these are perishable things. We're just kind of working our way down kind of a prioritized list of our capabilities. And then this sets us up well as we expand beyond on the core to make sure that we have strong, established base of business to kind of build from.
Brian Chesky: Yeah, booking window has been relatively stable. We've kind of come back to a little bit more normal booking windows over time. So there's actually not a lot to say on it. It's pretty consistent now globally as things are returning to a more normal state.
Brian Chesky: Yeah, I mean, I'll just highlight a few things in addition to what Dave said. First of all, our traffic and our top of funnel results are really good. And one of the reasons why is, we've, number one, we're having a really successful advertising campaign. As you know, we have a very different approach to marketing than our competitors. We're not really typically trying to buy customers through foreign [ph] marketing. We generally, as Dave mentioned, have a full funnel approach and we think of advertising more as education than sales. And one of the things we noticed was that we want to educate people about how there are some trips that are really just always better in Airbnb. If you're staying with - if you're traveling your family, if you're traveling your groups, be able to share a house and have your own bedroom and save money, rather than getting separate hotel rooms or crammed in one hotel room, makes complete logical sense. And so we have this campaign running, it's called Get an Airbnb, it's the most successful digital advertising campaign we've ever done, and it's now running on television. We also are tapping into the biggest moments of pop culture. Last year, for example, the Barbie movie came out, and we partnered with Mattel to turn a mansion and Malibu into Malibu Barbie DreamHouse. That became a phenomenon on social media, and it got more press, more articles than our IPO. In fact, three times as many articles were written about the Barbie Malibu DreamHouse as Airbnb's IPO, just to give you a sense. So we have a lot of traffic coming to Airbnb. We're going to continue to hopefully stay relevant within culture. And if we can then convert that traffic, as Dave said, through product optimization, reliability efforts, improve customer service, then I think there's a lot of opportunities. And again, we have an entire road map where you can imagine hundreds of basis points of conversion of a nice growth increase through some of these efforts. So we've got a pretty big arsenal of levers.
Brian Chesky: Yes. We continue to see strength in our growth in our more established markets, North America and Europe. But we're actually seeing still stronger growth relatively in Latin America and Asia. And so any kind of moderation is still just coming off of high overall growth. I mean I'd say APAC we're really encouraged to see China outbound, gathering kind of additional momentum that we expect by the end of the year, China outbound travel should be above 2019 levels. So I'd say that we continue to see great strength and this international expansion playbook that we have, I think it's going to continue to be a tailwind for growth, especially in Latin America and Asia for the rest of this year.
Brian Chesky: Yes, absolutely. So I think one of the great things about Airbnb is that most of our innovation in most of our business is developed organically. And that just becomes from our DNA. Like Airbnb was started by three product and then just product, people and engineers, two designers an engineer. And we created Joni [ph] and I created this company from nothing with really no capital whatsoever to speak of. So I think build and the organic growth is in our DNA, and it's always going to be our predisposition. That being said, with the scale that we have, the scale we have, having nearly 2 billion guest arrivals and more than $70 billion GBV, that is a huge asset to be able to partner. And a number of brands have reached out to us telling us they want to partner Airbnb not just because of the traffic we have, but also because of the strength of our brand. So we think that there's a myriad of opportunities of partnerships. Now on in the buy [ph] we're going to be -- we're going to have a very high bar for ROI for acquisitions. We've done a number of acquisitions in the past. Some have been very successful. And with our free cash flow, we have generated $3.8 billion of free cash flow. We absolutely have the cash and obviously, the currency of our stock to make acquisitions, but we're going to be very, very thoughtful and there's always going to be build, then partner then buy probably in that order of prioritization.
Brian Chesky: All right. Well, thanks, everyone, for joining us today. Just to recap, revenue was another incredibly strong quarter. Revenue was $2.2 billion, 70% higher. Adjusted net income and adjusted EBITDA were both to Q4 records and our trailing 12-month free cash flow of $2.8 billion. And this, of course, represents a free cash flow margin at 39%. I'm really proud of what we've been able to accomplish this past year, and there's more to come. 2024 marks the beginning of a new chapter for Airbnb, and I look forward to sharing more throughout the year. Thank you all very much.
