David Stephenson: A lot of the trends we're seeing in Q2 are consistent with some of the trends we saw in Q1 and Q4. People continue to be flexible. That's why we built all these flexible tools where because 40% of searchers are showing flexibility in either the date or location and people are traveling to more destinations and people are staying longer.  And one of the elements is that we're seeing the trends of long-term stays, which we highlighted as a key strength in Q1, stays of 28 days or longer, remain being one of the largest and strongest growing parts of our business. So that was 19% of our nights booked in Q2, following being 24% in Q1, just as the mix of short-term stays kind of rebounded strongly in Q2.  We've seen a strong increase in month-over-month performance across Q2. So April to May to June nights booked, all were strong leading in anticipation of the summer peak travel. Now in July, we've seen some of the pullback in demand, but it's likely due to summer peak and possibly [Indiscernible] to the Delta variant. But all of those lead to still being the Q3 revenue, the nights that people stay and the revenue that we recognize will be the strongest ever. And concurrently, our profit in Q3 will be the strongest ever.
David Stephenson: Sure. Maybe I'll start with the yield management. The majority of the ADR uplift that we're seeing is being driven by mix. It continues to be mix. The strength of our rebound has been in North America and Europe. Those have higher ADRs. It's been in nonurban, which is higher ADR than urban and in larger kind of whole home, larger homes. So the majority of the ADR has been driven by that. To a lesser extent, a newer trend that we saw in Q2 was the impact of some pricing pressure in peak markets that are highly constrained for the summer, but that was still [Indiscernible] minority relative to the overall mix. So ADR is not really being driven by features.  Over time, our ADR on a revenue to gross booking value adjusted basis where you line them up at the same time of booking has been very consistent. Over time, I think there are opportunities for us to increase our monetization through new opportunities, whether that be test travel insurance, maybe promoted listings or other things that we could do, but we don't see those as perishable opportunities as they are kind of evergreen opportunities.  And instead, what we're focusing on right now, as Brian has talked about, is the travel rebound and making sure that we are addressing the needs of travelers today. And their needs today are the additional flexibility that they have in where and when they travel. So 40% of our searches in Q2 actually had flexible dates or flexible destinations, which is why we built those tools and capabilities and seeing that strength.  And so in terms of the work-from-anywhere trends, I think that we're seeing people are continuing to find Airbnb is the best place for them to be able to both live and work. And one of the things that we launched in Q2 is directly in response to people's demand there. It sounds small, but I think it's a really unique item, which is it allows hosts to measure the speed of their WiFi and then actually post it on their listing. And that's because guests were wanting to know how easy will it be for me to -- how good is the WiFi here? Can I work from this location? So I think that's kind of a unique small element that can just show us how we're innovating in order to kind of support these broader travel trends.  So what we do know is just that people are incrementally more flexible. If we can a take 1-hour Zoom call on a Thursday, you're likely to be able to do a longer weekend with the family than maybe historically you've been kind of struck in the office to kind of go do. And so we believe that all of these kind of trends will just continue to accrete to Airbnb and be tailwinds to our business going forward.
David Stephenson: Sure. I mean, again, what we saw in Q2 is very strong bookings growth in advance of the third quarter kind of pre-travel season. We saw this kind of in the depths of COVID in 2020 as well. People are wanting to travel. They want to get out of their homes, and they especially want to do that in the summer. And so we saw a lot of peak travel demand coming in Q2. So as we exit Q2 and come into Q3, we have a combination of fewer bookings for the fall, just given the nature of some of the seasonality and any kind of impact potentially on COVID concerns going into early Q3.  So we're not seeing a substantial deceleration. Always identified in the outlook is that our nights and experiences booked in Q3 will be lower than in Q2, given just the extreme strength that we saw in the business in Q2, but we continue to be very bullish on the business. As I said, the revenue that we're going to have in Q3 will be the highest ever, while the profits are going to be the highest ever. And so the business remains very strong. And what we've seen is that people want to travel, and they are really resilient in finding ways to travel. One of the benefits that we see with Airbnb is that you don't actually have to hop on a plane always or cross a border in order to travel with Airbnb. The big part of our strength has been in nights with less than 300 miles, that continues to be one of the strongest parts of our business. And then in Q2, we saw strengthening where the faster parts are growing was growing of 300 miles longer, and we saw an increase of urban nights booked. And so some of those trends have continue -- started to pick up to more kind of historic levels. So I'm very bullish on the long-term view of our business overall.
David Stephenson: Again, we feel like the ability for Airbnb to provide the kinds of stays and experiences that people desire all around the world, it remains incredibly strong. We've been the best way for people to kind of travel and live through Airbnb throughout the pandemic. And I think that the tailwinds that we've talked about, the tailwinds of flexibility, the tailwinds of people staying longer, the tailwinds of even how people are traveling for business in the future are always that they will travel more likely with Airbnb for the longer term. These travel trends are directly supporting the strength of Airbnb's business.
David Stephenson: Yes, we continue to see 90% of our Hosts are individual Hosts, and that remains to be the case. So as we continue to add new individuals, and this is where we focus on, we focus our tools and capabilities to uniquely enable individual Hosts to be successful in hosting Airbnb. And when they come on Airbnb, the vast majority of their listings are unique to Airbnb, and that has remained the case in Q2 where the vast majority of our new Hosts coming on are also individuals.  That's our focus, but -- so we're going to build the tools and capabilities, and those are the results that we're continuing to see.
David Stephenson: Sure. On the trend in ADR, again, the vast majority of the ADR has been driven by mix. And so as other parts of the mix towards urban and maybe towards Latin America and Asia changes and reverts to more historic levels, we will see ADRs moderate, but that will be purely as part of mix and as the other parts of the business come back and they have that lower overall kind of ADR rates.  So the strength of North America and Europe, we believe to continue to remain strong. And then as other parts of the business come back then the mix comes out and the ADRs moderate. So that's all we're kind of indicating.  And in terms of the EBITDA margins, I think we're all -- we're proud of the progress we're making in EBITDA and that accelerating towards our long term. We've stated that we could achieve 30% or more EBITDA margins over time. Clearly, we've accelerated our way there. I think that a piece of that is clearly the improvements we've done on fixed costs, marketing costs, improvements in our variable costs.  We also see some benefits on the higher ADR rates as well. And so over time, we will see some variation in our EBITDA margins kind of over time, but I think what we've demonstrated is the capability to dramatically expand those margins. And I think it just proves the point that we've kind of talked about more verbally, which is we can achieve this 30% margin or more. And now we're actually showing how we can do that.
David Stephenson: Yes. What we saw in Q2 is actually a fairly stable booking new window in line with our Q2 of 2019. It was actually a little bit shorter booking window than Q1 of this year, but that's largely been due to seasonality.  So yes, you're right, that during COVID, we've seen variations in booking windows where last year in COVID, the booking windows would shorten when people felt more only would book when they felt more confident in staying. But it's interesting, in Q2, the booking window has been consistent with more historic levels.
David Stephenson: Sure. On the latter, on supply metrics, I think we've highlighted what's really important. Remember that we do not need to grow supply one-to-one for revenue growth. And why is that? It's because we have millions of listings all around the world. And what we need to do is have the right listing for the right guest at the right time. And as people continue to get more flexible on when and where they travel as we get better focusing those hosts on the flexible locations and dates that they have in mind, we're going to get better at utilizing the supply we have all around the world.  But what we have highlighted is that when there is great demand in specific areas, and that was in North America and Europe nonurban, we are very effective at growing at supply, and that's what we saw in Q2. We had some of the strongest growth of our supply specifically in the areas of our strongest areas of demand. And we do that both organically and then inorganically through all the actions that Brian talked about, about making inspiring hosts and what the benefits are being of hosted or being a host, talking to them about how they can make it easier for them to host and then having existing Hosts help new Hosts be successful. So those are all the ways that we'll be driving it.  So I think we will be talking about listing infrequently as it is helpful to guide the overall direction of the business, but not as a routine measure because it's not the primary driver of revenue growth. In terms of TAM for alternatives versus hotels, if you really think about Airbnb, it's -- we're not just a travel company. We're -- if it's all about travel and living. And really, any kind of stay, any kind of accommodation, really short of kind of a full year lease can be accommodated in Airbnb. And that's what we're seeing with the fact that we're seeing such strong growth in stays of 28 days or longer. And that, that was 19% of nights in Q2.  And we highlighted in the letter the fact that even the nights of 7 days or longer were 50% of our nights. And so that is not hotels. Hotels average much lower, maybe 1 to 2 nights on average. We're going to be 4-plus, and 50% of our nights were of 7 days or longer. So clearly, during this time period, we have taken share from traditional accommodations.  And I think that a lot of these changes that we've talked about on the call today, the increased flexibility of how people are traveling and living, I think that just actually increases the overall TAM of what Airbnb is able to address because if you're going to be staying longer, if you're going to have more flexibility, you're much more likely to want to stay in a hosted Airbnb with the amenities that you have in Airbnb versus being in a hotel room.
David Stephenson: Yes. In regards to APAC, I mean it's amazing how resilient the domestic business has been all around the world. So we're actually seeing have seen strength in domestic business in all regions. I think the issue has been in Asia and Latin America have typically been more reliant on outbound and international travel to come back. And so -- but the domestic business is within those countries has actually been quite strong. So we're very happy with the performance of domestic. We just need more borders to open for those businesses to return to kind of pre-pandemic levels.
David Stephenson: Yes. Europe, what we've seen over the last several months is that the pent-up demand that people have had to travel, it kind of varies a bit by the travel restrictions within those countries. We saw increase in the people's willingness to book in Q2, they were ready for their summer travel. And we saw a particular kind of strength in areas of Spain and France throughout the year, throughout the quarter as people want to kind of travel for the summer season. So I don't have much more to say about Europe than kind of what we've included in the letter here.
David Stephenson: Well, again, the pullback we're seeing has been -- is incredibly modest. I really don't want to overstate it. I mean what we're seeing is that Q2 was incredibly strong as people want to travel for Q3 and that our stays in Q3 are incredibly strong, which is driving our strength in revenue and why we articulated that Q3 revenue and profit will be the highest ever. So all that is incredibly strong.  And then it is -- we're kind of waiting and seeing to see what the rest of the impact of travel expectations are in Q3 for the back half of the year. So I don't really have much more that I can share.
David Stephenson: Yes. I mean if you think about it, we have 4 million Hosts around the world. 90% of those are individual Hosts. Then the vast majority of those individual Hosts lists only on Airbnb. And most of their listings are their own personal property or maybe a second home that they have.  And so I think one of the benefits we have is that people don't get rid of their primary home and not always their secondary home just because of the near-term impacts of what we're seeing with COVID. And so I think that fact, that resilience of our individual hosts is what's leading to the fact that we have had stable overall listings growth. I think that's why we're quite proud about it in Q1 and then while we're seeing increases from Q1 to Q2 in the areas where we have the most demand.  And so as people are ready to travel back to urban locations and as people are going back to the kind of the historic strengths of Airbnb, our Hosts are ready to and bring them back. And I think that's been the power. The inverse could have easily been true, where if you're more reliant on professional Hosts, they may be delisting, not ready for the travel rebound and not ready to accept our guests. That's not the case of Airbnb. Our Airbnb Hosts are ready to accept travelers whenever they're ready to travel.
David Stephenson: Yes. The Superhosts program is really -- that is a loyalty program for Hosts, right? And that's why we continue to invest. Those are our best Hosts. We have over 800,000 around the world. I think that's really key. And then, actually, what we've seen with our Hosts churn has actually decreased from what we saw pre-COVID. So it was lower in 2020 than it was in 2019, and it's lower in 2021 than it was in 2020. So we'd be overall can certainly continue to actually decline right now.
David Stephenson: Sure. Our take rate has actually been very consistent. So if you time adjust our revenue to gross booking value, the take rate is approximately 15%, and it's been very stable during -- so when you time adjust it.
David Stephenson: Yes. I guess I just will add that, remember, that we're not really just a travel company. We are about stays of any kind. And I think we talked about a lot on the call today, the fact of the trends of 28-day stays and longer, even 7 days and longer, the flexibility that people have when they travel, the fact that travel and living is blurring, I think all of these are kind of incremental ways in which people will travel and can travel on Airbnb.  And so clearly, there's this pent-up demand, and people are yearning to travel again. But I just think all of these other tailwinds of travel trends are really benefiting our business over the long term.
Brian Chesky: Yes, Stephen -- yes, Stephen, thanks. It's a great question. Let me like preface this by saying the following. There's been a major paradigm shift in how people search for travel on the Internet. Before the pandemic, the way search was on the Internet for travel was the vast, vast majority of people came to a website, a travel website, typically an OTA, and they would type in a location. They have a location in mind, and they go to date, and they check -- type a date to check-in, and a date to check-out.  So this is really fixed search. People know where they're going to go. With the pandemic, I think it's safe to say the world is never going back to the way it was, and that means travel isn't going back to the way it was. And the way travel is evolving is that people because they're able to work more remotely, they're more flexible. And what we are seeing, Stephen, is that 40% of our guests have flexibility about where or when they travel. And to give you one example of one of the things we've done, flexible dates. We have a couple of flexible date features. We have a feature that you can tap, I'm flexible, and you can say I'm looking for a place for a weekend, a week or a month, sometime in the next few months. And what we have seen is with our flexible date feature, it's being used more than 500 million times. This is a feature that's been used 0.5 billion times since we launched this feature in the beginning of the year.  We've also seen a very big uptick in the use of flexible destinations as well, where people -- if they're flexible about where they travel, we can recommend them to where to go. Now these features are really important. The reason they're really important isn't just because this is the paradigm shift and how people are searching for travel, but it's also important because this means that we can point demand to where we have supply. And this is a major, major shift for our business.  And so we are going to continue to tweak the products. When you have hundreds of millions of data points on a feature, you learn, and we're continually innovating. But I will also just say that this is just the very beginning because our team is not going to rest on their laurels. We are working really, really hard to continue to offer more flexibility to guests and continue to be able to inspire them and point them to where we have available supply.
Brian Chesky: And I'll just add one more really interesting fact. Not long ago, we did a contest online, on social, a contest that allowed people to apply to be able to live on Airbnb. And to be able to be part of this contest, you have to fill out an application and it takes a while to fill out. We got 315,000 applications for people wanting to live on Airbnb, 315,000. And I think what this says is that travel is never going to be the same again because it's completely opened up now.  When we started Airbnb, like stays of longer than a month really wasn't a major part of our business. It really wasn't a major use case for us to be able to serve. But flexibility is now a permanent part of travel. It's just a permanent part now because it's all we have to believe is that Zoom is here to stay. And if we believe that Zoom is here to stay, we believe that flexibility in remote living is here to stay. And therefore, it's pretty obvious that what would happen is that we are going to continue to see more and more longer-term stays. And I think this is going to help us smooth out our seasonality over the coming years to come.
Brian Chesky: And I think the one thing I'll just add on -- the one thing I'd just add on, the efficiency of our business. And we've said this in the letter. I also mentioned this in the opening comments. But COVID was a crucible moment for the company. And in that moment, this company, we've gotten significantly more disciplined and much more efficient. And I think that we've all seen the incredible benefits and focus because we've put our very best people on the most important problems in the company.  And because what we've seen does not only have margins improved but actually, we're able to move much more quickly. We can pivot, and I think this explains why we were able to announce and launch more than 100 upgrades on the heels of our IPO in time for the travel season. And so I think that you're going to see a continued acceleration of product innovation because of our discipline and because of our focus.  These are lessons that we will never ever forget. These are lessons that will leave indelible marks for this company.
Brian Chesky: Thank you for the question. So why don't -- Justin, why don't, Dave, I take the second question around take rate for Hosts, and then you can take the first question about flexible dates and how that has affected the booking window.  So with regards to factors to be able to increase take rate, as -- and I'll kind of say what Dave said before, we think there's -- one -- our guiding principle is that we want to make sure that every single year, we are providing incrementally more value to hosts than we're charging them because the name of the game is to make sure that our really strong business model continues to grow, and that means that hosts feel like they have the very best opportunity to host on Airbnb. We want them to always feel like we're giving them more value than we're taking away -- so taking. So that's number one.  Number two, I do think there's a lot of opportunities for us to be able to increase take rate. And if we do that, I think the way we would think about that is by charging for some incremental services that we can provide for hosts. And the more that hosts really rely on Airbnb to be able to continue to grow their business, the more we think they're going to be willing to be able to buy or participate in new services and offerings. But the way we think about this is a nonperishable opportunity.  So as Dave said, we have a number of years in front of us where we can continue to look at offering new services. But what we have focused on this year is this unprecedented travel rebound that's upon us. And so we've worked really, really hard to simplify the guest experience to introduce more flexibility for guests to make it much easier for hosts to come on the platform so that we get thousands and thousands more hosts in time for the travel season.  So with that, I don't know if, Dave, you want to talk about the booking window for flexible dates.
Brian Chesky: Yes, and I'll just kind of just add to that just a little bit. In addition to long-term stays, which is essentially an entirely new category that is not even really traveling, it's living, which has, I think, been significantly expanded by COVID, you have a number of other dynamics happening. People are traveling to many more locations. And oftentimes, people are now traveling to places that don't even have hotels. So that would explain some expansion of TAM there. There's also a general shift from business travel to leisure travel because we think that as fewer people travel for business in their home, they're going to have a greater desire to travel for leisure. And Airbnb obviously is a disproportionately offering new to travel.  And again, over the course of the pandemic, many people, millions of people, in fact, have tried Airbnb for the first time. And the most important thing about growth for Airbnb is you just got to try it because our retention is really strong.  And I think what this says is that Airbnb is no longer an alternative way to travel. I think the term alternative accommodations might be a dated term because maybe it was appropriate 10 years ago. 10 years ago, the TAM was significantly smaller. If you see what it is today, just imagine what it could be 10 years from now. And that's what we're focused on is continually increasing the market by continually adding more categories of travel we can offer and making sure that more people know about this, the new way of traveling.
Brian Chesky: And I think the key point, again, is that we've seen, as demand in markets increase, supply in those markets correspondingly increase.
Brian Chesky: Yes, I can just share and, Dave, if you're going to add as well. Number one, what we've seen is that the vast majority of Hosts on Airbnb, because they're individuals, what they really just want to do is make sure they get enough bookings to fill their calendar, and we found that we can get them enough bookings to fill their calendar. That's not been a problem this year.  And the other thing about our Hosts is they care about the quality of guest on Airbnb. Because these are mostly people's real homes, their primary home or their secondary home, they care a lot about who's in their home. And we provide a huge amount of trust and safety features and protocols to be able to give them peace of mind. And this is what they tell us. And we've really also worked on providing best-in-class customer service.  For example, on May 24, one of the things we announced is the dedicated Superhosts line. This is something that our very best host, our Superhosts, have been asking for. And I think the reception was very, very positive. And so in addition to investing in our hosts, one of the most important thing we can do is to continue and invest in our Superhosts. And if we continue to invest in our Superhosts, there will be no reason for them to list anywhere else.
Brian Chesky: It's a great question, Rob. I think there's 4 things. Number one, I think what the pandemic has shown in this travel recovery that is upon us is that I think the opportunity, number one, for our core business is probably greater than anyone ever really imagined before the pandemic. And part of this is just because, again, more people are traveling to more locations, many of which don't even have hotels, millions of people have been introduced to Airbnb. And I think as cross-border and urban travel recover, you're going to see the huge amount of strength in our core.  So number one, we have a lot of opportunity in our core, and I want to make sure our team is really focused. Number two, as we said, long-term stays is a huge boon to our business. This is an entire category of travel that really wasn't -- didn't really exist when Joe, Nate and I started this company more than 13 years ago. But I think there's this entire new category of travel where travel and living is blurring, so that will be number two.  Three, you mentioned experiences. We thought last year could be a breakout year for experiences. Obviously, the opposite happened. We had to put the product on pause. But I think that people are going to be yearning for experiences. And the reason why is a very simple one.  I think people are yearning to have a meaningful experience. I think you can only sit at home and watch Netflix or streaming services for so many nights in a row before you actually want to get out of house and do something and be with other people. And I think there's going to be a huge amount of pent-up demand for people having authentic experiences all over the world.  And then finally, number four, I think there's a huge number of opportunities to unlock more hosting. We are now living in a world where there's still great economic distress all over the world. And take one example, women have been disproportionately impacted by the pandemic. And 55% of our Hosts are women all over the world. And so we think there's a huge opportunity to continue to unlock more hosting. And we're going to take guidance from the creativity of our community.  When we started the Airbnb, it was really just a way to rent your living room or your bedroom, but our Hosts and their creativity started listing entire homes. And not only did they list entire homes, they started listing castles and boats and tree houses. And so we're going to continue to take guidance from our host community as well, and they will continue to point the way towards where we go, and we're going to continue to innovate to unlock more hosting.  So those are some of our priorities. The good news is they're not really different. It's what we've always been focused on. I think it's just a renewed focus on our core, this amazing new opportunity around long-term stays. We're continuing to double down on experiences, and we'll continue to unlock hosting.  We do all those things. And I think we're going to look back on this is still the very early innings of a much, much bigger business. We're 13 years old, but I think -- as a Founder, I say you don't raise a 13-year old to be a great 14-year-old. You raise them to be a great adult many years from now. And I think that there's a lot of opportunities in this coming decade for us.
Brian Chesky: Well, thank you, everyone, for joining us today. I just wanted to say, once again, it was -- we're very, very proud of the results for this quarter. I think what this proves is that number one, our model is inherently adaptable. We can adapt to the changing use cases of guests, and that's because we have hosted nearly every community offering nearly any type of space at every price point.  And number two, we're continuing to focus on product innovation. We're going to continue to build new products. And these 2 things, I think, have demonstrated that this pandemic, as hard as it's been for us and hard as it's been for everyone all around the world, it's made us a stronger, more efficient and a better company. And we are prepared for what's to come and for the future of travel and the future of living.  So with that, thank you all very much for joining us today. We'll talk to you next quarter.
