Dave Stephenson: Sure. Yes. We’re very proud of the progress we’ve made in our margins in 2021. I mean, we increased them from minus 5% back in 2019 to 27% in 2021. And so, it’s obviously a huge improvement and very proud of the work that we’ve done across the board. But also remember that we’re managing for profitability while investing for growth. We’re still very much in the growth mode investing for the future, and that’s key for us. And what we saw in 2021 was that we had a step change in our marketing expenses and achieved a new level of overall marketing investment as a percentage of revenue. And we’ve already achieved that new baseline and likely not to achieve substantial improvement in the marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue this year. And we also made a step change in our fixed costs and continue to improving our variable costs. We’ll continue to do that. We’ll get more leverage on fixed and keep improving our variable costs. But last year, we also saw the tailwind of average daily rate which definitely helped our margins. And as ADRs may moderate this year and as a mix of our business changes, that will be an offset to some of the further improvements in our fixed cost leverage and variable costs. So if ADRs moderate a little bit less, there’s room for some upside in EBITDA, so. But that’s why we’ve given the guidance we have.
Dave Stephenson: Sure. So, we -- like I said just a minute ago, we achieved a new baseline in our marketing expense as a percentage of revenue. We already achieved that in 2021. So, there isn’t as much opportunity for improvement in that particular line item going forward. On the operation support area, we’re continuing to invest in the community and growth for the support of our guest and host community. So, underlying, we’re making improvements in the underlying rate of our operational support, but we still have other investments on top of that in order to drive those underlying improvements. And so, that one will have a few -- would be relatively flat for this year. And on the product development expenses, again, we’re growing our product development expenses more slowly than we’re growing revenue. So, we’re going to continue to get leverage and discipline on our focused kind of product development efforts. It, again, will just be a less of an improvement than what you saw in 2021. And then, ADR is a little bit of the challenge to forecast. If ADRs remain higher and stronger, that’s a tailwind to EBITDA; if they -- as the business rebounds more urban, more lower ADR regions and ADRs moderate some, that will be a continued headwind for our margins.
Dave Stephenson: I think, you would see a bit of both. I mean, if you go back to what we’ve seen for the average daily rate throughout 2021, early in the year, it was almost exclusively driven by mix. So, it’s the rebound of U.S. and European travel. It’s been a rebound in non-urban whole home, larger homes. So, the ADR was almost entirely mix. In the year, especially around the peak travel season around the summer, we started seeing some price appreciation in high-demand locations, think mid-summer. And so, there was more price appreciation in those areas. And it was about equal price appreciation to mix, both in Q3 and that stabilized relatively in Q4. And so, with the amount of demand for travel, the ADRs, we’ve not seen it take a significant tamper down on demand for people who travel. I think there’s a lot of pent-up demand for people to get out of their homes to travel and live. And I think they’re just constantly looking for the opportunity to kind of travel. In terms of the opportunity for host to earn more money, I mean, as there could be challenges in inflation driving up costs for individuals, they can certainly be empowered to become host as a source of earning additional income. And so, we see that Airbnb actually could be a solve for that. Airbnb have had hosts earn $150 billion as hosts on Airbnb, and I think continue to use us as a great way to earn additional income going forward.
Dave Stephenson: Sure. Just to step back, remember that in 2019, kind of before the pandemic, we shifted our marketing strategy to be more brand-driven and even less dependent on search engine marketing. And so, we made that shift and it kind of was proven to be the right shift to be made not only in 2019, but obviously in 2020 and 2021. And what we’re currently seeing is still 90% of our traffic remaining to be direct and unpaid. And so, we’re continuing to focus more of our spend in brand marketing and less on the search engine marketing. And you are right that the brand marketing then should be more fixed, it’s more of a fixed investment. But what we’re seeing is great success in the brand marketing that we did last year, and we’re going to be expanding it to more countries. And so, to the extent that we expand into additional countries, there will be some incremental more brand marketing spend in this year. But you’re right, once we are penetrated in most of the countries around the world, we can see more leverage because it becomes more of a fixed cost. And as you grow revenue, you can kind of grow revenue out above the marketing. I just -- we don’t expect to see that additional leverage in 2022, but we could see it in 2023 and beyond.
Dave Stephenson: Yes. Broadly, what we’re seeing is that our growth in new supply has been relatively consistent with the distribution of individual versus professional hosts that we’ve seen typically. Like, the majority of our listings are unique to Airbnb and from our individual host community. And so, we’re continuing to see the growth in our overall number of listings to be consistent with the relative distribution that we’ve historically seen. We don’t specifically break out the individual versus professional host by geography. I’ll just tell you that broadly, we are continuing to see that we focus on the unique needs of the individual hosts, individual host community. That’s what we’re focused on, and that’s where we’re continuing to see the growth. So, the mix overall has remained relatively stable between individuals and professional hosts during this most recent period.
Dave Stephenson: I think broadly, the good news is that we’re really not seeing a major shift in change overall. The demographics have been relatively consistent throughout this rebound and our new cohorts have -- it’s early, but our new cohorts are still aging consistently with what we’ve seen new booking cohorts age in the past, the repeat booking rates and things. So, I think that’s a nice opportunity for us to introduce Airbnb to millions of new guests and it’s great that those guests at least in the early days, are having similar rebooking rates as what we’ve seen historically.
Dave Stephenson: Sure. On the take rates, the long-term stays, they have a moderately lower take rate because the guest needs are a little bit lower. And the ADRs or the average daily rates are just staying for longer because hosts often offer a discount. But those lower take rates and ADRs are offset by the fact that they’re longer than short-term stays and the costs actually support them. So lower customer support costs another -- and actually have a more nights booked. Those are benefit and become a tailwind and we generate similar contribution margins from a long-term stay booking relative to the short-term stay bookings. So, the dynamic is a little bit different on the top, but the bottom line contribution is more similar.
Dave Stephenson: Sure. Yes. Like I said earlier in the call, the average daily rate early in 2021 was almost exclusively driven by mix, country mix, urban versus nonurban and whole homes or whole home non-urban, Europe, U.S., just has a higher daily rate. And then towards the back half of the year, both in Q3 and Q4, we saw some price appreciation in high-demand markets and kind of peak periods. And so, then it was more equally weighted between the two. And so, then, what we’ve seen kind of coming in and we expect that as urban comes back, and we are continuing to see urban accelerate every quarter and some of our lower ADR markets start coming back, and we have seen places like Latin America now well above 2019 rates. So, we would see some moderation in the ADRs. What we’re seeing early in 2022 and included in this -- in the letter is we anticipate about a 4% increase still year-over-year, so Q1 ‘22 over Q1 ‘21 in ADR. So, we’re still seeing strong ADR rates and anticipate that will be the case here early in the year. And what’s tougher to forecast is the rate of return of those lower ADR segments and then how much of the price appreciation kind of steps. But we would anticipate some moderation of ADRs through the back half of the year. We just don’t know exactly how much. And then, on the capital allocation, I do tell you that I sleep better at night now that we have $8 billion of cash in the bank relative to the position we were in -- prior to COVID or midst of COVID. And it enables us to have the flexibility to continue to invest in growth because that’s what we’re focused on is to grow this business. And we can continue to use some of that cash in case we wanted to use it for any kind of acquisitions, although acquisition is not our primary kind of growth driver. And one change that we did announce here in the letter of this quarter is that we are planning to pay for our RSU tax obligations for employees with cash rather than selling to cover. So we will be net settling those shares, and that will be a use of about a little more than $1 billion of cash during the year. But, I’m very proud about how -- with our investments. So, thank you.
Dave Stephenson: Sure. As we kind of mentioned earlier, the key is that -- on the supply side, remember that we have 4 million hosts. The vast majority of those are individual hosts, 90% of those are individual hosts. And the individual hosts hosting their own home or often the second home. And so, what we found kind of during the pandemic is people don’t get rid of their own or their second home just because there’s a global pandemic and they’re not having hosting. When people are ready to travel, they’re there and ready to travel again. So actually, we’ve been quite proud of the fact we’re pleased that our actual supply has remained as stable as it has throughout this pandemic. And I think that’s what you’re seeing in regions outside of where we’re seeing a lot of the rebounds, U.S. and Europe, while there could be softness or not as much growth there. That growth would be there when the demand comes back. And that’s why we’re highlighting the growth that we saw in the high-demand areas. We did grow 20% in the U.S. non-urban because that’s where we’re seeing a greater amount of demand. Airbnb is amazingly self-healing dynamic with the approach to how we add supply to our environment. So, I think as the market comes back, we’ll continue to do it. And then go ahead, Brian.
Dave Stephenson: Yes, summer demand and ADRs. I mean, I think we’re just seeing strong demand for travel. People are ready to travel this summer. We have 25% more nights booked for the summer travel season than we did in 2019. They’re ready to get out and do that travel. And obviously, we are seeing that ADRs are higher. But as I mentioned earlier in the call, both in Q3 and Q4, a portion of that was mix and about an equal portion was due to price appreciation. So, that stayed relatively stable. In other words, we didn’t see price appreciation go up higher as a driver in Q4. It was fairly stable. So, that’s kind of what we have currently forecasted for what we’ve shared in our guide here in Q1.
Dave Stephenson: We notice that in 2020 and 2021 we did scale back our investment in those areas. I mean it’s key to have hotels still in the network gaps. But as cities are starting to return and we’re getting urban coming back, that’s when the time we’ll need to fill those network gaps with hotels. And so, what we’ve seen in Q4 is that the nights remain depressed here over two years, and they’re slightly down kind of quarter-over-quarter due to Omicron. But our revenue’s a little bit stronger relative to that due to a little bit higher ADRs, which we’re seeing in hotels, similar to what we’re seeing in other parts of the business. So, we’ll invest in hotels over the long term. It’s just not our immediate focus.
Dave Stephenson: On the marketing campaign, as I said earlier, we anticipate our marketing expense as a percentage of revenue in 2022 to be relatively consistent with that in 2021. So I’m not anticipating further deleverage and also not anticipating a lot of incremental leverage. As we’re growing this year, we’ll be expanding the investment to more countries. And as you noted, like our -- some of the brand marketing that we’re doing in support of host. I think one of the powers to remember of our marketing is that we can speak to both sides of the marketplace. So, anytime we market Airbnb, we can actually talk to both, guests and hosts. And as Brian mentioned earlier, one of our single largest sources of new hosts are our formal guests. On the ADR, long-term stays are dilutive on the ADR as a percentage goes up. but it’s kind of offset by some other -- the other factors that we talked about on the call today, both mix shift and price appreciation is what continues to buoy the ADR rates overall.
Dave Stephenson: Yes. The GBV is primarily driven by the -- relative to nights is driven by the increase in ADRs. So, our absolute kind of take rate on a percentage of GBV is actually remaining fairly stable, so.
Brian Chesky: Hey Stephen. This is a really, really great question. And you are correct that there -- that -- just let me preface our supply question by saying that there’s this entire acceleration in this new category of travel, which is that people are less tethered to an office, so they can now live anywhere, not everyone but a lot of people. Additionally, we are really optimistic about cross-border travel rebounding and urban travel rebounding. So, all of the original Airbnb use cases from pre-pandemic are going to come back, I think, in full throttle, probably better than before because of pent-up demand. Now, because of that, we need to make sure we have enough supply. So, let’s talk about how we get that. Well, the first thing I’d say is that one of the great things about our business is we have a global network. And so, what that means is the number one source of host on Airbnb are prior guests. In fact, in Q4, 33% of hosts were prior guests, and that number has been going up over the last couple of years. The other really interesting phenomenon we see is the markets, the fastest supply growth are also the markets have a static demand growth. That’s really interesting. And we think the reason why is most of our community are regular everyday people. They’re teachers, their health care workers, they’re students and really everyday people. And as they make money and they get a lot of bookings, we think what’s happening is they’re telling their friends in their neighborhood and community, and they are also listing, and then some other people are expanding their business. So that’s the first thing is our global network. Next, we have a full funnel approach to recruiting hosts. First, Stephen, we need to make sure that more people know about hosting. We want the brand of hosting to be as mainstream as the brand of Airbnb, which is a noun, a verb used all over the world. So, we did two major host brand campaigns last year: Made Possible by Hosting and a Stranger campaign, and both campaigns have driven a lot more traffic and a lot prospective people to Airbnb. Next, we want to make sure it’s easier to become a host. So, what we did last year is we reduced the number of steps down to 10 easy steps to become a host. One of the things we’ve learned over the course of starting Airbnb and growing Airbnb is the number of -- the less friction, the better the conversion funnel. And so, as we make something easier, more people do it. And we also know that hosting is something that makes people ask questions about. And so, what we wanted to do is match our very best prospective host with their very best Superhost, so they can ask questions and get their questions answered. And this has led to a higher conversion rate of people becoming host. And then finally, we wanted to start addressing the obstacles that people are hosting. Now, one of the most common obstacles we heard are people were nervous about their home being damaged when they rented out to guests. And so, we launched last year with AirCover, top-to-bottom protection, free for every host only in our Airbnb, and this included $1 million damage protection and liability insurance. The last thing I’d say, though, is in addition to our global network, in addition to our supply strategy, is this other real important point. This is kind of the Holy Grail, which is that because more people are flexible about where and when they’re traveling, it means we’re further up funnel. 800 million searches have used I’m Flexible. And this means that we can start to point demand where we have supply because we are not supply constrained globally on any night of the year. The challenge is just that too many people go to too few places at the same time. But as the world gets more flexible, we can balance supply-demand in addition to our other strategies. So that’s the answer, global network, a full host recruitment strategy and pointing demand to where we have supply.
Brian Chesky: Yes. Hey Mario, I can take both and then Dave, you can feel free to elaborate on anything I didn’t get to. But, I’ll do both of these. All right. So let’s talk about unlocking the next generation of hosts. And the question is, is there any area that we’re under-indexing in? I don’t know if I’d say there’s an area we’re under-indexing in, but I can tell you where I see the biggest opportunity. Airbnb, we started because my roommate and I were living in San Francisco, we couldn’t afford to pay rent. So in other words, we weren’t a small business. We weren’t a vacation rental owner. We were just kind of everyday people. We weren’t a property management company. And we started Airbnb, the real innovation was we created tools to allow everyday people to be able to become host for the very first time. And because of that, nearly 90% of our hosts are individuals. They’re school features, healthcare workers, students. Our hosts have earned over $150 billion since we started and 55% of them are women. So, what we’re going to do is continue to focus on individuals. We’re going to continue to support property managers. We’re continuing to invest in them. We also have hotels, but we think probably the biggest growth area is going to be individuals. And the reason why is because things like inflation are providing more pressure on families all over the world and they’re going to require economic opportunity to be able to make it through this difficult time. And we saw that we started Airbnb during the 2008 recession. And many people were turning to Airbnb because the economic empowerment provided. So, I think that most people don’t realize that they can make an incremental $9,000, $10,000 a year by hosting occasionally. And then there are a number of people that are incredibly successful. We see people renting unique properties that are making tens of thousands of dollars, even hundreds of thousands dollars a year. So, we think just getting the message out to everyday people, they can become a host, making it easier and addressing the obstacle systematically is the key opportunity. And this is true in geographies, all of the world, from North America, Europe, Latin America, Africa and APAC. So, that’s what we’re really seeing. And then on the service fees and take rate, let me just say this. There is no question that we have obviously the opportunity to increase take rate on the guest side and the host side. Now, we don’t want to just increase the tax for the service. We want to make sure that we’re going to increase our prices that -- or if we’re going to increase fees, that’s going to be because we’re offering services that our guests or hosts want to pay for. We want to make sure that every single year, the value listing is increased. Right now, those opportunities to increase monetization efforts are not the most perishable opportunities right now. And the reason why is we think this is a once-in-a-generation opportunity for this huge travel rebound. We have these new use cases. People are living anywhere all over the world. But we also have the return of cross-border travel, the return of urban travel. So, we are totally focused on responding to this travel market share as possible. Now, the bigger we get and the more scale we get, the more services we could potentially offer to guests and hosts. And what we’ve seen is there’s a lot of services that you can offer to host. I think Alibaba, Amazon, Etsy, Shopify and others have proven that there’s a huge opportunity in this area. It’s just not the most perishable opportunity right now, so we’re focused on market share.
Brian Chesky: And then, Jed, why don’t I take the question about competition, hotels and more commodity offerings. So, I think the important thing -- I mean this is just one thing to think about. The longer you’re away from a home, the more I think you want to be in a home. And if you actually look at the growth of Airbnb by length of stay, every length of stay segment, except for one grew from this time in 2019, Q4 2019. For example, 1 month stays grew, 1 week stays grew, 3 nights stays, 5 nights stays grew. The only stay category that didn’t grow were 1 night stays. Presumably, these are business travel stays. I don’t think that business travel is going to ever come back the way it was before the pandemic. It doesn’t mean business travel is not going to back. I just think it’s going to be different because the way we work is different. And I think that the bar to get on an airplane to travel for a meeting will just be a little higher than before. Now, I do think that the travel market is so big that I think there’s so much room for both, Airbnb and hotels. And actually, I think many hotels are going to consider it to be a very important distribution platform for them. The bigger we get, the more important we actually are to them. I also think the hotels are going to have a really great opportunity with a lot of group travel conferences, like really large like events and offsites. So, they’re going to have their area where I think they’re going to thrive and I think we are going to have ours as well. But I don’t actually see like a massive overlap. I do think there are some very distinct use cases that are great for Airbnb and some others that are great for hotels and hotels exist on Airbnb.
Brian Chesky: And maybe I’ll just -- maybe -- and maybe, Brian, I’ll just say one other thing. I think the thing that’s like really quite unique about Airbnb is we’re not just a brand for young travelers or old travelers. We’re not just a budget brand or a luxury brand. We are really -- we range from budget to luxury, young travelers to retirees. We’re in U.S., also in Europe. We’re in every continent in the world, and we’re not just urban, we’re urban and nonurban. And so I think the adaptability of our model and the incredible selection that we have really brings the kind of the whole world to Airbnb. And so, we’re seeing -- and I think I continue to expect that really all demographics are going to continue on Airbnb. It’s a pretty unique brand that can really flex in that way. And so, I think it’s one of the great points of our global network.
Brian Chesky: Yes. That’s great. So Dave, why don’t you take the length of stay, take rate dynamics and I can talk about the key obstacles people have for hosting.
Brian Chesky: And as far as addressing the obstacles, Brian, what we’ve seen is we’ve listened to thousands of hosts and we took a very systematic approach to the journey from people learning about Airbnb hosting to listing to going through the entire process. And the first thing we want to make sure is people know the benefits of hosting. Most people don’t realize the economic opportunity the hosting provides. They don’t realize that you can host in 10 easy steps. They don’t realize that the vast majority of people get their first booking within three days. We want to make sure that if they have any problems they can get help they need, so we’re going to continue to expand the Ask a Superhost program. We have some ideas to reduce the effort to hosting even further, and we want to continue to provide more protection like AirCover to get even more people a peace of mind. I think the thing about Airbnb hosting, that’s pretty unique compared to other marketplaces is almost any type of person can be a host. Most of the people listening to this call could be a host. You could be renting your second home. We -- people rent their primary home. People can rent their homes when they’re gone. And so I think there’s something about hosting that can apply to people of all walks of life. And that’s what we’re going to be focused on.
Brian Chesky: Yes. Thanks very much, Lloyd. So, Dave, I think you can take both of them, and I’m happy to round up the answers. The first one is obviously on host supply, how we’re feeling about the environment on a multiyear basis and the backlog of hosts. And second, obviously, summer demand, what that means for GBV ADR.
Brian Chesky: Thanks, Andrew. Why don’t we do this? Why don’t I, Dave, take marketing? I’ll start there because I wanted to just recap how we’re thinking about marketing over the coming years. And then you can take our progress with hotels and the platform. Let me just back up and just talk about how we’re thinking about marketing, Andrew. We have a pretty different marketing approach than our competitors because we take a full funnel approach to marketing. And it combines PR with brand marketing and performance marketing, and PR is actually probably the most important channel to build the brand of Airbnb. And that is because Airbnb has got an offering that’s really unique. And so, because of that, people are deeply passionate about, they tell one another and every Airbnb’s become a noun and a verb used all over the world. We got more than 0.5 million articles on Airbnb just last year alone. So, it’s been a very important part of our marketing strategy. And I think this explains why nearly 90% of our traffic remains direct or on pace. Now we take brand marketing, we think of as really investment in educating the world about Airbnb. So, it’s not really about buying customers but educating people what makes Airbnb special. And then we think of performance marketing as really a laser, to laser in on balancing supply and demand. Now with regards to brand marketing going forward, it’s a great question. I think we’re going to focus on a couple of big areas. Number one, yes, we think the area that needs a little more investment is the brand of hosting. The brand of Airbnb is noun and verb used all over the world. And very few people at this point who travel regularly and book travel on Internet don’t know about Airbnb. But we don’t think enough people know about the incredible economic benefits to hosting and just be incredible, like what it brings to people’s lives to be able to bring the world to their home. But the other thing is we have a lot of really big innovations that we’re going to be launching this year. And so, we want to actually put some of our brand marketing dollars behind some of the new product innovations that I’m incredibly excited to deal this year. And so, those are two of the areas that we’re going to continue to invest in. Again, we think of marketing as education, education and what we have that’s unique and different, and we’re going to educate the world about hosting, and we’re going to educate the world about our new products and innovations this year. With that, why don’t I hand it over to Dave. Maybe the only other thing I’d say of hotel, before we talk about how they’re doing on our platform is, again, the core o our community are individual hosts. But the great thing of our platform is property managers and hotels are great ways to fill the network gap. We think most people come to Airbnb to book something unique, one-of-a-kind stay from an everyday host. But we always want to make sure we never have any network gaps. We never want somebody come to Airbnb and leave having not found a place to stay. And so, we think hotels and property managers continue to be a very important part of our strategy. And the more demand we give them, the more they will continue to come on our platform. I don’t know, Dave, you want to talk a little bit about the progress of hotels on our platform.
Brian Chesky: All right. Well, thanks for joining us today, everyone. Just to summarize what we shared today. 2021 was a record year for Airbnb. We hit new highs of gross booking value, revenue, net income and adjusted EBITDA. We made more than 150 upgrades and innovations across every aspect of our service. But we’re not stopping there. In 2022 and beyond, the world will continue to change as millions of people choose to live anywhere. And Airbnb will relentlessly innovate to support this new world. We’ve now been a public company for more than a year. And I want to end today by thanking our employees who worked tirelessly to make all of this innovation possible. And to our millions of guests and hosts around the world, I want to thank you for trusting us in helping build Airbnb into what it is today. Thank you all. And I’m going to speak to you again soon from a number Airbnb somewhere around the world. See you.
