Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, Ali, as you know, we've been – our ROEs in 2016, we didn't make a lot of progress over where we were in 2015, and that's primarily due to lower authorized ROEs. So, when I look at 2017 and when I look at 2018, we will continue to, I think, close that gap, albeit on a lower authorized ROE. We'll primarily do that through entering into multiyear plans. We expect approval in Minnesota of our multiyear plan and we expect we'll have another multiyear plan in Colorado. We'll combine that with our cost initiatives, and I think where that'll put us in 2018 is probably in the low 9s as far as blended utility ROEs. And so, we'll make steady progress towards that.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, the lag is – you've cut into the lag significantly under the multiyear plans. It's just that it's at a lower base rate of 9.2%. So, I don't have the exact number. But I think we've probably got, what, about...
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah, I don't think the quarter is indicative of where we think trends will go. We are seeing good customer growth, Ali, in Colorado and Minnesota and other jurisdictions. That growth we are typically going to keep under the decoupling mechanisms either in place or proposed. You put it all together, though, and we think the long-term trend's that zero to 0.5% growth.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Okay. Thank you. And so, Julien, that's why the legislation is being proposed because the constituents at Becker, where the Sherco site is located, are worried about tax base loss, and they want to preserve as many jobs as possible. And as an aside, we've been working very closely with those stakeholders and driving other forms of economic development to the region as well. So, our plan has always been about pragmatic decarbonization. But we're also very respectful and understanding of the communities that are impacted and trying to minimize that impact. And our proposal to the Commission did just that. And again, I think our legislators like to just move it along a little quicker. As your last part of your question...
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I think it's a combination. Our rate base growth is in the upper 5%. So, I mean, we're clearly focused on executing on what we have embedded in our capital plans. That would be the proposal here in Minnesota. It would be developing specific projects, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, to cover that $1.5 billion of renewables in our CapEx program. So, if you execute on that, you execute on the – getting the settlement on the multiyear plan in Minnesota, you get another multiyear plan in Colorado. Then our cost initiatives should improve the ROE, as I mentioned. And you put all that together, and I think it would bode pretty well for our EPS growth rate over the next five years.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, there's a lot of execution that goes with that. But that would certainly be what we'd be shooting for.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: No. I think, based upon the robustness of the bidding, I think we're looking at 1,500 megawatts. We have a 750-megawatt self-build proposal, as you know. Our pricing is very competitive with that, and we've also seen competitive PPAs and competitive Build-Own-Transfer. So, it leads me to believe that, at the end of the day, we'll have ownership opportunities for 750 megawatts, potentially some upside there, but at this point, that's what our assumption is.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. Thanks for that question, Travis, because I think it's a really important thing to talk about. I actually think that it strengthens our Resource Plans and what we're trying to accomplish, because we've always been about approaching carbon reduction from a pragmatic standpoint. I mean, steel-for-fuel is a great example of that; never losing sight of customer affordability, never losing sight of reliability, not being really interested in running massive science experiments. And so, there have been times, despite our environmental leadership, where we've been critical of some public policies and other things, which we didn't think it was the most pragmatic, efficient way to get things done. So, I now think there's more opportunity to rally around our plans, which have always been pragmatic. And that's in Minnesota, that's in Colorado. And I think you continue to advance the ball there, because it just makes economic sense. And by the way, the economic sense is what we'd be reporting to you later in the year about what's taking place in SPS where that would be driven by economics. So, it's a little counterintuitive, but I actually think it makes what we've been proposing that much more appealing.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. I mean, that's a good question, Stephen. I do think we have to be careful that we don't try to give model specific, quantifiable, this is what we'll do and blah, blah, blah, because post 2021, I mean, I think you're going to have so many variables that – first of all, I think, as Bob said, we're in the early innings. And disruption with border tax adjustments, I mean, it just leads me to believe that if tax reform happens, we'll be talking – and we're talking about it this time next year, it will be a lot different than what we're talking about now. That said, yeah, I mean, it does create headroom, and that's a good thing. And we certainly have a lot of investment potential to invest in a grid. We have some grid investment initiatives. But you know that our approach has always been to make sure that we don't invest so much that it starts to make our prices rise more than an acceptable level. So, we've always throttled that back. And that's one of the reasons why we concentrate on steel-for-fuel, because it doesn't raise prices. If you create the headroom, then you can push the throttle down on CapEx, specifically as it relates to the grid. I will say, though, and Bob mentioned it in his remarks, that I am working with EEI and my colleague CEOs to convince federal legislators that our industry – while everybody thinks it's unique, we truly are unique, and I don't think the long-term trade of receiving bonus depreciation in exchange for non-deductibility of interest, which is a permanent difference when you get to the regulatory rate-making arena, is a good trade for customers or shareholders. Obviously, industry and Xcel would adapt. And I'm optimistic that we'd get the right kind of tax reform and the economy will grow and we'll all benefit from that. But I do think we need to be careful to try to give exact quantifications long term. I'd rather just talk about the trends that we see and what we like to see differently.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. So, we would make the proposal, I think, in the spring. Is that right, Marvin? In the spring of this year. The Commission would then take up to 12 months to actually approve it. And we've calculated that all into our construction schedules, et cetera. So, it all would be put together in time to enjoy the 100% value of the Production Tax Credits.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: No, there isn't a formalized RFP process at SPS. So, we are working with site developers and, as I mentioned, we're in late-stage discussions on how that would all work. But this would be our ownership.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: This is Ben. It doesn't change that strategy. We know Jeff Ackermann very well, and I think he's going to be a great Chair. Wendy Moser, she definitely knows the business. So, I think we're quite optimistic about what the new Commission looks like. We also had some changes in Minnesota, and I think those changes are going to be productive and constructive. And we look forward to working with the Minnesota Commission as well. So, I think they're positives.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Okay. Yeah, I mean I think – I don't know if we'll get multiyear or not. I think that depends on the negotiations. We do think that these cases are set up to settle. And so, that will be the primary driver. We would also like to see the gas rates in effect before the winter heating season.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I would say, we're not seeing it now, but we certainly have saw in past years. And that's why we kind of had some of the issues we had a few years ago, as we pushed through a significant amount of capital, particularly associated with the relicensing of our nuclear plants. The bottom line is, I think it's very difficult to justify more than a 2% to 3% increase in rates. That's why we've been very cautious as we – you heard in my remarks before, we have a lot of money we can spend in the grid, and we'll go as fast as our customers and our regulators want us to go. And typically, that means a kind of an inflationary-type pace of rate increases. This is why we're so excited about steel-for-fuel, because it pays for itself. But I absolutely – but we're very mindful of that, and our capital plans respect that.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: The only thing that we weren't – that we had to – we were confident in, that's why it was in the forecast, but that we had to actually solutionize, if you will, was the $1.5 billion. Everything else is pretty much identified.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I think, Andy, every time we have significant changes, either to the upside or the downside, we're always going to take a look at what that means for our long-term growth rate and update accordingly. And so, as you get more time and more certainty, and certainly what you're talking about, it would be execution, as I mentioned, and we'll take a look at it. And we'll take a look at if there's any tailwinds that – or headwinds, rather, that might have surfaced as well. So, look for us to – we continue to review that long-term growth rate. And if it needs to change, we'll change it.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean I'm not going to get specific on the timeframe. We just continue to look at what's happened and what we think will happen in the future.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I appreciate that, Andy, because you're right, it is. And again, I think, as I've said before, our rate base growth is going to increase. But when you have things like steel-for-fuel and the pace of rate increases is modest. And that's really important we think to long-term success. And that's...
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: It sounds like you like our story, Andy. We appreciate that. We'll keep working on it for you, promise.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, this is Ben. Yeah, we've been working closely with, like I mentioned, other CEOs in the industry with EEI, the trade group, as you know. And so, yeah, we've had some preliminary discussions, but I would emphasize the word preliminary. I mean, this is – I think there's a long way to go with tax reform. I really do. And again, I think when we're talking about tax reform a year from now, we'll be talking about something that looks, I believe, a lot different than what's on the table now. I mean, it's just – our industry is impacted. We think there is a way to address that. We think normalization might be that pathway. But when I think of other industries, the retail industry, et cetera, there is major potential disruption. So, I'm not – I really think we'll have – I'm optimistic about tax reform, but I think it will probably look a lot different than what we're talking about today. And I do think the Senate is going to weigh in, and we've heard that.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I don't think – if you read the commentary from the key members of the Senate, I think they're saying that they appreciate what the House has done, but they're going to have their own version of what tax reform should look like.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I mean, it's early. I think you'll see it – you'll see the House version get passed. Then the Senate will take up what I believe will be their own version, which, my personal opinion, and based upon conversations we've had, will look a lot different than the House version. We haven't even talked about transition rules. And I think there'll definitely be transition rules because of the potential disruptive nature. So, I think Bob said in his remarks, give us a couple more quarters and let's see how things go. Things are moving fast in this administration. But I really do think this to get done, unless you try to jam it through in a budget reconciliation process, and even then I think you'd be hard-pressed to get a majority of senators voting on that. I do think this is going to take some bipartisan work. And I certainly hope it is a bipartisan product, because I think that's better for the country, in my personal opinion.
Robert C. Frenzel: I mean, Ali, another way to look at it, we're – if you look at 2016, we earned a little over 9.2% in Minnesota, so we're earning our authorized. The blended authorized ROE for the NSP – for the Xcel system is about 9.6% and currently we're earning about 9%. So, previously, the gap was about 90 basis points. Now, it's about 60 basis points.
Robert C. Frenzel: No. I mean, Ben – Jon, I think that Ben said it all. We true up, as we do with every guidance assumption, and we have ranges. We think that with respect to some of the capital accounts, the depreciation and the rider revenues ,that we can manage within those ranges. And then, as Ben said, the interest expense was both a mark-to-market on what we see in the market since EEI, as well as the holdco bond that we did back in December. So we think it's all manageable. It's a couple of pennies. And I think we can manage through that this year.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah, Chris, I think when you take the deferred tax liability position that the company sits in today, and if you assume, just call it, an effective 40% tax rate and you cut it in half, you change that deferred tax liability. And over time, that changes your rate base as you flow those benefits back to – the cash back to the customers. And secondarily, and probably more importantly, as we continue to spend capital in that program, the deferred tax liability associated with regular maker schedules would set up on your balance sheet at a slightly different level. And so, your rate base would be slightly higher than it otherwise would be at a 40% tax rate.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah. Anthony, this is Bob. I think that, after concluding our Texas rate case that was approved by the Commission, we had negotiated the ability to file the TCRF filing immediately. And you should expect to see that from us sometime this month.
Robert C. Frenzel: Hey, Andy, it's Bob. The construct you're talking about was something we were talking about through most of 2016. When we gave new capital guidance at EE,I or on the third quarter earnings call, we rolled all the sort of upside capital from that into, what I call our base capital plan, and that's reflective of the $18.2 billion capital plan that we now talk about. So, it's all in there.
Robert C. Frenzel: That's correct. I think our rate base growth rate has us 5.5% rate base growth rate over the next five years.
Robert C. Frenzel: Well, thank you all for participating in our call this morning. Please contact our Investor Relation teams if you have any follow-up questions.
Andrew Stuart Levi: No, I think it's a total, like through 2020, I think it is, that you have like – you have your base case and then you have your upside CapEx, as you fill in over time (41:29)...
Andrew Stuart Levi: Okay. I appreciate that. I mean it's just interesting as we go through earnings the last couple of days, it seems, in your case, your growth rate is at least trending towards the high end, if not going higher than the high end, and you'd kind of work out the numbers that's probably higher than the high end. But we'll give you time to...
Andrew Stuart Levi: ...similar to CMS. And then if you kind of look at what we've been dealing with the last couple of days, most companies are taking down their growth rates while you have the potential of raising it. So, hopefully, over time, that will get reflected in your...
Andrew Stuart Levi: I'm sorry. What I'm saying is that over the last couple of days, there have been a number of companies that have been taking down their growth rate, or trending towards the bottom of their growth rate, while yours seem to be trending towards the top of your growth rate and, potentially, the ability to raise that growth rate. So, hopefully, over time, that will be reflected in your stock as far as a relative PE to the...
