Ben Fowke: Well, I’ll at least the first part of that question. Keith, I think our stakeholders in Colorado are just who you would think they would be. The commission itself, the staff, the consumer abdicate groups and of course, largest C&I type customers. So we’re working with all of those stakeholders now as we try to put together a plan that they can buy in to and that’s been a significant portion of our outreach efforts over the last year. In terms of equity I’ll let Teresa, handle that.
Ben Fowke: Yes, I think the biggest variable for us is going to be the CSAPR Rule. And that as you know as I mentioned in my remarks we are litigating, we’ll probably get some kind of response first quarter I think is what we’re anticipating next year. So that’ll be a little bit later most likely than when we are at the analyst meeting. But we have run various scenarios on how we would respond and how we can respond to CSAPR and we’re going to share that with you in December.  Now Greg keep in mind that last year when we issued the CapEx forecast, we had a placeholder for all of these EPA rules and if I recall correctly at SPS it was about 400 million during the five year timeframe. So we’ll update that obviously timing and some other things might change. But I think we are anticipating at some time having to having to do these things. We just weren't anticipating having to do it by January of this year, coming year.
Ben Fowke: Yes, the votes by ballot are due November 1st, so I’ll be able to tell you how it all turned out, pretty shortly. You know Carl, Boulder has had a history of wanting to municipalize. I don’t really don’t think it’s indicative of other cities and municipalities in Colorado. You know and just to reiterate, I mean we want to continue to serve Boulder, I think well, you might have be aware, Carl, we had a major snow storm in Colorado and it impacted Boulder. And I think it’s another example of the service we provide and we were prepared, we call crews up from SPS and out from Grand Junction, and we had them ready and available the night before the snow storm. So we do a pretty good job of serving, we do a good job of providing reliable energy and clean energy, and I sure hope the citizens see it that way too, if not we’ll work with them, and it will take a while, but we’ll figure out the fair price, so that our other customers in Colorado aren’t disadvantaged. But I don’t think, the short answer to your question is, that it’s a trend that you’re going to see across our jurisdiction.
Ben Fowke: I would say that the states that we’re seeing the flattest sales would be Minnesota and in Colorado, which happens to be our two largest states.
Ben Fowke: We are seeing much greater sales in Texas and we’re seeing an uptick in Wisconsin as well. So you got to keep in mind though that when the recession hit the hardest a few years ago, we were much less impacted than other parts of the country. So we are not seeing that rebound, we continued to see sluggish and flat sales, but we weren’t hurt as bad others to begin with. And there are signs that the larger C&I customers are starting to pick up, they always had in Texas, but in other regions as well.
Ben Fowke: Ali, I don’t think there’s anything more we comment on related to equity. And as a point two, we’ve always said no equity in 11; we haven’t really talked about ‘12 before.
Ben Fowke: Yes, I think what we have done Ali then is just give the amount of equity we need over multiyear timeframe and we look at market conditions and all the other things that you would think and we pick when the best time is.
Ben Fowke: Well, Ali, you raised this question, I think it’s a great one. We certainly are going to address regulatory lag. We have the writers, we have the forward testers, but things like an expanded CapEx program sluggish sales, they’ve kind of kept those spinning our wheels on regulatory lag. Multiyear rate cases etcetera will help tremendously to close that lag and we’re under earning now. So I think we can close that gap that would be a nice pickup for us.
Ben Fowke: I mean we’ve – we are enjoying some good weather this year always, so it’s a little bit – I would just say it’s normal and if there is anybody else who has a different break on it.
Ben Fowke: Well, it’s a great question. We are always looking, we’re filing resource plans in our two major jurisdictions here over the next, I guess it would be the next month, and you will see what kind of resource we need and you kind of have to start there. Then we’ll work backwards with the opportunities that go with IPPs and PPAs. Always looking Ali if it makes sense and we’ll do it but I don’t see anything any, it’s kind of new neutral I guess is what I would say that this point.
Ben Fowke: No, that’s all what we would do is recoverable, Leslie I am not sure that there is much of an emission allowance market and that’s the problem. So when we think about what we would do, if we had a compliant 2012, we’d obviously wait to see if that emissions to market developed, but in the absence of that we would try to basically a lot of ways turn our system upside down and run gas plants more like base load plants and not run our coal plants nearly as often.  So the cost of that would be fuel and that fuel is that’s passed through to our customers. Obviously we don’t think that’s a good plan from a cost perspective and clearly it’s not a good plan from a reliability perspective. Hence the suit that we’ve filed and again I just think there has to be a more reasonable outcome than a 2012 compliance plan.
Ben Fowke: I think one year will be pretty tough too Leslie, I think it takes time to put, I think the plan would probably be SCRs and NCRs and Scrubbers and/or DCI technology and that takes time. So we would be looking for a longer timeframe than that.
Ben Fowke: Well, the recovery platform at SPS has improved. We continue to make sure that we can continue to improve it. So at this point we don’t have a writer to cover these sorts of things, but I think we have the opportunity in just like we have in Colorado we are working with our stakeholders down there and I think we have a lot of stakeholder support to do the right thing for the system and get the kind of recovery we need to. So we are not there yet, but it’s my anticipation that we would have a good regulatory plan to go along with this, Dave or Scott anyone of you want to add anything.
Ben Fowke: Yes. We continue to look for opportunities there and we don’t have anything to announce. But I can tell you that we continue to look for the opportunities and be in a position of with take care of production tax credit but obviously the math has to work for our customers as well.
Ben Fowke: I just might add to your question that coming into the year, our plans were some of the better funded plans in the industry. We took a conservative approach with our plans. So while lower discount rates and asset performance in general hasn’t been stellar this year as well all know. I think we’re in a lot better shape and we’ll be in a lot better shape by the end of the year. So it’s an expense for us but we’re a better positioned I believe than most.
Ben Fowke: I think if you have a large capital expenditure, it’s not a bad risk management tool either. But it’s just one tool that we have at our disposal.
Ben Fowke: Yes, Paul I mean I think what drove our decision to pursue that is that we think the economics much less the environmental benefits speak for themselves, the pricing was so attractive that. One of the things that I think we probably need to do a better job of is just talk about the economics of our wind portfolio which average over years and as if the prices are lower today about $40 megawatt an hour which on an energy basis is not a bad hedge against natural gas. And this is the same kind of thought process which drove us to say, it’s a pretty good deal that’s offered to our customers. So I don’t know if you are interested in the approval process but...
Ben Fowke: I think it’s a product of lot of things, I mean if you look at wind; it tends to have some correlation with price of natural gas. There is a lot of uncertainty around production tax credits expire in 2012. So I think developers are interested in moving where they can and I think this is a great site with very good capacity and some new turbine technology. So, all those things came together to make for I think compelling economic deal. I mean there is other opportunities like that as well. But everything has to come together as this one did.
Ben Fowke: No, I think from my perspective, I think the issue is whether or not we put this in our wind source program or whether or not we just think it up to normal system. I think the deal you are right is the economics are pretty compelling; it’s just a matter of how we want to introduce it into our portfolio.
Ben Fowke: Sure, Dan it’s really two drivers, one we have some delays in equipment and we also are seeing some delays in the NRC license and so all those things together let’s just push it off to a scheduled refueling in the spring of 2013. So it’s just simple as that really.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board:  Okay. So it’s just held outside of the rate period, say it will just be done at that in a couple of years as opposed to…
Ben Fowke: We’ll update our CapEx working forecast on December 1st our Analyst Day, Dan. So, we’ll give you a new 12 to 16 forecast. I mean this CapEx forecast will go up a bit.
Teresa Madden: In terms of equity we’re currently not planning to issue any equity outside of our DRIP programs for 2012. However, we will be opportunistic and if condition warrants we potentially could maybe enter into a forward equity sale. But currently no plans for any equity issuances outside just our normal DRIP.
Teresa Madden: That deferred fuel adjustment was actually in the third quarter of last year and it was around $20 million. So actually this year we don’t have any adjustments like that. So that’s the primary driver.
Teresa Madden: Well, as I’ve said before, we’re not planning any in 2012, but if we saw an opportunistic option, we may potentially sell an equity forward.
Teresa Madden: Sure, Ali. In terms of our earned ROE at the utility, there tends to be around an average of up to about 100 basis points. So we do pickup from leveraging the holding company about around 50 basis points. Hopefully that helps.
Teresa Madden: We are expecting to see some increase between ‘11 and ‘12 and I would say in general, it’s probably in the $30 million to $40 million range. And we do have that included in terms of our assumption. We have based that on a somewhat lower discount rate and we currently have in our 2011 at a 5.5% discount rate. So we have taken that into consideration. We do expect to see some increase, but we have factored that into our guidance.
Teresa Madden: Thank you for participating in our third quarter earnings call. I look forward to meeting with many of you at the EEI Financial Conference in November, and at our Analyst Meeting in New York at New York Stock Exchange on December 1st. If any of you have any follow up questions, please contact Paul or the IR team, and thanks a lot.
Scott Wilensky: That’s right and we actually noticed the filing, there is legal notice that would require that we indicate that 120 million is part of the request, but as we’ve tried to share this with our customers, we’ll indicate that the level we increase is, the true increase to customers build not the transfer the Calpine assets from the rider debase.Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company:  And just as a point of clarification, I’m assuming that premium paid for the preferred stock is a non-recurring expense item even though it’s included in your ongoing EPS calculation.
Scott Wilensky: I would just add is we do have about 50% of our loan in the whole sale market there and that’s on a formula rate and that would be picked up immediately even without writer really for the states.
Scott Wilensky: I think the reason we like to forward is there is the ability to avoid the dilution impact. There is a cost to use in a forward and so you want if you can use it, you don’t want to have something like that at least we don’t want it have it outstanding for a year. But if you like the price of equity and you want to delay the dilution for four to six months, it’s not a bad way to go.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: I just wanted to touch base with you on the wind contract that guys have with FPL. Did you guys already discuss this; I apologize because I’ve been distracted a little bit here and there.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Yes, the one that decreased rates, same as you guys have made an announcement about and I was just wondering if you could elaborate a little bit about what sort of drove that and how things look in terms of the wind story out there in.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Well, I’d think you’d get it, I mean it seems like a remarkable I guess benefit for customers particularly, but I mean was that sort of a something particularly unusual about that project or is that’s what you are sort of seeing because of the what you’re seeing out there just with the fundamentals of the market. I just wonder if you add a little bit to it, I would talk to you guys offline about it, just sort of wondering if there is there any kind of remarkably sort of beneficial story.
Paul Patterson – Glenrock Associates: Okay. I didn’t mean to cut you off on the regulatory processes, is there anything that we should be thinking about as being an issue there or I mean it just seems like it was such, I don’t know maybe I am missing, but I am sort of playing dunk, I don't…
