Brian Van Abel: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. Turning to our financial results. Xcel Energy had earnings of $0.88 per share for the first quarter of 2024 compared to $0.76 per share in 2023. The increase in earnings reflects our investment of approximately $8 billion over the last 5 quarters to improve resiliency and enable clean energy for our customers while delivering economic growth and vitality for our communities. The most significant earnings drivers for the quarter included the following: the impact of electric and natural gas rate reviews to recover our capital investments increased earnings by $0.12 per share. Lower O&M expenses increased earnings by $0.06 per share, reflecting lower labor and benefit costs, lower bad debt expenses and gains from a land sale for a data center. Non-fuel riders recover capital investment increased earnings by $0.05. Offsetting these positive drivers were higher depreciation and amortization decreased earnings by $0.05 per share, reflecting our capital investment programs. Higher interest charges decreased earnings by $0.05 per share. In addition, other items combined to decrease earnings by $0.01 per share. Coming to sales, year-to-date weather and leap year adjusted electric sales decreased by 0.3% and natural gas sales increased by 1.7% as compared to 2023. Please note that we have revised our projected electric sales growth to 1% to 2% for the year, largely due to declining use per customer and timing delays for expansions for some of our large C&I customers. However, we can certainly expect long-term electric sales to grow 3% annually. During the quarter, we also made progress on a relatively light rate [ calendar ]. In April, the Texas Commission approved our electric rate case settlement without modification. The settlement reflects a rate increase of $65 million based on the black box settlement which includes an ROE of 9.55% and an equity ratio of 54.5% AFUDC process. In our Minnesota Natural Gas rate case, we received intervenor testimony last week. Hearings were scheduled for July and expect the commission decision by year-end or in the first quarter of next year. And in our Colorado natural gas rate case, procedural schedule has been established that reflects intervenor testimony in July, hearings in September and a commission decision in the fourth quarter. Please see our earnings release for more details on our regulatory proceedings. We are reaffirming our 2024 earnings guidance range of $3.50 to $3.60 per share, which is consistent with our long-term EPS growth objective of 5% to 7%. In addition, we've updated our key assumptions to reflect the latest information, which are detailed in our earnings release. With that, I'll wrap up with a brief summary. We are proactively enhancing our operational and wildfire mitigation actions, commanded risk to our systems and protect our customers from extreme weather. We continue to expect to deliver 2024 earnings within our guidance range as [ we have for the past ] 19 years. We are executing on our capital investment plan, including clean generation, transmission, and distribution to support reliability and resiliency and economic development to support our communities. And we remain confident we can deliver long-term earnings growth at or above the top end of our 5% to 7% range starting in 2025 and dividend growth at the low end of our 5% to 7% objective range. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we will now take questions. 
Brian Van Abel: Yes, certainly, Nick. If I go touch upon all that the multiple parts of that question, just please be feel free to follow up. Absolutely we're pretty excited about the upcoming RFP and SPS. We talked about it before seeking a range of generation between 5,000 and 10,000 megawatts combination of renewables and dispatchable firm capacity. And we'll look to launch that RFP in July. It's a little bit of a longer timeline. So I'll help you understand in terms of how -- what's underlying. We do expect to file CPCNs in the summer of 2025. So summer of next year with decisions in Q1 of 2026. So that capital really will be kind of in the '27 to 2030 type of spend time frames. So I think [ it was really elongating, ] adding to the sum of the back end over 5 years but elongating our growth opportunities beyond their 5 year and what we're seeing there. So that's how I think about that capital, but really great opportunity and excited to get started on that. You touched a little bit on that. Absolutely, we're looking to continue to invest in resiliency and risk mitigation spend. Just want to note, we have about $10 billion in our current CapEx spend around distribution and transition resiliency. But as we look to file our Colorado [ WNP ] here later in this Q2, there will certainly be incremental investment needs related to reducing our real wildfire risk. So we'll evaluate all of that within our kind of current normal cadence when we come back in October of this year to provide a kind of roll forward for a '25 to '29 plan, and we think about competition for capital. I think as we sit here today, we're very [ comfortable -- comparable ] with -- I reiterated we'll be at or above the top end of the 5% to 7% range. I think just looking at all the opportunities we have in front of us with rate base of [ opportunities ] above 9%. And we'll let the finance that as we always have been. I think it's important to maintain a strong balance sheet and important to keep that going forward. And so we'll look at it financing incremental growth with accretive equity at that kind of 60%, 40% range. So I hope I touched on everything you're asking about. 
Brian Van Abel: Yes. So the way we think about it, obviously, like I said and reiterated where we expect to be within the growth range. And that takes into account our lower multiple impacts over the past quarter, certainly. As I mentioned, we think about the significant investment opportunities going forward. And it's important to have a strong balance sheet. We try to maintain that strong balance sheet. But obviously, you will look at what is that that's on balance sheet gives us to some timing flexibility from an equity issuance perspective. And obviously, we'll evaluate that and obviously, we'll evaluate whether there's potential timing flexibility our own capital in the near term. But I think overall, as we think fundamentally, everything is intact from a long-term perspective in terms of maintaining a strong balance sheet and funding the investment needs for the clean energy transition with equity as we need to maintain the balance sheet. 
Brian Van Abel: I think, yes, Steve. I'll handle this one, and I'll give you [ key helpers], obviously, we'll point to our disclosures. But I'll give you a little bit more color in terms of that $215 million in the lower end of. 
Brian Van Abel: And here's very large that some of our pockets it includes. Residential properties and related losses, cattle and feed, agricultural structures and fencing, noneconomic damages and then a number of other items. So obviously, this is subject to changes again additional information since we're still early in the process. 
Brian Van Abel: Obviously, it's something you'd expect. Bob and I to evaluate in the normal course, what other options are there. I think we've been -- what you've seen from us is that we were a pretty straightforward conservative financing plan from a company perspective. So I don't -- I think right now, that's our current plan of action. I think I've been on record about not at all interested in minority interest sale in the line. So that's our fair plan of action as we sit here today. 
Brian Van Abel: Steve, I just want to -- just add a little bit of color to that. I think you kind of hinted that, how do we think about it from a current customer perspective [ build ]? I think as we bring on new data centers and is something we did with Meta and the approval of Meta in Minnesota. We make sure it's a win-win for our existing customers. That's really important as we continue to move forward with this significant opportunity.  And I think there's an opportunity there to work with our policymakers and regulators, to help drive economic development within the right context and then also ensuring that we can move quickly because you will need to build out infrastructure both on the generation side and the wire side that can serve some of these significant opportunities that we're seeing over the next 5 to 10 years. 
Brian Van Abel: Yes. Jeremy, I think -- I mean, as Bob has mentioned, we're seeing data center interest across all our service territories. And so service are preferred to have maybe a little different point of attractiveness. And then you hit SPS as on the lowest C&I rates in the country. So interest there. But I would say the other significant growth that we continue to see in SPS, and this is really what you're seeing come through our numbers now when you look at the year-over-year growth from the C&I perspective is the oil and gas expansion in the Permian Basin there and [ averaging ] they're doing from an electrification perspective. So right now, that's the near-term growth of and SPS with longer-term data center opportunity we're discussing this with some data centers down there. We also have a fantastic renewable resources down there from a wind and solar perspective, a little bit leads to that. When we talk about that RFP coming out in SPS in our resource plan, those are the reason why we have a range of 5,000 to 10,000 megawatts and I'll try the range is ensure that we enable some of the growth that we're seeing. 
Brian Van Abel: Yes. Right now, there is no cap on noneconomic damages in Texas. There is a cap on [ punitive damages ] this 2x economic damages falls up to [ 750k ] cap for noneconomic. 
Brian Van Abel: Yes. And just I'll get on first, the Minnesota natural gas case because that's probably the one that spurred us along, given that we just received intervenor testimony and the Department of Commerce recommended a $44 million increase of a 9.4% ROE. We have hearings in mid-July, but we'll certainly look [ into this ] opportunity to engage with our stakeholders to see if we've reached settlement, which we did in the last Minnesota gas rate case. So we'll look to engage, like I said, here is our July. So from now until July, we'll look to engage there. On the Colorado side, we're still pretty early in the process. We haven't received intervenor testimony yet. The procedural schedule just came out. So for us, it will be that the settlement -- we get intervenor testimony in mid-July. We get opportunity, there's a settlement deadline at the end of August, and then we don't reach a settlement, we'll be hearing in mid-September for the decision in Q4. 
Brian Van Abel: Carly, it's Brian. As I said, we're just looking to put that filing together, it will be late in Q4. So from a timing perspective, you probably into Q3 of the following year for it to get approved. So I think from an overall perspective, I mean, if you look at some of our kind of just distribution spend in SPS and you look at our 5-year capital plan, and what could be [ albacore ]. Obviously, we're currently focus on the Colorado WNP and we'll take a lot of those programs and apply it to SPS, but tailored because SPS is a very different geography than call it Texas is very different geography when we think about what should we be doing to have risk mitigation from wildfire perspective, and so we'll tailor it. But I think we'll give you more color as we get further development of that resiliency plan later this year. 
Brian Van Abel: Anthony. Yes, that's a good question as we think about it. So I assume you're asking specifically about wildfire insurance or excess liability. 
Brian Van Abel: I think yes, all our other programs, I would say, are relatively stable or don't have significant challenges. As I think about wildfire insurance and just let's say for the wildfire insurance versus the overall access liability is they are 2 different things. I think this is a very key industry issue, both at the state and federal level. And if you've been following with EEI, this is one of their top priorities this year from a federal perspective. In terms of how we think about getting a focus on [ damage ] limitations? Is there insurance backstop or solution at a federal level and think about specific criteria for wildfire mitigation plans in exchange for liability protection. So those are some of the broad buckets EEI, [ you're thinking about. ] Obviously we're thinking about it from a state perspective as we look forward. Our legislation sessions are wrapping up here or have already wrapped up this year. So what we will do is we'll look to work with our policymakers in our state's kind of from here for as we think about next year's last session to see if there's any state level solutions that we think about it. Now specifically from a company perspective or a commercial insurance perspective, even prior to Smokehouse Creek, we were seeing [ clinical ] understanding that from some of the commercial carriers, they were already looking to reduce their capacity and not just for us but overall, their exposure from a wildfire insurance perspective. And so that's going into the next policy cycle. These are annual renewals. So our renewal is in [ tele ] Q4. So we'll give more visibility into it, but I'll give you some -- a little bit of a sense of where we sit today as we have above $500 million of coverage, and we're paying about a $40 million premium for that coverage, and that's total excess liability, including wildfire. But I would expect that covers that capacity to come down and I expect premiums to be pressured, absolutely. So like we -- like I said, we're still a ways away from our renewal. So again, we'll provide more color as we get close to, but that's where we sit today. 
Brian Van Abel: Yes. Just to add a little bit to that. I think as Bob talked about importance of that insurance backstop and filling a WNP, but I think there's also an aspect there is if you're following [ the plans of the WMP to the presumption of routes ] which I think is important, too, and also looking at a limit job liability or limit on damages. 
Brian Van Abel: Sophie, yes. I mean, so first of all, I'll talk about the claims process and still early, but we obviously encourage people to submit claims. It was [ 46 ] so far. But how it works is anyone can submit a claim, and when they submit that claim, they don't waive their right to pursue a lawsuit. But if there is a claim settlement, then that absolves or release any other potential lawsuits that they could file. So that's how it could work, but also from a -- if someone files a lawsuit, it certainly could be an opportunity to settle through that lawsuit too. So -- but like I said we are encouraging people to enter the claims process, and we've settled a couple already that are in active settlement discussions with others. 
Brian Van Abel: Yes. Sophie, so actually, you bring up increasing compression station, it's certainly an opportunity. I think generally it's thought of -- what are the electrification opportunities. Say, there's going to be a new neighborhood builds. What is the alternative, it's -- okay, you saw that [indiscernible] gas and expansion of a pipeline or what are the alternatives from electrification perspective. So that's probably the best way to think about it. I think if I were a [ bucket ] out there, and it's a very important project for the governor and the geothermal whether at a district level or a residential level or community level, exploring the possibilities of geothermal in the state are something we're willing to work with or we're going to work with our customers and our stakeholders in the state. So it's not necessarily just electrification. It could be more different forms of heat for homes and communities. 
Brian Van Abel: Ryan, I think a little bit as the color I provided before is obviously, overall, we believe our growth plans from an investment perspective, a long-term EPS growth perspective impact and same in our chance of maintaining a strong balance sheet. What I talked about not necessarily in avoidance, but how do we look at the timing of equity and the timing of capital, particularly on the timing of the equity, given that we have a strong balance sheet, is we can look at being flexible there. But I would expect that when we're investing $39 billion of capital at a 9% rate base growth. That does come with the financings. And generally, our prior financing year in and year out, that's aligned with the capital spend. So that's the best way to think about it. But obviously, we'll understand what happened to the cost of equity here. And also with the cost of that we have gone off [ over ] the short term in terms of our [ churn ] rates have gone. So but that's factored into all of our plans, as I sit here today and talk about reiterating on being at or above our 5%, 7%. 
Brian Van Abel: Paul. Yes, you're referencing the resource plan that we just filed here in Q1 related to the extension of Monticello. So Monticello we already extended to 2040, and we've recognized that depreciation in terms of lower customer bills. So we're looking to extend [ Monticello] from 2040 to 2050. And then Prairie Island both units [ 20 ] years, so we'll go from the early 2030s to the early 2050s.  We have not recognized those 3, call it, lower depreciation rates in the customer [indiscernible] rate case. We'll wait until we get through this proceeding to get approval and like we wrap it into our next rate case. So this proceeding is probably going to take 18 months play at the very least. So it's going to be probably [ held before ] we can plow that back into customer rates in terms of lower depreciation. 
Brian Van Abel: No, this would likely just be captured either how to defer here or likely if we're in a multiyear plan to have a [ true ] mechanism part. 
Brian Van Abel: Yes. Thank you all for participating in our earnings call this morning. Please contact our Investor Relations team with any follow-up questions. 
Robert Frenzel: I think I'll just add 1 thing on the Brian's comment. I think you asked about sort of relative competitiveness of the company. We would expect to offer in our own development projects into the SPS proposal, and we've proven that we -- with our scale and utility-owned wind and our growing expertise in solar and storage, we think we would be very competitive for some of the generation in Southwestern Public Service RFP process. 
Robert Frenzel: Look, at a macro level, I was pretty encouraged by the process we went through with the Texas House and the committee. I think one of the tenets of good risk mitigation is involving all the stakeholders who have a hand in doing that. And I think the committee hearings were a pretty good example of getting all -- mostly all of the interested parties and participants in our [ room ] proactively talking about the issues. And on balance, I think the sessions were productive, still the committee was looking to be prospective and gathering information for future solutions. And I think that's how I'd expect to report in May to come out. I think we'll see stuff on recommendations for utilities, emergency responders, proactive things that we're doing in the counties to mitigate fire risk. I think there's already [ tend to say ] for a service report on causation. I'm not certain we see something else from the committee on that. But I think the report is going to be in line with the sessions themselves with constructive recommendations for how to proceed going forward. 
Robert Frenzel: That's a great question. In the conversation and Steve, and it's very topical, both inside the walls of the building as well as around the industry. On your specific questions with regard to the Sherco site, the site get powered with grid energy. And as you know, we're the first company to commit to being a 100% carbon-free electricity. So we are a significant importance in the renewable [ knowledge ] system, and they will benefit from all our system actions. More broadly, as we look across our footprint in the company, we think, depending on the operating company, we have really attractive dynamics for super scalers and other data center and high energy use customers. And whether it's very low-cost C&I energy in the Southwest or [ knowing ] weather and high renewables in Colorado or a similar footprint here in the Upper Midwest. I think that we're having conversations across our footprint. And I think we've got both access to water transition infrastructure, land and energy, and clean energy that they find attractiveness. So we've got a significant amount of interest from super scalers and others and then look forward to sharing more of that as we develop our forecast. 
Robert Frenzel: Yes. Jeremy, it's Bob. Thanks for the question. First, I'm really proud of what the team did in Colorado in executing on behalf of public safety during a volatile weather event. As you can imagine, the -- [ because we have the second ] file on our wildfire mitigation plan, it's going to have a lot of continuation of the existing plan and probably incremental areas that we'd be looking for. But as I think about the big buckets of opportunity there, really early warning capabilities. We've already sold 21 panel cameras, but I think there's a real opportunity for increased early warning capabilities with AI-powered cameras as well as weather stations in and around our territories and our equipment. Obviously, we have opportunities to improve our operating capabilities in public safety power [ shutoffs ], as well as even the power line enhanced power line safety settings. But we're executing those today, and we're doing a pretty good job. We have more work to do there. I think about the third bucket and where your question leads to is sort of asset resilience capabilities and we can continue to expect our poles and wires, replace stuff and maybe accelerating some of that. But I think [ we've also ] system resiliency, and this gets back to [ what ] your comment on sectionalizing. We've done some of that. We have a real opportunity to do that more, both our intelligence at a granular level of weather and what's happening in weather as well as our ability to control our system at a more micro level to mitigate customer impact is a real priority for us in this plan. And lastly, given as part of the plan is the public policy opportunity that we might have to protect our customers. So big buckets there, but hopefully, I got to your sectionalizing question as well as asset [ harving ] like undergrounding, covered conductors and other pieces of both transmission and distribution systems as we think about protecting public safety is a priority for us. 
Robert Frenzel: Yes, good question. I think from our perspective, really have, as you kind of noted, we haven't changed our guidance for the year-end even though we had a significant quarter-over-quarter change. So I look at it more from where we are from a budget perspective which you don't see. And we're slightly has our budget for the first quarter. But from where we sit, I think it's early in the year, that our goal is just to land within that 1% to 2% O&M guidance range as [ we sit here.] 
Robert Frenzel: Anthony, thanks for the question. As Brian said, this is a big and emerging national issue. And we've seen pressure both on the retail side of insurance, homeowners struggling to get homeowner insurance that protects from wildfire risk, and you're seeing it in the commercial side on the wholesale side as well. So we've been active at the federal level, particularly talking about sort of the national opportunity we might have here. I think about there are [ precedents ] at the federal level, you see something like where goods are really important for everybody like the FDIC or FEMA or for flood insurance or other type programs or even nuclear backstop insurance from the price standard [ connect ]. So there's several [ precedents ] around protecting national goods like banking access, like access to affordable electricity. So as I think about where the federal government could help, is this probably applies to the state level, too, which is having approved wildfire mitigation plan that can be reviewed by an agency of a same or federal level. And then if you're in compliance and current on that plan, then you have access to some form of backstop insurance program that provides protection and maybe access that maybe the current carriers are providing at an attractive or an affordable cost, as that group of entities comes up to speed on risk and risk mitigation. So I think those are the big parameters that I would think about. And certainly, there's state precedents, you can take [ UTA ] or Nevada or California laws and seen programs where companies along with their regulators and legislators are coming up with programs that provide more cost-effective backstop for companies to bring down the risk. And as I said in my prepared remarks, at the end of the day, we have an enormous energy transition that we need to fund and making sure that our cost of capital is attractive to fund that keeps the transition affordable for our customers and for the country. And so I think it's important that we manage this risk, we manage the financial cost of this risk, and those are some of the areas that I would think are most important for us to go after. 
Robert Frenzel: Sophie, it's Bob. Look, we've got a number of gas proceedings in Colorado over the last year. I think you're referring to our clean heat plan. And we think that was an industry leading or very unique filing and proactive on the company and the commissions' part to move forward that. Big picture, I think they're sitting, they're looking at the gas system as an effective delivery of energy but making sure that if we've got capacity need from a growing customer base out there that we're looking at something other than pipeline alternatives. And we're actively engaged in that and something we've always as a company looked at. But I don't think it's going to affect necessarily us going forward in terms of significant changes in capital forecast for where we sit today. But maybe a more proactive approach with stakeholders and communities about finding maybe different types of solutions to solve the similar issues, whether that's more beneficial electrification, more powering of homes for home heating and other needs. And we're certainly engaged in that process with them. 
Robert Frenzel: Ryan, it's Bob. Certainly, we think of PSPS as a kind of a tool of last resort. But public safety is our priority in making sure that our communities are protected in volatile wind events and wildfire risk case is really important to us as well. So are there opportunities for us to gain more public support, of course, there are. And the ways that we can improve our own performance as we, [ again ] more muscle here, because this is something that I don't love to do. But when we have to do it, I think there's areas of improvement that we as a company have identified and are working with our Colorado Commission to do so. And that includes early notification, excellence in outage maps, something I talked about earlier on segmentation. So all this comes as a function of our wildfire mitigation plan. If we have better early warning devices like cameras, weather stations, our ability to effect on a more localized level where the risk is and where the outage would need to can be can get better. But that's going to take some time, some effort, some partnership with our agencies and stakeholders in Colorado for sure. 
Robert Frenzel: Yes. Ryan, it's Bob. Look, I think as we see reindustrialization, we see data center build-out. Certainly, there can be cost pressures that come from basic materials and construction materials like concrete, steel, and things like that. I think we take our best estimates when we put our capital forecast out, but something we watch pretty closely. Labor is another area of opportunity there. I think that one of the things we're very focused on as we see an energy sector transition, making sure that there's a pipeline of talent starting early on in trade schools and partnering with our labor unions and with business partners there, to make sure that the pipeline of [ linemen ] and pipe fitters and welders are capable of keeping up with the demand. So we try to send early demand signals to them, and it help them recruitment processes across our territories and really partner on a national level to make sure that we're seeing enough trade come into the business broadly that we don't see a an immense amount of labor pressure. 
