Ben Fowke: Thanks, Paul, and good morning everyone. I'm pleased to announce that Xcel Energy enjoyed another successful year. I'll touch on few of the highlights and Dave will discuss our detailed results in a few moments. As Paul just mentioned, we reported 2010 ongoing earnings of $1.62 per share compared with a $1.50 per share in 2009. We feel good about delivering earnings results in the upper half of our 2010 earnings guidance range of $1.55 to $1.65 per share. This marks the sixth consecutive year that we've met or exceeded our annual earnings objective. We were also successful in meeting other financial objectives. We raised the annual dividend $0.03 or 30% to $1.01 per share, and our credit ratings also improved, as S&P raised its rating on Xcel Energy and three of our operating companies by one notch. In a year where we experienced hot weather throughout our system, I am proud that we maintained our system integrity and once again delivered a high level of customer service. We achieved a customer satisfaction rating of 92% for the third consecutive year. In 2010, we completed two major construction projects: Comanche 3, an 800-megawatt coal plant in Colorado; and Nobles, a 201-megawatt wind farm in Minnesota. We also began construction on the CapX2020 transmission project. In addition, we finalized the purchase of two natural gas plants in Calpine. This asset acquisition will save our customers' money in the long run and will also be accretive to 2011 earnings. We were able to finance this transaction and other components of our growth strategy by raising $1.9 billion in the debt and equity market at very attractive rates. Lastly, I'll provide a few comments regarding the Clean Air Clean Jobs Act in Colorado. In December, the Colorado Commission approved a plan for PSCO to reduce annual emissions of nitrogen oxide by at least 70% to 80%. The plan is designed to achieve this goal through a combination of retiring older, less efficient coal plants, returning to natural gas and installing emission controls by 2017. The primary difference between our recommendation and the CPUC approved plan has to do with Cherokee Unit 4. Under the approved plan, we will fuel switch Cherokee Unit 4 to natural gas. The Commission also provided for a recovery on construction work in progress and future rate cases. In addition, they incurred stakeholder meetings to discuss a multiyear rate plan. In January, the Colorado Air Quality Control Commission approved the cooperation of the Clean Air Clean Jobs plan into Colorado's Regional Haze State Implementation Plan. Next in the process, the Colorado legislature must approve the State Implementation Plan. Upon legislative approval, the State Implementation Plan will be sent to the Governor for his signature. Our total investment for the plan is estimated to be approximately $1 billion over the next seven years and is expected to increase customer bills on an average by about 2% annually. I think this is another great example of our ability to work with key stakeholders to arrive at a creative solution to reduce emission while ensuring timely recovery of cost. In summary, this was a really great year for us. I'll now turn the call over to Dave Sparby who will walk you through our results and provide a regulatory update.
Ben Fowke: There is a number of legislation that's been introduced in Colorado, and that's one of them. I think they want to roll it back. You may recall though that just last year the 30% standard got passed. So we really don't think that will be successful. I think one of those things we probably need to do a better job of, Michael, is communicating with all stakeholders, particularly with some of the controversy around Clean Air Clean Jobs, just how affordable renewables, particularly wind, in all our service territories are, because it hasn't cost customers' money. We think it's positioned us very well for the future, as you know. That's a long answer. The short answer is that we don't think it will pass.
Ben Fowke: I think it'll pass. I think the controversy is really kind of localized in our service territory that are mining. And as you know, the Act itself had a bit of a controversy nationally, the kind of a battleground for coal versus gas. And so I think we are seeing a little bit of the residual of that. We had to do something to meet the haze requirements. I think we did a very balanced plan. And I think when you look at the facts, we're still going to burn coal and we are going to modernize the infrastructure, which a lot of this is about, and address haze and other things. And we made a decision to put some pollution control equipment on more modern plant with the later vintage, but some of these plants that frankly go back to the ice and hot era and are right in the heart of the city, we just determine that it was better to re-power and use those sites, but go to gas and rebalance our portfolio. Last year, with Comanche 3 coming on, a very new modern plant at a price point, we burnt more than 70% of our energy in coal. So this allows us to rebalance the portfolio, modernize and do all the good things and I think at a very good price point for our customers. However, it is always the local few that aren't happy. And that's what I think you are seeing here.
Ben Fowke: Well, I think what Dick and the industry will concentrate on is trying to get a comprehensive and reasonably balanced approach to addressing some of the environmental regulations that are coming out. Whether that's delays or whether that's just moving to more of a system versus the plant-by-plant approach, I think as a group we are working to get consensus on that. What we don't want to see is an avalanche of regulations coming out with very tight timeframes and very low flexibility coming upon the industry at a time when that all just raised costs necessarily. So I think what Dick will try to do and what the industry will try to do is come out with a more sensible economically based plan to address some of the concerns. It won't be easy, Paul.
Ben Fowke: To the extent, they want some flexibility. I think it remains to be seen. I mean there is discussion, but there is nothing concrete I can point to at this point of call.
Ben Fowke: Travis, AFUDC is expected to be relatively flat in 2011. So really it's more a reflection of sales growth, rate increases, rider revenue, things like that.
Ben Fowke: Ali, just to the point to it, the analyst meeting that we had in December, we laid out our five-year plan. And obviously CapEx is modified a little bit. But over that five-year timeframe, we kind of anticipate that they might be up to $800 million of just common equity, excluding the DRIP program.
Ben Fowke: Yes, Ali, it's one of the reasons why rate base grows faster than our long-term earnings growth range.
Ben Fowke: Well, Ashar, we're currently in a gas case right now and the Commission has required that we file before April 2012. That's all the guidance I can provide to you at this time.
Ben Fowke: I'll kick it off and see if Dave or Scott want to add anything. Our five-year forecast doesn't include anything. I think High Plains is probably going to be in the study mode for quite a while. So I don't anticipate that we'll have them in our forecast anytime soon.
Ben Fowke: It really reflects to what we think our trend line would be going forward. I mean to Dave's point, we were increasing rate base. We're putting money into the infrastructure, doing the things I think our stakeholders want us to do.
Ben Fowke: It's what we've been doing over the last five years basically. But I think what you're driving at is it takes a lot of productivity improvements to keep it there. And that's what we work on.
Ben Fowke: I think the one thing to keep in mind too is that the bar increases for us as the incentive mechanisms that come with that do as well. So it's very much a part of our business. I think it's a reason why customer satisfaction is high. And I think our customers appreciate it. But every year, the challenge gets a little bit greater.
Dave Sparby: Ali, at the operating company, they stretch from the mid-8s to over 10. At the holding company level, they are a little over 10 for 2010.
Dave Sparby: Ali, I think that our CapEx projections reflect the most expected outcome you appreciate going into this. We're well positioned. You saw in our report that we gave in December to all of our investors that we've anticipated most of the regulations as the industry expects them to be put in place over the next several years. We've also of course made significant investments in the past anticipating this. So although I think we could see, especially in later years, some variability, I think our CapEx as it reflects what we anticipate from EPA is probably pretty close.
Dave Sparby: What we said, Ali, is we don't need equity in 2011. As we approach the end of the year, we'll evaluate both market conditions as well as our CapEx requirements and we'll provide some additional guidance perhaps in that regard.
Dave Sparby: First of all, your observation is correct. There was a little bit of a downtick in residential in the fourth quarter. Some of the economists here, Jonathan, have suggested that the consumer is seeing some increases in CPI, but yet the unemployment rate is staying pretty steady. So although they are paying about 15% more for things like gasoline, there really hasn't been any more jobs. And that's probably one of the better explanations, which is a little bit of softness at the end of the year residentially. Now, we do feel better going into 2011 about the economy than we did in 2010. Those industries that were the best performing sectors in 2010 continue to be strong in 2011. There is a little bit of uptick possibly there, but we are seeing some recovery in a couple of sectors of manufacturing also. So we are slightly more optimistic in 2011 about the economy than we were in 2010.
Dave Sparby: The sales have been a little bit stronger from south to north and from west to east. So we see most of our sales growth in, for example, Texas where the energy sector has been very strong. We've seen sales growth not quite as strong, but strong in Colorado where we've seen not only some energy, but also some mining, for example, that we expect to pick up. And although Minnesota, which is a bit of anomaly, has one of the lowest unemployment rates, sales have been slow. And it's partially because we have a much more diversified economy here, including things like food and agriculture services, which have started to look like they'll trend up, have just come to stabilize here in the fourth quarter.
Dave Sparby: When you look at that 4%, you have to keep in mind, as Ben has talked about, the amount of plant that we've been adding over time. And you look at 2011 and it'll be the first full year of Calpine. It is a partial year of additional expense for Comanche. We've got a full year of Nobles here. And together, that's more than $20 million just to serve the additional generation plant. Now, we've got about $20 million of additional in benefits as a result of pension expense, and of course there is about $20 million in labor increase component on top of that. So the 4% is pretty easily explainable. When you take out the new plant, it's less than 3%.
Dave Sparby: The customer growth for 2010 was about 35,000 customers. That's electric and gas. It's about six-tenth of 1%. And for 2011, it's just a little bit better than that.
Dave Sparby: Well, we've had a very successful year of course this past year with DSM and conservation reflected figures. In prior years, we finished the year about 1.3% savings, for example, in Minnesota. We do expect this coming year to be about the same; however, there'll be probably some additional programs that we'll see in other jurisdictions. So what we'll see is probably an increase this year, but it will not be as significant as we saw from 2009 through 2010.
Dave Sparby: Well, I want to thank everyone for participating in the call this morning. If there is any follow-up questions, please call Paul Johnson or any member of our IR team.
