Brian Van Abel: And so as we think about it, we're in regular contact with our counterparties. Obviously, there could be potential here as you see what's happening. And if any of them have an interest of selling, we're certainly regular in contact. We have our proceeding of the Mower acquisition in front of the commission, and we hopefully see a decision of that in Q2 or Q3. But then we're also looking at how we use the ERP and our IRP processes to help jump start some of that too. Some of the discussions around our acquisitions in Minnesota is how can we better improve the process with the department, our stakeholders, to ensure that we're bringing it forward and have a comprehensive discussion. So we're certainly active on that stage. And you know, we've talked before it continues to be part of our plan, but we don't include any of that in our base capital plan.
Brian Van Abel: I guess the short answer is probably a little more bullish. The cost, as you mentioned, Stephen, continued to come down. And so our feel for fuel strategy continues to be, I think, obviously economically attractive. And I think the test of that was the ability to get our renewables approved in Texas and in New Mexico and basically on economic terms. I think the other element too, Stephen, which makes me bullish is that, and this is where I think we can partner with our states and our commissions and state administrations, to be part of the solution in getting people back to work and that's potentially accelerating some of our capital opportunities. And using that to bring on more renewable at a great price point that actually helps save customers’ money and employees’ jobs, good jobs. So not unlike when we had the great recession and can tell you many times that we have people stop me, people typically working in our labor unions and actually thank myself and really the company for continuing to go forward with projects, because that was the only job we have. And that's something to be really proud of and I think we can replicate that again.
Brian Van Abel: We have no obligations in terms of getting in service in 2020 and we're certainly working towards that, and that's our goal is to get them completed in 2020. But in terms of obligations and in term of timing we don't. There are obligations in terms of overall cost gap, but we're certainly working to mitigate any impacts on that as you start to see a delay in schedule. We're certainly working with our suppliers and our plant contractors to get those, to ensure that we bring it in under the original order PTC cost cap.
Brian Van Abel: We've really see no plans in our CapEx for this year. On the O&M side this crisis hit relatively recently so working through all those plans. And we have a plan for balance of the year in terms of implementing them. I think Ben said it pretty well is you often hear Ben and Bob talk about dry powder and you know that's been used in the context of our financial dry powder with our strong balance sheet, our conservative dividend payout ratio, but we also have operational dry powder. And you know we've invested in the system and then in the good days and as the time of crisis here, we’re able to weather it. And we look at, when we think about the O&M contingency plans, we're putting in place, whether it's we’ve implemented the hiring freeze, we're looking at reducing employee expesens and that will happen over time, reducing consulting spend or other programs. And as we think about it we're targeting, as I talked about, targeting 4% to 5% purely mitigate that base case scenario. So we do have the ability to flex up all those, but it's a little bit worse.
Brian Van Abel: Right now, Travis, we're only building wind farms on our own balance sheet. I haven't seen or heard a lot of solar delays. There's been a couple of public force majeure filings on some solar farms around the country, but I don't think we could speak with any authority on the solar side.
Brian Van Abel: Yes, thank you. And thank you for all participating in our earnings call this morning. Please contact our investor relations team for any follow up questions, and have a good day. Thank you.
Ben Fowke: I guess first I would say take a look at our track record over the last 15 years. I think we've demonstrated that we can deliver within the earnings guidance range, typically that's been at the middle or above. So we're quite proud of that and we expect we'll be able to do that this year. But if you look at what we've done in the past and our track record, on the first quarter earnings call, we don't give any additional guidance whether we're going to be the bottom, the top or whatever. So that's the first quarter. We're confident onto the base case scenario we'll be in the earnings guidance range. And as the months and quarters roll on as we've done in the past, we’ll potentially get more color on it.
Ben Fowke: David, well, the question about what states were affected, what the divergence in the states for April. Is that basically what you're asking, you're kind of breaking up on…
Ben Fowke: I think as we look at it, we saw the most resiliency on the C&I side in SPS, and probably the biggest impact on the C&I side in Minnesota and Wisconsin, the northern territory. So I think that's the color certainly we'll watch it as we go over time. Now, part of what we saw in Minnesota is we did have a combined heat and power plant as we've talked about on our call before go online in May of last year. So that's part of what we see and we look at month over month, but overall commentary greatest weakness in C&I side, Minnesota and Wisconsin and less so in SPS and Colorado is roughly in the middle of those two.
Ben Fowke: No, it doesn't. When I say we’ll use it to reduce our financing costs for this year but we don't expect to not sell our equity forward this year. We do plan to settle it but what Mankato does is really it’s infusion of cash of $650 million, and it’ll provide some additional headroom on capital investment if we have an opportunity to potentially accelerate investments, and really help our communities, and customers, and the regulators accelerate some of this rebound from this crisis. So I think it gives us just an additional capital headroom. As we think about longer term, we think about our five year plan. We'll reevaluate that and overall financing plans as we get to Q3 and lay out a new five year capital plan.
Ben Fowke: Those are the two Minnesota farms that we're looking at. But I would say we've done, as you'd expect from us, we've taken a very conservative approach and then made sure we've had all the documentation since 2016, and we've maintained continuous efforts since then. So we're highly competent even if they do slip a month or two into 2021 that will qualify for 100% PTCs.
Ben Fowke: Yes, from our regional guidance it did as you start to see some delays in some projects, and part of that was our Blazing Star 1 wind farm that we just put in service in April. That took as we were in the winter time, it took a little bit longer, so that's part of it. So just kind of across the board as you see part of it’s wind farm and part of it some other investments that we're making. And there's also a little bit higher -- as we took steps to improve our liquidity also a little bit higher AFUDC rate.
Ben Fowke: Yes, I think it's a great question. Again and I talked a little bit about it with an earlier question. But you look at what drives our 5% to 7% growth and it's investing in projects and opportunities that are very much aligned with our states, our communities, our regulators, our legislators. So, I don't see that changing and I don't see changes to our CapEx forecast unless to the upside going forward. So that's what drives the growth and that’s where we'll get it from.
Ben Fowke: We're very, very confident. I've worked with outside firms to know we’ll pass the continuous efforts test.
Bob Frenzel: In addition, the SPS has been projects that we have 100% PTC guarantee. But again, we think that those are getting into construction by the end of the year and we're fairly confident on 100% PTC.
Bob Frenzel: We recognize that these are challenging times, and we do like to work with our regulators in advance. In both Colorado and Minnesota, we have been investing in infrastructure and assets that our customers value and our regulators support. But like in the past, we do think there are mechanisms that will allow us to not file those rate cases. And you can be assured that those conversations are happening with the staff in the commissions as applicable in the respective states. We like to not file those cases and we probably have more information for you on the second quarter call later this year.
Bob Frenzel: One of the things I think we've done as a company is on sunny days prepare for the stormy days, and we've got great dry powder on our balance sheet and Brian mentioned the other things we did. We also continue to invest in our system, keeping it strong and reliable. And so that allows you to weather situations like that and potentially come back stronger and a partner with our states as we look to jump start the economy when we get, all get through this.
Bob Frenzel: We work with our OEM vendors as well as our balance of plant providers to execute the schedules. We have seen some supply chain disruptions started when China shut down for a while. We've had mild disruptions from other plants where we get some of our components. We think that's an industry wide phenomena. I think, as Brian mentioned, we've been exceptionally diligent in tracking our costs. We are really comfortable with our ability to meet the safe harbor provisions for achieving 100% PTC. These are projects that were originally scheduled to be later in this year anyway. And so while we're trying actively to get them completed in 2020, there's the potential that do slip into ’21. But I do think it's stuff we're seeing around the industry and also not only is it our vendors but there's a logistics and a supply chain issue with ports and parts transport that we're seeing. It's not, I wouldn't say it's catastrophic by any stretch, it's just mild we just happen to have these later dated projects for us.
Bob Frenzel: We haven't seen any supply chain disruptions on any of our other components other than maybe toilet paper and hand sanitizer and face mask. But on the wind farms themselves, a lot of the components are manufactured in overseas and assembled here. And so depending on the progress of the pandemic and which country it hit, which factories has caused, two, three, four week delays in various places, which compounded equals maybe a six, or seven, or eight week delay on our projects and that was enough to push them across, potentially push them across the go line. We're seeing not just constraints on the OEM sidebut we do see logistics constraints around ports and air travel and shipping as well, and so that's caused some of the problems. I can't say that we've seen any other disruptions on any of our other components, we just haven't. Those discrete items are suffer watching closely. As Ben and Brian has said, we feel very confident in our ability to qualify for the PTCs at 100%, and we're working diligently with our vendors and our transportation providers to get all the components here and get them constructed by the end of the year.
