Dave Sparby: Well the expenditures are over a long period of time Ashar, and there is several other projects. There maybe some of those years where likely to be in the upper half of that range but over the six or seven years of construction, they’ll also be some years where we’re in that 5% to 6% range.Ashar Khan – Visium Asset Management: Okay, thank you so much.
Dave Sparby: Well Angie, there is a couple of pockets there. Some of these expenses it made sense to accelerate while we were in an area doing pole replacement for example. We took advantage of opportunities to do some of that work that was also included for 2011. We also did some plan for some heat related and reliability related maintenance where it made sense, particularly if that related to for example on NERC standard. So what we tried to do, we did have a little bit more flexibility this year with some margin. We looked at the work that we were intending to accomplish, how we could maximize that and that’s what our plan reflected.
Dave Sparby: Ali, if you look at where we think we’re going end the year, if you normalize it for the ins and the outs and weather, I mean it’s probably about in the middle of that guidance range. So we’re enjoying obviously the benefit of weather, but we’re also making the commitments to our – to reinvest and to keep investing in our system, and when we have warm weather we do that. And as I said in my remarks, I think the fact that we kind of have that strategy, it is why our reliability continues to be very strong and customer satisfaction is very high, which is always a good place to be when we’re going to be asking for the rate relief for the years to come. So I think our strategy works.Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Understood, thank you.
Dave Sparby: Daniele we included in the press release what the expenditures would be through 2017 under our recommended plan. Now, depending on what plan the commission fix, that will change a bit. And most likely what will happen is, expenditures that we haven’t targeted in ‘22, some of those would most likely be accelerated into a more near-term timeframes through 2017. But more to come at today’s point.
Dave Sparby: It will be a little bit of both. But I mean again it depends on what plan the commission fix. And the issue there as you know is that the commission interpreted the legislation is everything having to be fully implemented by 2017. Our preferred plan extended the Cherokee Unit 4 plant to 2022, so we’ll see some changes with that.
Ben Fowke: Well, right now, we’re looking to be right in the – in that top half of the guidance, Ali. I mean, we’ve had some – as we talked about several factors, we’ve had to see the impact of seasonal rates, we’ve seen the impact of some increased O&M fourth quarter. So we looked to be right within the top half of our guidance range.
Ben Fowke: Daniele, it’s – you’re right. The numbers aren’t precise yet, it’s still in hearing. The commission will decide on the very specific plan in December.
Ben Fowke: Well, I want to thank all of you for participating in our third quarter earnings call this morning. We look forward to meeting with many of you at EEI next week. In addition, I hope you’ll join us at the New York Stock Exchange on December 1st for our Annual Investor Meeting. If you have any follow-up questions, the IR team is available to take your calls.
