Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Julien, I mean, what we were seeking, as you know, is not – is more concurrent recovery of the investment. With investment this large when compared to the existing rate base, we thought that was essential to moving forward to projects. I believe we got that with what we agreed to in New Mexico. It's a little bit of a twist from what we originally proposed, but not much. I mean, we keep the PTCs, which are pretty significant, as you know until we file a rate case with the agreement that we won't overearn in that interim period. So, for us, I think that works pretty well.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. And, Julien, just to be clear, once the project goes into rate base after the rate case, it'll just be traditional earning a return on that rate base. So, it's just the interim period that we're selling into the open market.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. I mean, to Bob's point, Ali, it gets a little harder to close the remaining gap. There's the structural things and that sort of stuff. But, I mean, so as Bob mentioned, longer term regulatory compacts, I think we're doing a great job of finding cost efficiencies. Those all will contribute to it, but we've pretty much achieved the goal at this point.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: (00:24:53). I mean, I think – as I said on the call, we think the projects drive tremendous benefits for consumers. We think there's a lot of support from stakeholders. There were some questions that were asked, and they've been answered, and so we're optimistic that the commission will approve it.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Travis, I think it's – they're more – if you have a deferral of rate cases, maybe there's some indirect look at that, but I don't think that's really their focus. I think their focus is on – like we talked about, refund a good portion of it immediately to customers and then look at longer term implications and things that make sense that will help our balance sheet, but will also help customers. So, paying off a prepaid pension asset in Colorado makes a lot of sense. Here in Minnesota, maybe accelerating some additional depreciation for our coal plant – the King plant and doing a little more with low income and maybe being able to stay out of a rate case longer. Those are all things that will benefit consumer and customer alike. So, I think that's where the focus is. And we're comfortable with it.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, it could – I mean, I will tell you, I think the trend will be that wind will probably be better for us to own than solar, and we were well-positioned on the fossil side. But I don't know if I can be much more specific than that.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: All right. Let me – the first question, I believe, was how has tax reform generally impacted the economics of the renewable projects. Is that right, Angie? I'm going to assume that (00:32:24).
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: And remember, we do take advantage – O&M does flow through the riders, and so we put it into base rate.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean as part of what we could do with tax reform is stay out another year. We do think multi-year plans have been demonstrated to be a success. Our cases increasingly would be for capital recovery, done a really good job with O&M. And I do believe that the commission really supports what we're trying to do in our carbon reduction programs, our pilot programs, or things like support EV or electric vehicle implementation. So, I think, the strategic direction we're taking is supported by our commissions. You can always have some bumps in the road, but when you're aligned like that, I think long-term, you're in pretty good shape.
Robert C. Frenzel: Hey, Julien. It's Bob. Yeah. With regard to the electric rate case in Colorado, we had already agreed with the OCC and the Staff to defer any interim rates from June to January of 2019. That reflects our view that the impact on margin in 2018 was de minimis and won't have an impact on our earnings in 2018. We expect to file the case and we're working through the particulars right now with updated year-end actuals for 2017 and with a look at items like tax reform, Rush Creek, and other items. And so we'll be prepared to file that expeditiously.
Robert C. Frenzel: Well, I think it's beneficial, Julien. It's an investment that has been frankly probably over scrutinized. That's very important to our 85% carbon-free energy goals by 2030 and we just want a little additional clarity, both from a consumer and a shareholder perspective that once we have a plan approved, that we have – kind of have confidence that if we execute on that plan, we're going to get recovery. Pretty simple. We're not asking for any sort of subsidy or anything like that. It's just – it's an advanced prudence determination essentially. Now, if we don't get, it doesn't mean things change, but I think, we hope, if we don't get it, that at least the dialogue is established that for an investment this significant and this important to these carbon-free goals, we need to have a fair shake when it comes to the regulatory process.
Robert C. Frenzel: Hey, Ali. It's Bob. We're still working through the portfolio and the details and the timing of each of the assets that would be implemented as part of that plan. So, I can't give you a definitive answer. Suffice to say that there's wind projects that are seeking 100% PTC, so there'd be some assets that are likely included by 2020. There's some other assets that could come back further in the plan. So, the timing is still a little bit in flux. We're still working through that. We expect to file with the Colorado Commission an update in May, which will have some more details. With regard to the financing of that plan, it's obviously $1 billion investment that will likely need a modest amount of equity to support it. And again the timing of that will dictate sort of how much and when. So, give us some time to work through the details and the particulars. Once the commission reviews it, they're supposed to have it reviewed by August, which is in line with our normal capital planning process. And so we'd expect to include any capital updates and financing updates in our normal third quarter guidance discussion.
Robert C. Frenzel: No. I think if the $1 billion were approved, I think for the forecasted timeframe, all things equal, Ali, we would increase our rate base growth rate to about 7%.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah. Ali, those are both good assumptions. Our sort of case to beat on the equity plan is in at-the-market program late this year, could drift early into next year, but our expectation was to get it done this year. With regard to the DRIP. Yes, $75 million is a pretty good run rate. I think our previous guidance said it was going to be about $385 million over a five-year period. So, at $75 million, it grows to kind of $85 million run rate in the last year.
Robert C. Frenzel: Ali, we've made progress on closing that gap. We've probably narrowed it by about half when we set that out of the strategic goal. We've made a lot of progress. I think you should expect us to continue to work on that. There's some items – obviously filing rate cases helps the concurrent recovery that Ben talked about with SPS wind should help regulatory lag in general. But, for now, I think that's probably a pretty good assumption, but know that we're always looking to narrow it.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah. Look, we experienced C&I declines when oil prices dropped to below $40. And when oil is above $60, we see increased activity in our Southwest business and we see increased sand mining activity in our Wisconsin business, and I think that's the lion's share of the improvement in large C&I across the company.
Robert C. Frenzel: Well, you remember that the original objectives or goalposts, if you will, were 50% of the renewables, 75% of the fossil gas generation. We're going through a number of iterations right now, but we're comfortable that based upon what we think the recommended portfolio and additional options might be that we'll end up around that $1 billion, Paul. Not really too much – can't be too much more specific at this point as how much of it is wind, how much of it is solar, how much of it is gas, transmission, or battery, but we feel comfortable that collectively it will be around $1 billion.
Robert C. Frenzel: And, Paul, just to be clear. The totals on slide 7 of our investment plan are totals for the entire Colorado Energy Plan. They weren't totals for our proportional ownership targets.
Robert C. Frenzel: Paul, we filed – and I can point you to the filing, or we could get it to you later, but we filed publicly the median prices for various categories. We filed the bids in our 30-day update in January and then reupdated it again in February. And those are public, and we can get that to you if that's helpful.
Robert C. Frenzel: I think for the O&M portion, probably even is probably the best way to think about it. On the depreciation, it's a little bit more backdated, largely impacted by the inservicing of our Rush Creek project in Colorado, which should happen in late October or early November. And that's sort of the big driver of the timing of the differential.
Robert C. Frenzel: So, Angie, on the second part of the question on O&M, you're right. Increased wind generation will add O&M pressure to the company. So, when I think about our goal to maintain flat O&M, it means that we're consciously and very aggressively working on the O&M on the rest of the business as we continue to lay new wind into our business. So, we have – as we've talked about in the past, we have natural O&M pressures from merit increases and bargaining unit wage increases. We're offsetting that as well as more to make room for the wind in our portfolio in advance of any retirements of any of our other generation fleet.
Robert C. Frenzel: So, when we look at that, when we say – just to finish that thought. We look at – when we say that, it includes the O&M and includes ancillary costs. It's a full package, and it's still deeply in the money compared to where gas is, even with gas being at very low prices today.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah. It's over the life of the project. There is some element of the benefits being more front-end loaded. But, as you know, most people still have natural gas being more expensive in the out periods, too.
Robert C. Frenzel: That's a really good question, Angie. I think – all things equal, we think we have more flexibility and can do more things when we self-build. But we're open to build-own-transfer, and as you know, part of the near unanimous settlement that we obtained in Colorado was to for us not to offer self-build renewables, but to get our ownership through build-own-transfer. So, you always – there's different paths that take you to the same place and that's what you saw in Colorado.
Robert C. Frenzel: No. I think Ben hit on all of high points, and we've had discussions in our other regulatory jurisdictions as well.
Robert C. Frenzel: Thank you, all, for participating in our earnings call this morning. Please contact our Investor Relations team with any follow-up questions.
