Teresa Madden: Well, we'll start with the weighted average, in terms of authorized ROEs, it's about 9.8%. And when we look to 2016, we see three of our utilities earning right around the 9%, low 9% and some of them little stronger than that. I will say we have some lag in Texas, our Texas or the SD company, somewhat related to – what came out of that case. But you know we're filing a new case. And so, we do still see – think we're on target to achieve our 50-basis point closure by 2018, Ali.
Teresa Madden: I mean, Ali, we were pretty pragmatic when it comes to handicapping, what we put out on the forecast. So, I don't – it doesn't have much of an impact at all.
Teresa Madden: Ali, we filed the energy – we're going to file a resource plan later in the year in Colorado and that's where you'll start to see the energy future plans, but I mean they will probably be most eminent – probably be in the backend of our capital forecast. But Ali, let me just reiterate, you've got solid transparency for the first three years. Bonus depreciation is not having an impact on us in the first three years and we explained the reasons why for that. You look at years, four and five, and what I see and why I'm bullish on what happened with the extender's pillars. I see reduced regulatory risk, which I think gives us upside to exceed our GAAP closure on ROE of 50 basis points. I see more portable customer bills, I think that plays well to our multi-year plan discussions here in Minnesota. But then as an environmental leader that we've been and with the amount of the renewables that are now been made so much more portable by the ITC and PTC extension. I think, we're being conservative, but I think we can capture with creditability that capital upside. I mean there is a lot of renewables they're going to built in our jurisdiction and if we follow good policy mandates and do it with large scale renewables on mine, it's going to be very affordable and you're basically going to trade off natural gas expense for renewable. And we're really – we're excited about it and I think – I think it's going to – it's done a lot for us. And so, I guess you know, we would have first, I think the first utility to talk about the impacts of bonus depreciation and we've been thinking about how we would turn that into an upside for us, and I'm really confident in our plans.
Teresa Madden: Maybe just to supplement that in terms of your question about the regulatory process and if you just – just related to Minnesota. When we went through the last resource planning process of the four wind farms, I mean we're owning three of those for wind farm, so we think they are very supportive. In terms of ownership in Minnesota, and Colorado more to come, but we're very confident.
Teresa Madden: Our overall authorized return in Colorado is 983 and remember we have the band of about 65 basis points. Up to this point, we have been and through 2015, we have been in a refund position, but we will be entering our second year of the three year and we do think there's some headroom there. So, anyway, that's where we're at.
Teresa Madden: Yeah. So said in another way. We think it makes – the bonus appreciation in Colorado makes it easier for us to achieve our valve ROEs in Colorado. In Minnesota, you have an – you're in an NOL position for the next few years. And then years four and five, you start to come out of that, and Grey, what that says to me is, I think it makes the five year multi-plan even more attractive today, than it was prior to that extension. And so, we'll see where that goes. But I mean, it's – again, that's why we think, this gives us a positive versus a negative.
Teresa Madden: No. I mean I think you're right. I mean in terms of as we tailor down, I mean in the latter part, but that I mean two things and I think Ben described it, since we're in the NOL and we're going to be in the NOL and Minnesota for the first couple of years, we have time to work through some of these things and we have opportunity potentially for investments, upside investments which we've talked about in terms of our resources.
Teresa Madden: Yeah. I think that's exactly right. And it goes beyond 2018, frankly beyond 2020 you just look at what we're doing here in Minnesota. There's a tremendous amount of renewables, grid modernization, there's a lot of work that to be done and Steve I think the limiter has always been what are -- what is the pace of rate increases. And so, we have always had more capital opportunities than we've executed on, because we're mindful of what happens when you – you are in front of the regulator asking for more than a modest rate increase. So I think this actually is very, very much facilitates our strategic plans and keeps that affordability equation where it needs to be. So, that's why we think it's positive.
Teresa Madden: That is to [indiscernible] I think you're right. I think we have a great opportunity and we look forward to working with parties to see what we can accomplish.
Teresa Madden: Well, that's a great question Gale, and I appreciate that, and I think if you – when you get more familiar with Xcel Energy, you seem not only have we been an environmental leader for more than a decade and have reduced our carbon emissions in addition to many other emissions, but our carbon emissions specifically by more than 20% of our 2005 baseline we'll reduce them by 30% by 2030, but we're going to be on that. As a leader on renewables, leader in converting aging coal plants and natural gas. If you take a look at what we're doing right here in the upper mid west with our plan, we'll have reduced carbon emissions by 2030 by 60%. That will exceed the Clean Power Plan targets. So, we recognized what you're talking about and what we believe, as it can be done, but you need to do it pragmatically and with affordability and reliability in line and when you have a long-term plan under a good policy framework, you can accomplish that. So, thank you for your question, and look forward some good things from Xcel Energy.
Teresa Madden: Well, let me start with, yeah, our guidance is 0.5% of 1%. The leap year is 0.3% and we are seeing customer growth of about 1% across our system. And we are seeing – if we look at the last two quarters, well, on the annual basis in terms of use per customers particularly in our residential class, we are showing a decline in our larger jurisdictions. The last two quarters, we have actually seen that plateau. And so, we don't expect to see this continue. I mean two quarters is not necessarily a trend, but we do expect that to levelize. So, we are expecting to see some improvement. And then, specifically to some of our large C&Is where we do see some decline, we see that's going forward that we don't expect that to continue. We see some stabilization with where they will be at in 2016 as well.
Teresa Madden: Well, thank you all for participating in our earnings call this morning. Please contact Paul Johnson and the IR team with any follow-up questions, and thanks very much.
Benjamin Fowke: I'm Julian, and in terms of – we don't think that this is dependent on the cash tax position by any means, and we do think the CapEx probably would start in the middle of, I would say, the 2018 timeframe, so -e and we think we'll be well positioned. We have some time to – because of the NOL situation and the multi-year has been described. So we think that we have a lot of opportunity and that's probably when it would start.
Benjamin Fowke: I mean, well, it's not only in Colorado, I mean it's also in Minnesota. And then remember, we talked about how we would pursue a capital upside forecast at our Analyst Day. And what we've done is with the filing of the Colorado Energy plan have updated that capital forecast, because we didn't have renewables from Colorado in that Analyst Day presentation, and we should and I'm confident that you're going to see more renewable, because of the ITC, PTC has been extended. And in fact, if you think about, the PTC is – it does face down quicker than the ITC. So if you were staging it, you'd probably focus on more wind initially. And you know, you don't – you've got to look at the NOLs too, as I think Teresa was talking about at the OpCo level, specifically then it rolls up to the Holdco. I think what you're referring to Julian is maybe some – you know, if you don't have a tax appetite, some of those things get – put on the balance sheet for a period of time, and they do. But that's okay. I mean, it turns around and we're very much prepared to wait for that turnaround, because these opportunities I think are extremely compelling, realistic and they're right in front of us, and they are in our backyard and it's organic growth.
Benjamin Fowke: Yeah. I mean again I think these things are affordable and we always pursue things with the impact on the consumer. And even with low natural gas prices, what we're seeing with wind and now with the extension of PTC says, a) it's a good deal for consumers. Same with solar, I mean, as you know, large scale solar is a better deal for all customers than as rooftop, but – and I think there is an appetite for that.
Benjamin Fowke: Well, a PPA in my mind, drilling is kind of like the decision between whether you own a car or lease a car, right. And typically, you can [indiscernible] the PPAs, so it's the cost of ownerships lower in the early years, but as that lease expires and then you got to re-up it and it becomes more expensive. So, when you do a total revenue requirements over the expected life of the asset, it's typically more beneficial to own the asset. And I think our commissions recognize that and I think they incur – are supportive to Teresa's point of us owning more renewables.
Benjamin Fowke: Well, it's – I don't – I don't think that's really entirely true, Greg, because we've been in a refund position. As Teresa mentioned, we just entered our second three year approach, our plan and that plan required us to do some work to earn that ROE and bonus depreciation on the multi-year will help us earn that authorized ROE more readily. And then of course...
Benjamin Fowke: In that view, it's tougher to get to the – into a sharing position now, because the plan is a little more difficult, because you've got more spending. So, it only puts you back into a refund position, if you over earn, which is less likely under this plan. And therefore, you might not have as intangible impact in Colorado, as it wouldn't necessarily in Minnesota, where you're – whatever the new rate plans are going to be, it'll be in there, right.
Benjamin Fowke: ...entire spend of the 1,000 megawatts, which I think is 600 wind, 400 solar. And we assume we get a half of it.
Benjamin Fowke: What's the begin – it always takes two to settle, right. I mean so and we do had time scheduled over the summer for that. I think that's a good sign. I think that if you look at the case, it's about a straight forward issue you can get. So, you know I'm cautiously optimistic that we can get something done. It would make sense to get something done, and got Marvin McDaniel, Chris Clark if you want to add anything to that, you're on the front lines.
Benjamin Fowke: Well, Steven, I think for us – when I think of midstream, I think of pipeline type assets, ideally PERC regulated and not so much gathering and processing and only that fits in our risk profile. So, I think for us the thing to do is twofold, one, there is anticipated to be a lot of shake out the current oil and gas prices remain and maybe that will create some opportunities for us at reasonable cost, reasonable cost being underscored out there. And we'll also continuing to look for organic type – pipeline type growth opportunities in our own regions in part due to the clean power plant and the need for more gas redundancy. But don't look for us to jump into what I would – I think you would consider classic midstream assets. I'd also tell you, as when I mentioned on the call that while we're interested in get rate base in gas reserves, in today's very low natural gas environment, it's difficult to find those opportunities that makes sense from a consumer standpoint. But our thought is, as you know, things cycle, commodity prices change and you got to have a framework in place, so you can execute on it quickly opportunistically, and that's what we're seeking to accomplish initially in Colorado.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. That's easy enough. Second question is just and an apologize to beat this that horse to Paul, but I know you're talk about the benefits after 18 of the kind of the bonus and rate headroom and all those things, but just to make sure understand, if the NOL benefit is gone then the bonus impact is actually bigger out test 2018? So obviously, you have more rate headroom, but it also impacts rate base more. Or if I'm not right.
Steve Fleishman: Then you have the – so you're right. Obviously you're point is that you've got line of site on project opportunities and then it fits well within your rate headroom kind of limitations and all that stuff to fill that in do things that you want to do, so okay.
Steve Fleishman: Okay. And then on the Minnesota rate case, could you maybe just give a little more color on how likely you see chances for settling that, given I know there are lot of involvement in getting the legislation done to begin with it.
