Ben Fowke: I think, Greg, that's a great question. I mean we do recognize that we have some modest risk for which we have incorporated into our range. I think we got a lot of things going for us. First of all, we are very much aligned with our commissions on what we are doing with the clean energy transition. It's good to have their support with that. I think second of all, if you think about it, we certainly don't have above market ROEs today. And then finally, if you look at some data points on some of the cases that we have decided recently, they kind of point to a reasonable ROE. So we always know we don't everything we ask for, of course. And I think we are very comfortable with the guidance we have set for us.
Ben Fowke: Well, that's two parts to the question. I guess as the last part, we don't have any renewables scheduled because we try to sync up that renewable portfolio with our IRP plan. And as you know, Chris, we expect to retire coal plants in the mid-2020s and that's when this next round of renewables, which will be very significant, will come through. One of the benefits we have had with our Steel for Fuel program is, we have created headroom on the consumer bills to do more investment in grid infrastructure and the investment we are talking about, Chris, isn't really going to require the regulatory approval because it's not the big transmission lines I referred to when I said we are getting the band back together again. This is asset health. This is the reliability. And this is to support some of the renewables that we already have out there.
Ben Fowke: And it's clear while renewables that we put into our capital forecast usually come out of a IRP process, we believe there might be some opportunities to add some renewables still but just not identified yet which is why they are upside.
Ben Fowke: I will take a stab at it and maybe Bob will augment it. First of all, when we have had good quarters, we tell you don't think that as a trend. When we have a little bit off, we tell you don't take that as trend. But we did know, as Bob mentioned in his remarks, that we did have some of C&I customers that were self generating through cogen, et cetera. And that was planned. We knew about it. So that's the big issue there.
Ben Fowke: Well, listen, the time that we would get entering the settlement discussions, Angie, would be after rebuttal. So that's the period now and there has been some outreach and some work being done but we don't have anything to report to you or we would. And as you know, it's scheduled for hearing, I think, in thinking the first week of November. So maybe something will come up in that timeframe. But if we have something to report, we would tell you.
Ben Fowke: Well, our approach is always going to be, let's find customer beneficial acquisition opportunities through PPAs and let's offer them to our customers. And so our plan is always to put them in rate base. In the case of Mankato, the department and ultimately the commission decided that the benefits were too back-end loaded, some variances in how we modeled those benefits and they decided that they didn't want it in rate base. However, we still believe it's a very valuable asset and that it belongs in our portfolio. So we went forward with a non-regulated base approach. But Angie, this isn't a change in strategy or anything else. We always want to see this. We wouldn't bring something to our commissions that we didn't think had a customer benefit. If there's disputes along the way, then we have to adjust to that depending on the situation. But that's always going to be Plan B, not Plan A.
Ben Fowke: Yes. And we still see plenty of opportunities, as Bob previously mentioned, to find those PPA buyout opportunities. And of course, we are in eight states, not just one or two. So they are across all of our jurisdictions.
Ben Fowke: Well, Angie, I have to tell you, I think we have the most transparent growth of our organic system which is the $22 billion that we put forth and we think even beyond the forecast period, we will continue to see excellent opportunities to grow the system. We are create headroom with things like Steel for Fuel to keep bills low so that we can make those investments and not overburden customers. I think that's a very important consideration. The PPA buyout strategies which is pure upside to a very robust base capital plan. And this is not a strategic change. You are not going to see us look for opportunities to come in as a financial investor. This is situation where we had some modeling differences on the benefits. Bob mentioned, we have two other wind proposals in front of the commission. The difference there is, these benefits are very much front-end loaded. And I think there is a preference in Minnesota to own renewables over gas. So we will see where that goes. But again, I think we are quite proud of the pure play vertically integrated regulated utility we are.
Ben Fowke: Well, the work we did with CapEx 2020 opened up the door for a lot of renewables, but it's starting, to your point, to get constrained. And I do think long term, we are going to need more transmission development in the region to make sure we can continue to see renewables come into the MISO market. That said, Steve, I think we have some opportunities in the interim to squeeze out, if you will, the transmission capacity that is available and we are looking at those opportunities. And of course, some of the transmission that we are building in the next two years will help with that as well.
Ben Fowke: Well, I think certainly there is obviously a lot of work done with the new FERC rules on how that relates to existing transmission and repurposing and I think there will be some opportunities in the market around that.
Ben Fowke: It does sync up very nicely to our plans to retire coal plants. So our emphasis, particularly on MISO, will be more heavily towards solar which leads the initial tranches which have a better planning capacity, Steve, if you will than wind, which is by far the best energy type source.
Ben Fowke: Well, I think you have the timeframe right. So time for settlement is right after rebuttal but before hearing. So we have got that week or two window to try to get something done. If I had something definitive to report, I would. But I don't want you to think that we are not interested in pursuing a settlement.
Ben Fowke: Steve, there is a real benefit to the settlement, but there is also from a timing perspective, the hearings are first week in November. Commission decision is expected in December and new rates in January. So the timeline is relatively compressed anyway in terms of when we go from hearing to final rates. So the clock itself is not a driver.
Ben Fowke: And Julien, remember when this does get built, we have pretty attractive right of first refusal legislation in some of our key states. So we are excited about the opportunities at the bill transmission. And without getting too specific in the details, we do see some opportunities to utilize existing transmission and other existing queue access to not slow down our plan in the meantime.
Ben Fowke: Well, I mean, it's just the weighing of the benefits. I think renewables definitely have a preference with our commission than gas, but I think it also comes down to the modeling and we are working with the department to make sure we have a more consistent modeling approach as we go into the IRP process. I think that's important, Julien. But let me just step back, the IRRs of Mankato are good for shareholders. We think we would prefer to have Mankato owned by our customers because that's always our first preference and that's our core strategy. But we didn't want to walk away from this asset. We want it in the portfolio. And so I think shareholders will benefit and we will see what the, I am not going to speculate on what the commission does with our wind projects, but I will tell you that we are comfortable with ownership, prefer ownership on the regulated side, but it's not bad in a portfolio either. And remember, when Bob talks about 10,000 megawatts, they are across all eight states. And it just so happens, these initial PPA buyouts came in Minnesota. But remember, we had Calpine in Colorado before and there are other opportunities in other states. And I just want to reiterate and I hope I am answering your question, we are not having a strategic change. We are definitely focused on the great organic growth opportunities we have as a regulated utility in the Upper Midwest all the way down to Texas.
Ben Fowke: Well, that's a great question. It's one of the reasons why we accelerated and really put the pedal down on our Steel for Fuel program and the biggest wind expansion in the country that we have now because we did want to lock in those PTC credits before they expired at the 100% level and even at the 80% level. You are right. I think the wind industry will take a little time to adjust quite frankly, Travis, when the PTCs roll-off. Of course, there is a chance they won't. Our approach to the solar piece of this is that I think the cost curve on solar continues to decline pretty quickly. And so we think that even the absence of the roll-off of ITC or most of it anyway will be more than offset by just gains in the solar itself and we think that times of very, very nicely to the retirement of our coal plants in the mid-2020. So we don't see a need to go out and lock anything in because we think the cost curve will more than offset the ITC reduction. And again, we will clearly wait to see if there is legislation, et cetera might change that.
Ben Fowke: Well, first of all, I think wind will recover and will be attractively priced. And I think wind will always compete very nicely against solar on an energy basis. And I think you will find as more and more solar that comes on the system, the planning capacity might fall off a little bit. So I think wind is always going to be there. We just so happen to want to focus on solar as we are retiring our coal plants. Solar has some advantages. Just think about it, I had farmers come up to me and say, gosh, you know, if we get we didn't have a wind farm on our land, we might have gone under. So you still farm the land when you have a wind project going there. Solar, not so much. I mean you basically the land is being repurposed. And then, of course, there are different characteristics with when the wind blows versus when the sun shines. And so I think the two will complement each other in our clean energy transition very nicely. And I think there is going to wind indefinitely.
Ben Fowke: Just one comment on that too. You have got to remember, we are in the wind belt of the United States. So it's one of the reasons why our Steel for Fuel strategies work so well. And so we are always going to have that inherent advantage.
Ben Fowke: Look, if you look at what we are asking for in the case, you look at what we did with rebuttals, we have a distinct possibility, but possibilities versus something I can talk to you about explicitly, we are not there.
Ben Fowke: No, I don't think so. We plan to file for interim rates in the first week of November. I don't see anything too controversial with that. We expect the rates to go into place. And then we will process the case. I am not sure, we still see the same alignment with our strategy and we expect a constructive outcome. So that answers your question, Sophie. I want to make sure I did.
Ben Fowke: No, not at all. No, there is no strained relationship at all around that. It's just a difference of the commission deciding we don't think there is enough benefit. We think there was a lot of benefit and still do. But no reflection upon strain in the relationship.
Ben Fowke: Well, I think that's a really good question. I don't think the barrier to getting transmission done, which is really what we are trying to get accomplished, is not about the competitive process In fact, if you look at the biggest transmission build, it was done with CapEx 2020, as I mentioned. And that was utilities of all sizes and municipalities and co-ops coming together to form a plan that works with an idea of how cost would be allocated because the real barriers to getting transmission build is, who pays for it and then of course the permitting and everything else that goes with that. So I think my personal opinion, Paul, is that FERC 1000 and that whole process really clouds it and it's not necessary and we will see where that goes. But as I mentioned, as you know, we have got a right of first refusal in Minnesota. We have it in other jurisdictions. We are not an RTO in Colorado. I think there is some real advantages to that. But we will get this transmission built. And we are being realistic in the time it takes to get it built.
Ben Fowke: Let me just add that when we talk about utility like returns over the life, that is with very, in our opinion, very conservative modeling. I do think that the trend towards anti-gas makes existing gas assets valuable. And we are retiring coal plants and we are keenly focused on reliability. So Vedula, we really thought it was important to keep it in our portfolio because I think that the value of existing gas assets is only going to grow and this is a CC plant that we modeled very, very conservatively. So it's reason why we did not want to walk away from this one.
Bob Frenzel: Yes. Chris, in my prepared remarks I mentioned we would probably do it over the next three years and historically the company has looked at a bunch of different products. We have used ATM programs. We have used block deals in the past. I think we look at a various mix of products. I think it will come in obviously more than one offering. And so I just think we will be measured about it and we will execute it in line with our cash needs as we look forward over the next three years.
Bob Frenzel: Yes. Ali, this is Bob. I think that's the right way to think about it. We recognize that in the back years of our plan, we may have structurally under-forecasted some items. And I think we spent a lot of time with the operations in the businesses this year looking at their asset needs and trying to get everything into a single plan to make it simple and easy for the investor to understand. So I think what you are seeing here is the compilation of probably six months worth of good work by the company trying to identify projects in the back part of the plan that maybe might not have gotten identified in previous plans. So I think we have melded base and what we may have historically called upside or unidentified. I do think though and I think Ben was going to comments on upside and I think there are items that aren't embedded in this plan. I think Ben mentioned one which is a continuation of our PPA buyout strategy. We think we have got 10,000, 11,000 megawatts of PPAs that the company procures today from third-party owners and we still think that there is opportunities out there to find customer beneficial acquisitions. None of that's included in the $22 billion.
Bob Frenzel: Yes. Ali, the only thing I would add to it is, we have seen some softness in the sand mining industry and fracing in Wisconsin, some of that attributable to competing products around the country and some softness in the gas markets broadly.
Bob Frenzel: Angie, these are all still long-dated PPA contracts from the asset to one of our regulated operating companies, in this case NSP-M. So we do like the credit counterparty. We do like the optics of the transaction. I think it works for shareholders and customers alike. And so you should expect us to move forward with the Mankato one. On the wind projects, our preference is to own them in rate base. I think they are really beneficial for the customers. But if they don't, we have made a preemptive filing at FERC to move those to wholesale as well. But again, as Ben said, I don't this is a strategic shift. It's just a recognition of their good assets that serve our customers and we are willing to own them.
Bob Frenzel: And I think, Steve, longer term, this is a longer term issue that we are working on and Ben said we are getting the band back together, CapEx 2020 was a very successful consortium of transmission owners in MISO that came together and formulate a plan and executed on very successfully. I think that that group is back together. They put out a press release on it three, four weeks ago trying to come up with solutions in partnership with MISO for longer term transmission access. And this is going to be probably not in our current capital plan but more like in years five through 15 where we are going to see much more regional. We expect to see more regional transmission to enable exactly what you are talking about.
Bob Frenzel: I think there is still a bit of uncertainty, Julien, around the MISO transmission planning process. We are obviously a large transmission owner of MISO and are participating with them in the process. Our own group, I will call it the CapEx 2020 group, getting back together is still in its early days in terms of identifying timelines for engineering studies and how this might progress. I don't think this is a very quick process. I think this is going to take at least five years through planning before we start getting into real capital plans and construction timeframes. And so I don't want to suggest that something is going to change in the next year 12 to 18 months in terms of congestion in the MISO region. And we are seeing similar stuff in SPP as well in terms of just congestion and queues being backed up and projects being assessed with significant upgrade costs.
Bob Frenzel: Hi Travis, this is Bob. I think our base plan is to finance at the parent company with a mix of parent company, holding company debt and equity. I think our long term capital structure is the right way to look at any of these assets. So 60/40 debt to equity ratio is how we think about financing the business.
Bob Frenzel: Yes. Paul, this is Bob. For the rate base assumption, that's correct. But for the capital assumption, we are still going to spend the capital to procure that asset.
Bob Frenzel: I think the largest driver of that is sort of wind movements across plan years. So previously we were going to have a build-own-transfer project with our Cheyenne wind project. We are going to build that ourselves. And we moved a bunch of that capital into 2019 to get it built in time for 100% PTC. In 2020, some of the wind has moved from 2019 into 2020. And so that's probably the bigger pickup in the NSPM territory. In total, capital for 2019 is expected to be in line with our original guidance of $5.1 billion.
Bob Frenzel: I think big picture, Ben talked about a lot of that and it's a lot of investments in our network for the transmission, distribution and gas networks. That's big spend year for us for our advanced grid initiatives. And that's when we start spending additional dollars in the gas networks as well. So again, we spent a lot of money in renewables over the last three or four years. We have created a significant amount of customer bill headroom and we are starting to look at the networks businesses a little more carefully and we have seen both need and opportunity there.
Bob Frenzel: No. I think the expectations over the life of the asset, it looks like our utility like return are consolidated corporate returns. We have stated that it's a little bit lower on the front-end and a little bit higher on the back-end, just given the structure of the contracts. But otherwise, I agree with Ben's comments.
Bob Frenzel: Thank you very much for your participation in our call today. As always, if you have any questions, please follow-up with investor relations.
