Brian Van Abel: Yes. So we met with the credit rating agencies in September. And as we are sitting right now, we've included tax credit transferability in our financing plan, and we expect that they will include it in the way they look at our credit metrics. And for us, we use the income tax election method, so it will flow through our cash from operations in our financial statements. So all of that is included in our baseline as we think about it. 
Brian Van Abel: And Julien, a couple of the other pieces in that steel for Fuel 2.0 plan is the SPS Solar plus Storage, we should get the decision in Q2 of next year. And then we just launched in a sort of 1200 megawatt wind RFP. Bids are due in December, should get a short list in Q2 of next year on that. And then not in any in our steel for Fuel 2.0, but really looking forward to working with our stakeholders in SPS. Bob mentioned this in his opening remarks of our New Mexico resource plan. We'll launch an RFP in mid next year and that's 5,000 to 10,000 megawatts of potential generation resources and should get a project selection in call it early to mid-2025 for that. So nowhere in the $10 billion is a great opportunity as we look forward to transitioning to SPS's generation outage. 
Brian Van Abel: Yes, Julien, I mean, certainly we'll wait until we get through the commission approvals. But if that timing aligns, then yes, it would be fair to think through that. 
Brian Van Abel: The way we look at it, the base capital plan pretty programmatic as we think about it, most likely in ATM with the base capital plan. When you look at the -- not just in Colorado, but the $10 billion of the Steel for Fuel 2.0 opportunities, this is really kind of the '25, '26, '27 time frame or the heavy spend. So I would look at it as that's in the time frame that would align with the spend for that incremental and additional opportunities. 
Brian Van Abel: Thanks, Nick. I'll take that one. The way I think about it is -- yes. So we're starting to see a number of things in our long-term sales forecast. We updated our sales forecast for 2024, 2% to 3%. But we think over the 5 years at that 2% to 3% CAGR to hold, if not, call it conservative, given what we're seeing on the potential load from data centers. Data centers represent less than 1% of our sales right now. We see some potential where that could grow to 5% over this next 5 years.  As I think about just next year, significant electrification happening in the oil and gas region in the Permian Basin, the Delaware Basin. We're working very closely with our large customers down there around -- it's not just -- it's not really about even more drilling. It's electrification of their pumps compressors as they hit their net zero goals in the Permian Basin and achieve the goals that the state of New Mexico has for them.  And then also, we're starting to see an uptick in residential demand. We're starting to see penetration from the EV perspective. So overall, really great trends as we look out -- not only next year but longer term with kind of electrification and data center potential. 
Brian Van Abel: Yes. So you're actually thinking about it correctly. When we went into this year before the market has even fully set up, we're a little bit conservative in saying around $200 million. We've already executed 2 contracts for $250 million and working on another. So we feel very good about our $300 million to $400 million in total for the balance of the year.  And when we think about our baseline, we've layered in the Sherco solar projects now that they've been approved. So we have a little bit over 5 -- think about it about $500 million run rate annual transfer of PTC credits. So it's about a total of $2.7 billion over our 5-year forecast from '24 to '28. 
Brian Van Abel: Yes. So we'll file it by November 1, absolutely right. So due next week, working with the stakeholders are working on the plan, and we've seen compounded in a couple of different veins. One is this idea of the smoothing mechanism where we can reduce volatility by using our balance sheet. And so if commodity prices spike to a certain level, we would take that on our balance sheet and spread over 1, 2, 3, 4 years and get a carrying cost on it or really reduce that volatility that our customers experienced last year. So that's important because we need to maintain a good balance sheet, strong product quality to be able to use our balance sheet to help our customers out.  The second part is really focused on what are the proposals we can make to reduce volatility and that's whether there's additional physical storage, potential for fixed physical contracts or additional financial hedging. So you see all out of par proposal here coming up next week and look forward to working with the commission and the stakeholders and helping reduce the volatility for our customers in Colorado. 
Brian Van Abel: And just to clarify, we meant that we've reduced our reliance on fossil fuels, not the reliability of our fossil fuels. 
Brian Van Abel: Carly, thanks for the question. So it's evolved pretty close to how we expected it to this year, bilateral transactions in kind of the pricing we anticipated. There has been significant amount of demand. The demand is much, much greater than our supply of PTCs. Now we're still waiting for a little -- for the treasury staying up their portal and additional administrative requirements. So we feel comfortable executing contracts.  I think also what we found and this is the strength of us, as we are a major player in this market. We have a great tax department. And with our balance sheet strength and our credit quality, we have no issue with identifying these credits, which makes it really easy to do business with us. And as a certain evolve, we're getting in the longer-term discussions is not just a 2023 or 2024 transaction, but hey, let's look at longer-term multiple years signing up a single counterparty. So we're very pleased with how it's developed, and the amount of interest from their counterparties there. And for us it's great. We have almost 20 Fortune 500 companies in our backyard in Minneapolis in Minnesota. So, it is great to have those relationships at the C-suite level to drive some of these. 
Brian Van Abel: And Carly, the second part of your question, you asked about kind of the guidance around. Obviously, we're still waiting for the guidance from Treasury unless we provided our comments, industry's driver comments. One of the things important to us is on the nuclear qualifying for hydrogen PTC. So hopeful that we get guidance here, rumor sometime in November, but it could push a little bit. 
Brian Van Abel: Jeremy, good question. Obviously, we are in a higher interest rate environment, higher financing market and also have some issue equity -- equity to fund accretive growth which we're very comfortable with. It's important to maintain a strong balance sheet. And we've been very consistent about how we'll fund incremental growth. So, as you go through you do see a little bit of a divergence from rate base growth and EPS growth, but certainly, not hard to do the math, and I'm sure all of you have done that math already. 
Brian Van Abel: Yeah. We take everything that happened in this year from a regulatory perspective rate case perspective taking into account as we give 2024 guidance. When we think about O&M, we're down for this year our guidance for this year is down 1% to 2%. So as we think about next year up 1% to 2% we did some management actions in this year. And so really when I put the 2 years together it's about essentially maintaining flat O&M. It's a big focus from a long-term perspective is investing in technology to improve processes and take cost out of the business.  We have innovation and transformation arm focused on eliminating waste and improving processes. We call it One Xcel Energy Way that we've deployed at the start of this year. And also as you go longer term we start to see tailwinds from coal plant shutdowns as we start to shut down a unit of the year almost. So next year is just a little bit of a balance in this year and next year but over flat is how I'd look at it overall. 
Brian Van Abel: Yes. And I think really next year, as you mentioned, in the Permian Basin, significant growth down in SPS as we're supporting electrification and working closely with our large customers there.  From a data center perspective and thinking about the longer-term growth, I do think right now our 5-year sales growth is -- we're projecting 2% to 3% over the 5 years. So kind of think about 2024, and that will continue over the next 5 years. And I think there's even opportunity beyond that as you start to look at what generative AI means from a load perspective and a data center perspective.  So pretty excited. We think about -- obviously, there's investment opportunity when we think about loan growth, helping us keeping customer bills low and affordable and that's really important as we look to invest significantly into our system. 
Brian Van Abel: Yes. And we have -- as we mentioned we have the 1,200 megawatts of wind RFP in flight. We actually have Wisconsin RFP, solar RFP in flight that we're working on. we think we'll file another resource plan, but also significant opportunities in Minnesota longer date is around our wind repowerings. And the assets that we put in service in the 2018 to 2021 timeframe, we're requiring a couple of older ones that we brought forward to the commission and it's a great way to increase output and save our customers' money. And so we'll look at those as we get closer to the time period as another opportunity in terms of being able to buy savings for our customers and invest in steel in the ground. 
Brian Van Abel: Just easiest rule of thumb is I'll call it a 1% change in sales, there's about a $25 million change in the revenue from our sales. So, that's a good rule of thumb for you, Travis. 
Brian Van Abel: No. That was revenue -- sorry, that's revenue. And that takes into account our true-up in decoupling mechanisms. 
Brian Van Abel: Certainly, we work closely with our audit firm on this and the audit firm is working with the -- the Big Four are working together. The way we look at -- it's an income tax model election for us. And so what that means is we're going to run it through the gains and losses through income tax expense on the income statement. And so any discounts on the sales will run through that and then from a regulatory approval of regulatory mechanisms for that discount whether we'll be able to have deferral treatment of the discount with our regulatory approval. So really because this is a benefit of our customers to be able to have that regulatory deferral mechanism is helpful. And then it will run through our cash from operations. So I think income tax expense line item and then cash from operations. 
Brian Van Abel: Yes. I mean it's -- we will appeal. We feel that we have a strong legal challenge against -- there's 2 items and the award is related to lost power. I mean the majority upon no liability in all the other allegations, including no word for diminution of plant value. So as Paul mentioned in the opening comments, we view it as a onetime charge, and we have a strong legal basis for challenging that $26 million of award. 
Brian Van Abel: Ryan, it's something we have nothing in our capital plans for PPA buy-ins or PPA buyouts as we think about it. It's something that can come through the RFP processes. As we think about it, and we work closely with our developers to see if there's an opportunity.  The way I think about the opportunities may come in, if you can buy out a wind farm and repower it, that's where we've been successful with our PPA buyouts. But we think it has an incremental very opportunistic -- call it opportunistic, hard-to-predict opportunities, and that's why we don't put anything in our capital plans. But we do work closely with our developers to see if there's opportunities from time to time. 
Brian Van Abel: Yes. And I was in just taking a step back. We're proud of the 4 grants that we've received really focusing on how can we help lower the cost of our customers, others for new technology around and specifically on the  form long-duration battery. And not only do we get $70 million in deal refunding for that, but we also got $20 million from Breakthrough Energy Ventures. So $90 million for those 2 pilots. So really a great story and looking forward to working with our commissions on all the DOE funding that we've received so far. And certainly, we'll look for other opportunities out there. 
Brian Van Abel: Thank you all for participating in our earnings call this morning. Please contact our Investor Relations team with any follow-up questions. 
Robert Frenzel: Yeah. Hey, Julien, it's Bob. We're really excited about the Colorado Energy Plan. It's great to see it sort of nearing conclusion and approval milestones. We've been working on this for two years. We've actually been working with the counterparties on the bids for over six months. I recognize that it might be quick timing for the external world, but we've been working with these people for a while and we're really excited about what we've done here. We've been working with stakeholders very collaboratively and the PUC over the past two years to bring this plan to life for our Colorado customers. Obviously a great wrinkle, right in the middle of it with the IRA, right? And so we've basically been able to double the renewable portfolio, have the fossil portfolio, increase our storage component dramatically. So we think the plan meets the policy guidelines. The process from here is relatively quick in the grand scheme of things. So we received the independent engineer's report that validated our proposal last week –-- actually Monday of this week I think. We get comments –-- external comments to early November. We applied to those comments late November and then we turn it over to the commission for deliberations. We think that happens in December and early next year and probably early Q1 of next year we'd expect a decision from the commission. So pretty quick given the long time frame of the process in total. 
Robert Frenzel: Yes. Consistent with past practice, Nick, we would expect some forms of customer protection, capital costs or energy cost providers. We've submitted some proposals to the commission that they -- so they are purview. It will go along with their overall decision. And on the portfolio side, of course, there's always a chance to look at it, but we've looked at this sideways, back ways, front ways. I think we've put together a great plan that complements the geographic diversity in the state where the wind and solar physically come into the grid to provide high resilience and reliability from the renewable resources. And so always a chance to move it around a little bit, but we'll think the substantial changes coming from the plan. 
Robert Frenzel: Nick, just to add on to that, this is Bob. When I think about some of the comments I made in the opening remarks, about the ability to deliver clean energy more cost effectively in our regions of the country than other parts. I think over the long term, that should absolutely accrue to our state's benefits in terms of economic development. Energy and energy-intensive resources are going to come back in onshore in the United States. We should be a very attractive destination for them as we can deliver renewable energy and clean energy much more cost effectively. We serve customers where the wind blows and the sun shines and that translates to high capacity factors and lower energy cost to our customers, which should lead to long-term economic development in our states. 
Robert Frenzel: Durgesh just to add on to that, one of the best things we've done for our customers is our renewables portfolio. We have lowered our reliability on fossil fuels dramatically over the past five years and the customers have accrued over $4 billion of fuel savings and tax benefits from that since 2017. So as we continue to look forward obviously the Colorado Energy Plan our Upper Midwest Energy plans certainly derisk our customers from a commodity volatility on the electric side. And as we lean into clean fuels, you start to see that on the gas LDC side as well. 
Robert Frenzel: Sure. So Carly, it's Bob. We're really excited about our clean fuels program, but it is fairly long dated. We are at a place where we are invited to negotiate with the DOE on this upper Midwest Hydrogen Heartland hub. Negotiations, final engineering, those processes are going to take probably 2 years. I wouldn't say we'd start capital deployment until probably the end of our 5-year plan and runs through the end of the decade. I would think that parts of the hub could be activated by 2029 -- 2028, 2029. So it's long-dated investment cycle.  It's a $5 billion project. About half of that was attributable to projects that we proposed. So about $2 billion of company capital paired with $0.5 billion of federal money, is sort of how I think about it. None of that is in our financial plan, and that's about the timeline it's going to go on. So we'll still work on -- that does not include any investments also that we would look at some of the projects in Colorado were really attractive as part of our hub application there. We still want to work with the federal offices and our state partners, to see if we can advance some of those projects as well. Again, none of that's in our base case or in our Steel for Fuel portfolio. 
Robert Frenzel: Yeah. Hey, it's Bob. I don't think we've seen a lot of material updates in Marshall, I think in our disclosures in our Q and in our earnings release are up-to-date. We've seen 675 plaintiffs. To put it in perspective we think there are about 1,100 structures that had some amount of physical damage and estimated by the by the state of Colorado at about $2 billion worth of damage. None of that's changed or been updated. The cases into 14 complaints and has been consolidated into a single case right now. The statute of limitation ends at the end of the year. So we think it will be pretty quiet until then maybe a couple of other plaintiffs trickle in through the process and then we'd expect to get a litigation calendar sometime in early next year. 
Robert Frenzel: Anthony, Look, we've been operating under WMP in Colorado for the past 4 years. I think that plan was around $400 million in total. We are looking at more capital investments as we roll forward. I think a lot of that's going to be built into the base plan already. I don't think it has anything of the magnitude of Steel for Fuel 2.0. Obviously, the big needle in there would be if we did something very dramatic on undergrounding. I don't see a proposal that will move the needle necessarily in capital expenditures going forward, but something worth looking at. 
Robert Frenzel: Maybe -- David, it's Bob. Thanks for the question. When I think about my prepared remarks, I made the comment around 15,000 to 20,000 gigawatts of -- 15,000 megawatts of generation by the end of the decade. If you think 7 of that's in Colorado, then the balance, 8 to 13 is a combination of SPS and NSP. There's very little in our capital plan, our Steel for Fuel plan that's included for those 2 regions in our capital plan or in our Steel for Fuel 2.0 that Brian laid out.  So we have real generation upside investment opportunities. They're a little longer dated. So I think '28 to '30 maybe outside of the plan period. Some might creep into this 5 years, but I think it's really more backdated.  But that's a substantial amount of generation in each of those two -- to those jurisdictions. We did go through a resource plan in Minnesota, the 1,200 megawatts that we referenced in terms of RP for next year as part of that program. But there's probably 4,000 to 5,000 megawatts of that is in the Upper Midwest, largely approved as part of our last resource plan that we need to go execute upon. 
Robert Frenzel: Yes, David, look, so the great benefit of the last couple of years is obviously the Inflation Reduction Act. We've definitively seen higher capital costs in wind and in solar, the IRA and the tax benefits of 100% PTCs have been able to offset that, at least in our jurisdictions on an LCOE business. So probably I'll give you some data points. I'd say we've seen probably 30 -- from our last approved wind project, which would have been our Dakota Ridge project, we built that for around 1,200, 1,250 kW, we've probably seen capital cost increases on wind or 30% to 40% on top of that.  But the IRA has offset all of the capital cost improvements as well as NCS improvements as well as NCS improvements from better technology and the bigger turbines. Those 2 combinations have put our LCOEs on those projects in line with what we put wind into service for in 2018 and 2019. So we're really favorable participants. Our customers are great beneficiaries of the Inflation Reduction Act keep the levelized cost of energy very, very affordable for our customers.  And when I think about -- I made the comment earlier around sort of economic development opportunities. We're putting wind in -- let's say we're putting wind in around $20, $22 a megawatt-hour. You compare that to offshore wind on the East Coast at north of $100 and we think over time lower cost energy will accrue an economic benefits to our regions of the country. 
Robert Frenzel: Hey Travis, it's Bob. Good morning. Our proposed plan would certainly put the assets into regulatory rate base here in the Upper Midwest. If you think about our proposals at the DOE, we've got green hydrogen off of wind and solar. We've got pink hydrogen off of nuclear plants and the end users are going to help partners create green fertilizers, green ammonia to green urea to fertilizer, as well as some amount of blending into our gas plants and into our LDCs with some of the output. So the expectation is they would go through a regular state process around that capital investment and those ultimate uses for the fuel. 
Robert Frenzel: Yes, so sorry, thanks. We went through a reconsideration process in mid-September. I think our appeal plan would be early November. 
Robert Frenzel: Ryan, it's Bob. I don't know if there's more dollars in the DOE bucket in the grid resiliency program. Obviously, we're going to take these dollars and continue to do additional work. Those were discrete projects that were approved with the DOE and are earmarked across our various states. Some of which is for wildfire. Some of it is in technology development. So we're excited about partnering with the DOE. It's about 60-40 split in terms of their funding versus our capital, and our piece is embedded within our forecast. So it's not going to be a big upside in terms of capital investment opportunities.  But as we look to the long term, on wildfire mitigation plan. We're going to work with all of our stakeholders in our various states. But the wildfire mitigation plan in Colorado should get filed late this year or early next and look to be very proactive in how we handle system hardening, new technology to bring to bear to minimize the risk of ignition for our customers in the state, obviously, protecting their assets and their help is our priority. 
