Ben Fowke: Sure. And we’re going to add obviously as part of that the resource plan a tremendous amount of renewables both wind and solar. A lot of it comes in the ’20 through ’30 time frame. I think that gives us a great opportunity to own a good piece of those investment opportunities for couple of reasons. One, clearly technology will come down and it will most likely not have as much of the federal tax incentives that it does have now. Two, our tax appetite should grow in the coming year. So, I think we should be well positioned to take advantage of some of those opportunities. Your second question was regarding…
Ben Fowke: I mean there is a number of things that we want to do. I mean increasingly customer want different energy mix. They want greener products. They want different billing options. It’s basically just responding to the trend that we’ve seen that consumers, one size that’s all which has been the traditional utility role need to change. And we want to work with our commission and their staffs to make sure that we do that in a way that’s fair to all and be flexible enough to move forward with that.
Ben Fowke: It means that it would be -- the opportunity improved significantly doesn’t mean we can’t do something before that. But as you know renewables are heavily driven by tax appetites and you need one to efficiently doesn’t mean you are fully precluded but to efficiently participate in those markets. Your question was about transcos and transmission. Well keep in mind that $4.5 billion of our CapEx over the next five years is in transmission, none of it is in a transco and none of it assumes that we win any of the competitive transmission projects. So when you looked at what’s come out of SSP and their ITP 10 plan I think it was about 300-odd million dollars of potential opportunities, by the way it looks like not an incident to get amount on that would go into the SPS. But we don’t have to -- that does not impact, that would be the icing on the cake. So, our strategy has always been two pronged. We have the utility vehicle to invest in, that’s where we are today. We’re in the process of getting approvals, final approvals on our transco so that we can participate in those competitive markets. I think we’re well positioned to do that. It’s gone a little bit slower as you mentioned than I think many people thought. It doesn’t really surprise us. I think there will be more opportunities in the years to come. And again I think we’ll be very well positioned to win in those markets.
Ben Fowke: Yes I don’t know if we're actually going to talk very much about it in the actual case that we'll file to get recovery of core infrastructure investments, Ali. What I said is that we would do a concurrent filing, a separate filing that will take place most likely in the second half of this year. We're going to gather stakeholder input, understand what the important issues with our stakeholders are. Assuming those conversations and the filing goes well and I assume there'll be kind of open type meetings, then look for us to pursue a defined and more flushed out plan obviously in the 2016 timeframe. We purchased about 450 Bcf a year, so what is that, $3 that's about $1.2 billion of gas. Obviously we wouldn’t do it all, so you'd have -- you would lay into it slowly. I think with the emphasis more on our LDC business -- gas business in Colorado.
Ben Fowke: It would be separate and it -- the whole premise is it's fuel for rate base and so how that mechanism would be determined there's different models out there as I think you're aware and we would -- that's the kind of input we want from stakeholders to understand what risk they're willing to bear and which risk they're not willing to bear and then we can move forward accordingly.
Ben Fowke: I mean I think there's always opportunities I mean -- and we're always looking for those opportunities to your point and so I can't promise anything, but we certainly are diligently looking at those opportunities.
Ben Fowke: Typically Greg and there are obviously no guarantee but as you know -- as we get into those out years the actual spend has historically tended to increase as we identify new opportunities or new needs within our spending parameters. And I think you also were asking about the resource plan itself that we found, and as I said I think that could create some opportunities for us albeit most of them would be in the later part of that five year forecast or even outside of that five year forecast.
Ben Fowke: So we always look for rate based opportunities Greg, to your point and also to your point the thing that will really drive earnings is closing that ROE gap, as Teresa mentioned. I think we are making good progress on that, and we're excited about continuing what has been a good deal for customers and shareholders in Colorado and I am encouraged with the progress we are making here in Minnesota. 
Ben Fowke: Yes, we addressed that with the Board and so that you probably can assume that last year’s cycle will be more consistent going forward. 
Ben Fowke: I guess, let me start and I will let Teresa add if she thinks I have missed anything. One as Teresa we have got a 1% is probably all things equal fairly conservative sales forecast. So we have margin, reserve margin, if you will, but actually we don’t really see much in the way of we do sales coming out of the decline in oil prices, and to the extent we do keep in mind that, that is probably the lowest margin part of our business. So, I don’t think it’s a big impact Travis, really don’t and we don’t think it’s going to be a big impact on our capital expanding profile either. 
Ben Fowke: I would agree with that what Teresa said, I mean, of course the riders help with the incremental but I mean you got your core business, so sales growth is always an issue. But I think we have that reasonably paid and to Teresa’s point we are not assuming an aggressive sales forecast in those numbers. 
Ben Fowke: I guess to try to answer that it’s all about having a longer term approach to what we're trying to accomplish in Minnesota. So, the resource plan we went out further here is what we can do by 2030 here is how we get there. Let’s focus on the key objective which is carbon reduction, must be very disciplined about how we achieve that carbon reduction using what we like to call technologies at the speed of value. So disciplined on how we approach it. And let’s make sure that our regulatory compact reflects that longer view. So yes we outlined general frameworks but generally what we’re looking for is longer term regulatory compacts. We like to see compacts three, four maybe even out to five years long. And within that things you can augment that with writers, you could use formulaic recovery type mechanisms and then have the incentives for achieving what I think the state wants us to achieve. So we less deliberately beg but we’re building off that e21 initiative which we participated in but we didn’t drive. So I really think there is an excitement here in Minnesota as we’ve outlined these plans and talked about how we can achieve these carbon reduction goals at a very-very modest price to consumers. So more to come on that but I think it’s a pretty exciting time.
Ben Fowke: There is different ways you can get there. So the point is that we’re moving to a different environment and we’re going to need the regulatory compact to evolve with it. And so the key takeaway I hope we it is that what we’re really seeking is a more comprehensive multiyear approach.
Ben Fowke: Well, let me just say that, I’ve had opportunity as have others on the Xcel team to talk about what we’re trying to accomplish. And as I mentioned I think there is a lot of excitement and I think there is -- the devil is always in the details as you know. But I think there is a lot of excitement that this is a way we ought to be going as a state. So that’s from a regulatory perspective. We like to potentially have legislation that would support that new regulatory framework in Minnesota. So, more to come on that obviously.  In Texas I think we’re getting some traction it’s still little bit early days they haven’t even assigned - made committee assignments to the key committees that would drive legislation for us. But we haven’t seen any major road blocks at this point.
Ben Fowke: Let me take a stab at it. I mean first of all where there is a will there is a way. And I think as I’ve said there is really a will to let’s get to 2016 case out of the way and let’s focus on this longer term framework. So how we do that mechanically? Well, it starts with using the ALJ recommendations, getting our interim rate proposal adopted close to what we’ve proposed and then taking a look at our excess depreciation and maybe reshaping that a bit along with using some of our nuclear depreciation as well. So, there is a way Jonathan and it would be nice to free up the time so we could spend time on these other more longer term ideas that the community and we have.
Ben Fowke: Well, I think the first step in getting it done was a constructive ALJ settlement. So we've got something to work with now and then again if parties want to do it, I think we've got the pathway forward.
Ben Fowke: There's definitely an economic benefit to moving forward especially where gas prices are today, but we have to make sure that -- there'll be a lot of concerns. I mean this won't be an easy lift. But I think the economics are compelling enough that I would -- that I have optimism that ultimately we can get something done, but it's going to take time Jon.
Ben Fowke: One thing you'll note Ashar is that we have reduced our debt plan debt issuance over the five year time period. The other thing is obviously some [indiscernible] depreciation comes in NOL and push forward because you can only utilize so much of it per year. So it's had a modest improvement in our cash flow needs or our financing needs.
Teresa Madden: I mean just historically we've been writing about 100 basis points in terms of regulatory lag. And as we talked about is one of our properties is we intend to close that gap at 50 basis points. That's our target. Now if that's not evenly spread over the next year so we do intend to start to put that in place in 2015, so we are looking towards some improvements in that. It will -- the trajectory is again no ratable, but we'll move up. So it's smaller in the first year.
Teresa Madden: We're just being conservative in terms of our overall outlook in terms of 2015. As we've talked to you and this goes for gas too in previous quarters, early in the year we had some extreme weather and we were always concerned. We had a little bit weather wrapped up in our overall sales, so both in the electric and gas business, so we're just being conservative Ali and saying that it's not any significant item that's driving us to keep it at that level the 1%.
Teresa Madden: Well, maybe I will just add there in terms of the spend, why we have that peak just as a reminder Greg it’s the wind in Minnesota the two wind farms that will go in service. And so that is really the peak up. And then in terms of relative to going forward, that once rates would change, assuming they do, we should level off in terms of our relative increases. So we do have the initial peak. 
Teresa Madden: We've tempered back the 5 to 7 to be closer to around 5% rate base growth as we look forward, so it’s a little bit lower than the 5 to 7 in past years I talked about. 
Teresa Madden: I think it’s very moderate in terms of that, because those were our biggest drivers in terms of that cost recovery and having those mechanisms in place. We are definitely predicting sales growth but it’s not dependent in terms of earning our ROE on having an aggressive sales growth achievement. 
Teresa Madden: Maybe just to add to that I mean and just to clarify Ben outlined the framework but I think you mentioned that we had made a rider request, we haven’t specifically done that, so just to add to Ben’s comment in terms of the overall framework.
Teresa Madden: It's a combination, it's about 1.8 billion and it's [indiscernible] between the two years about 1.4 billion in '14 and about 400 million in '15 because we have some carry over.
Teresa Madden: Well we've factored into our overall guidance in terms of the effects of the bonus depreciation so we've taken that all into account. To the extent we have that, we also have some rate base offsets, so it's a combination, but we've factored that all into our 2015 guidance and our updates.
Teresa Madden: Well thank you for all participating in our earnings call this morning and please contact Paul Johnson and the IR team with any follow up questions. Thanks again.
