Benjamin Fowke: Okay, well, here is where we are, Julien. We have request for proposals out. We expect to get those proposals in and be in a position to make a recommendation to the commission in the first quarter of next year. We are hopeful for a favorable decision in the summer of 2018. As far as timing goes, I think a lot of that will depend upon the proposals themselves and what comes in and what makes sense. So you know you are probably starting so I mean could just ask the native for you probably in the 2021, 2022 timeframe, but how that would lay in, I think we got to see what is presented to us and then we have better handle on that.
Benjamin Fowke: Well, if you saw our Rebuttal testimony that we've filed in Texas, you see that - I think we've addressed the intervener concerns and you know are willing to do reasonable symmetrical cost gaps, reasonable performance guarantees, certainly if we get a decision when we want the decision, we can make sure that the PTs will be eligible for the PTCs, in this case a 100%. And I think we're - our revised idea for recovery is one that I think makes all the sense in the world that before they go into rate base but rather an operation, we'll enjoy the PTC and any market sales of the project that included benefit of our shareholders. So if you put all that together, then that would be the kind of return that we would need to be able to move forward.
Benjamin Fowke: Yeah, the short answer is yeah. This is 40% of the SPS rate base and we'd get better recovery of investments than we typically get now which as you know in historic test your mode even in New Mexico where there's a forward test year but to date the commission has found a way to throw those type those cases out.
Benjamin Fowke: Well, let's start with rate base, it would take rate base up to from 5.5% to about 6.3%. So that clearly gives and that is as the engine for EPS growth rate. So 6.3% is at the top end of the 5% to 6%.
Benjamin Fowke: I think there's a lot of variables that go into that Ali, I mean right now, we're comfortable with the DRIP program and again as I mentioned to - July on the prior call, I think it has to do with - we would have to look at the timing of when that those capital expenditures would take place.
Benjamin Fowke: I mean I think if we grow our earnings at where we think they are along with the projected dividend thing that's going to - it would take a long time for kick at the 70%. But stepping back Travis and I think you've heard me say this before, the modest payout ratio that we have I think gives as that dry powder and the event you start to see rates rise. We can do more to reward our shareholders by rethinking the pace of our dividend increases. I'm not saying we're going to do that, but it's kind of all part of our plan to make sure that we don't - we always have dry powder whether it's on the operational side, the financial side, dividend projections. so that we can continue to reward shareholders on a number of different scenarios.
Benjamin Fowke: Well, I tell you what when you look at what we're doing now with renewables and our Steel-for-Fuel and the price point that they're coming in at, those prices there's no way I would have ever thought it would be possible eight years ago. So I never short change what technology can do. Right now though Stephen, it is batteries and are relatively low-cost jurisdictions don't compete economically, there might be some opportunities in some areas deploy then, but I think it's important to recognize that they're going to continue to fall in price. You know will they ever be the new peaker? I think there's going to be system grid reliability limitations on how much of that could happen. And from a planning capacity, there are differences between a battery and something that is can be fired up 24/7 for days at a time. But you can see more batteries on our system, that's the bottom line and will be positioned to make sure that becomes increasingly more of a mainstream part of our portfolio, while at the technology move at the speed of the value. And in the meantime, we'll do things like we are doing which is pilot programs et cetera to really understand all the various economics, the grid capabilities and reliability, batteries bring to the table. So long winded answer to your question, we'll see what the resource plan brings to us and then we'll made the right economic decisions for our customers.
Benjamin Fowke: The short answer is yes. We could - I think when I made those comments that you referred to, it's really about how much great investment you do and while those great investments are credibly beneficial to our customers that does come with a price tag, so we want to be very mindful of that. But we have other capital we could bring forward or other opportunities that we could seek, I mean look at the deal - the Dakota Range budget as an example of that. So I have no doubt that we will need our rate base growth projections.
Benjamin Fowke: Yeah, I'm going to turn it over to David Eves again, but I think the success we've had with our multi-year plans on the electric case gives me a lot of optimism that we can do the same on the gas side. Particularly when you look at where that - what those investments are which is making sure that our gas system is reliable and safe.
Benjamin Fowke: Well, I can't speak for all of the Midwest utilities but speaking for itself, I think we've done a very good job of developing comprehensive plans that when we do talk about shutting down plants and for example in Minnesota, one and two units that we get the recovery associated with that shutdown. And in fact Angie if you look at what we're talking about in Colorado, we contemplate accelerating the depreciation of the Comanche one and two plants through a what's known as the reason mechanism, so that is taken care of and the cost of all of that and both of those plans still comes in at a price that's great for consumers. So we definitely look at that risk and we address it in the plans that we put forward to our stakeholders.
Benjamin Fowke: Well, I mean I think you'd have to see what sort of scenarios roll out, but I think one of the scenario that I think been pretty successful advocating for, I don't think we'd have the need to do that. You got to keep in mind Angie that this the way I look at these wind proposals as a deeply, deeply in the money hedge against gas prices. So there's room for these projects to get essential a little more expensive on the different tax reform scenarios and still bid deeply in the money. We have a great cost of capital and tax equity as you probably know is very, very expensive. So and of course under those scenarios, you mention it probably would get more expensive. So I think putting in rate base and delivering the kind of level cost of energy to our customers that we anticipate is the right path forward.
Benjamin Fowke: Yeah, well I think there's some variability in that based on the market sales, but the PTCs would be fairly compelling. And again I like a rider a forward rider, but we're also wanting to see these projects get done, they're great for our customers and the mechanism that we talked about while not our first choice is something we can live with and not see lag associate with those particular projects.
Benjamin Fowke: Yeah, Paul, we proposed two projects, one in New Mexico, one in Texas, but we run the system on an integrated basis and our approval process would look to go to both Texas and the Mexico for approvals for both projects.
Benjamin Fowke: Yeah, I mean I guess we'll cross that bridge when we come to it but the ideal you get approval from both as Bob's point, we run the system on an integrated basis. But there have been times where we have allocated a project specifically to a jurisdiction. It can be done, it's not ideal but it can be done.
Robert Frenzel: Hey, Ali. It's Bob. You know look, when we look at a regulated ROEs and where we've been on objective is to close ROE gap. I think we've done a reasonable amount of progress in that regard. But as the headline allowed to come down slightly, I think where we are year-to-date where we expect to be for the forecast period is somewhere in that high eights range of earned ROEs in the regulated operating companies.
Robert Frenzel: I wouldn't read too much into that it's more of a function, we had a pretty solid Q3 last year and so relative comparison in Q3 over Q3 looks a little bit down. Through the full year, we're still slightly up and within our guidance range. And if you look at the trend over a multi-year period, we're still very much in line with our expectations. So Q3 of 2016 was probably a stronger quarter and the relative comparison is down.
Robert Frenzel: Keep in mind the base case does not include the Colorado energy plan which is $1.5 billion, so that could very easily move into base which would potentially offset any departures of other capital.
Robert Frenzel: Yeah, Jon, it's Bob. I don't think we made any direct consideration on tax reform with respect to turning on the DRIP. If you remember the share repurchase program was initiated when the capital environment was you know 4ish billion dollars less than it is today. So with consideration for credit and everything else, I think we wanted to make sure that we had a very conservative plan that maintained our credit rating and a modest amount of DRIP equity annually was enough in our opinion to maintain that profile. When you ask about when do you turn it back off, I think it just depends on what the future capital profile and opportunities for investment for the company. We see a long runway for capital investment at this rate and so at this point, we would consider keeping it on including…
Robert Frenzel: Yeah, I think as Ben mentioned earlier on the call, we think that even with the Colorado Energy Plan we think DRIP would be sufficient equity for our financing plan for the five-year period.
Robert Frenzel: No, because DRIP is - I mean DRIP is, when we say DRIP, we're talking about dividend reinvestment plan, so that's going to be what it is and our benefit plan as well and so it's not really. I mean it's that $75 million, $80 million kind of equity issuance every year.
Robert Frenzel: I think it's - first of all Jonathan, you were very quick to summarize that Rebuttal testimony. SoI enjoyed your report. But I think it's - I mean I think it's very responsive to the concerns while still recognizing that we need to have better recovery for this level of investment particularly when you look at the compelling customer benefits to come along with it.
Robert Frenzel: No. it has to do with getting it in service in time to make sure it qualifies for the 100% PTC eligibility. Now, we do ask in a testimony as you know that our willingness to do that is based upon a commission decision I believe in March of 2018, which would allow the time we need to actually get it constructed.
Robert Frenzel: Hey, Paul. It's Bob. Our expectation is that when depends a lot on the timing of the proposal that we receive in the recommendations we make to the committee, but I think our proposal would be that we would keep the Colorado Energy Plan as incremental to our base capital plan. And we look at any changes year-over-year that might be necessary, but the bottom line is assuming it comes in and when we think it would which is 2020, 2021, 2022 that we'd be able to manage that capital profile.
Robert Frenzel: So Paul, you are asking in the $19 billion, what's included in the base is the assumption that our proposals that SPS go through, so that's in the base, but as we mention what's not in the base is the Colorado Energy Plan.
Robert Frenzel: Thanks everyone for participating in our earnings call this morning. Please contact our Investor Relations team with any follow-up questions. We look forward to seeing in Orlando.
David Eves: Yeah. The electric rate case that we filed four your plan through 2021 doesn't include any projections or cost recovery for the Colorado energy plan. Those would be recovered under the recovery mechanisms we proposed in a plan like through the ECA.
David Eves: You know Travis, we haven't changed our guidance on either dividend growth or dividend payout expectations with regard to the base case forecast or with regard to the Colorado energy plan.
David Eves: Christopher, this is David. The commissioners when they referred this to an administrative law judge made it pretty clear that they wanted a policy and full consideration of future test years in a multi-year plan. We're disappointed that the staff even though OCC addressed it somewhat the staff really sidestep the issue and did not address the future test years in the multi-year plan. We still think we have a really good case and we'll address that in our rebuttal coming on November 3rd.
David Eves: Yeah, I think we're confident. I think we have - we feel like we have a really strong case and you'll see that with our rebuttal. It's also the gas revenue requirement is really a capital driven. We're investing very significantly and the basic system but also in all the integrity work and part of this plan is to replace the PSIA with for a test year multi-year plan. So I think it's set up well.
