Teresa Madden: Well, we started the year in terms of an overall looking across the board in terms of where we could eliminate what we would called discretionary items, and so that could be some consulting costs. We eliminated our wage increase, which we have reinstated. But generally they were just across the board, where we looked for opportunities to lower our overall costs.
Teresa Madden: Well, Kit, the CapEx, if we look at the five-year period, even though it’s slightly different, in terms of 12 to 16 or 13 to 17 it’s still just over a $13 billion. But two important things, in terms of removing CSAPR, we had a higher front end. We’ve added some infrastructure costs in PSCo, in terms of the gas replacement program. The removing of the CSAPR project had some regulatory lag with it and whereas, if we are assuming relative to the gas infrastructure, we do have a rider in place, or through this rate based recovery that will help us work towards having a lower equity requirement.
Teresa Madden: It really is, yeah, because over the period, the spend is pretty much the same in terms of just over $13 billion.
Teresa Madden: Well, we don’t need equity in 2012. We believe in 2013 or 2014, we could have the need for equity, but it’s going to depend on a lot of things that we consider. Overall market decisions, the ultimate timing of spend, credit metrics, we’ll take that all into consideration.
Teresa Madden: Well, we’re still assuming that we would have our drip and benefit programs in place at the same level, which has been around $80 million a year. And then we put the range in to provide for some flexibility as I was just indicating. But it could be 2013, it could be 2014. And as we move forward, we’ll just consider all the circumstances and it could be either of the years. And that’s why we indicated a range this year.
Teresa Madden: Generally, 1% load can range from margins at $20 million to $30 million. It just depends on which jurisdiction it’s in because we earn differently. And so that’s what causes the range between $20 million to $30 million.
Teresa Madden: It varies by the jurisdictions. In North Dakota, we would expect interim rates early. Texas would be in the latter part of next year. New Mexico would be potentially about the same. Colorado gas that’s right…
Teresa Madden: Thank you all for participating in our third quarter earnings call this morning. We look forward to meeting with you at EEI Financial Conference in a few weeks. Until then Paul Johnson and the IR team are available to take your call.
Ben Fowke: I think the good news, Kit, is we’re going need a lot less equity and that gives us a lot more flexibility going forward.
Ben Fowke: No. I think what we said before and how we reward investors between the dividend and EPS growth still holds true, Kit. I mean, we still have a lot of rate based growth obviously in the next couple of years. And just like our equity needs, we’ve got a lot of flexibility and what we can do with the dividend. I mean, we’ve got, I think, a pretty modest payout ratio compared to our peers. So it’s an arrow in the proverbial quiver, if you will.
Ben Fowke: Well, I think it’s a function of the reduction in overall CapEx spend. That’s about $200 million. And then improvement in the cash flows that Teresa mentioned is the other half of that basically. And that’s just, that’s a function of when we put the spend in and for CSAPR and remember, that was front end loaded. That’s another factor that helps us reduce the equity needs that we have a smoother spend. When we put that in, we did not have the regulatory recovery mechanism established.  Now, we were obviously going seek that and we’ll continue to seek that going forward, if we do have to make environmental spend. But at this point, we didn’t have it. We had regulatory lag, contrast that with our infrastructure spend in Colorado, where we do have a rider and which eliminates lag. So, that’s the delta that Teresa and we’re referring to.
Ben Fowke: I don’t think, so we’re obviously have our CapX2020 programs, which are lined out that in program and then the other major CapX programs would be at SPS and some in Colorado. But these are all projects that we’ve been discussing.
Ben Fowke: Well, I think the gas spend as we talked about should be under a rider. The electric spend, which assumed in a multiyear plan. And -- but most of it is going to be picked up in general rate cases. And obviously, we’re trying to go to multiyear and some other things to cover that. But it’s really a reflection by the way of just aging infrastructure. And we’ve done a really good job with reliability for our customers. And we want to continue to keep that high standard in existence and it takes investment. And I think our commissions will see that.
Ben Fowke: We’ve got both. And we have TUCO, Moreland project, the Hitchland-Woodward project in Texas. We’ve got the step projects in Texas. And PSCo some of the SP 100 are relatively small to the end of the five-year timeframe. A number of smaller projects, we have some things going on in Wisconsin as well, so…
Ben Fowke: No. But they’re not -- I mean a lot of those projects are covered through. The major projects that we refer to in the table the majority of those are covered by riders.
Ben Fowke: I mean we shared this, our plan with rating agencies. And so everybody -- we’re very transparent about what the metrics look like with both investors and the credit agencies.
Ben Fowke: Your first and second question kind of have the same answer for both. I think we continue to see some pretty robust rate based growth over the next couple years. You get into that ‘14 time frame and beyond, perhaps it modulates a bit. There is a number of factors that will affect how much it modulates. But overall, we’re very confident that the total shareholder return of 10% can be met, whether it’s a little less on EPS growth and a little more on dividend that mix ultimately remains to be seen, based upon a number of variables. But we’ve got a lot of levers I think to use to continue to reward our shareholders.
Ben Fowke: It’s not really a formula rate. But -- that the progress on a multiyear plan has gone a bit slower in Minnesota than we originally thought. There’s a docket that’s been opened and it will be very much addressed in ‘13. But we need to file a rate case now. So we filed a rate case. We’ll continue to work with parties to develop a plan that might make sense. And part of that will be economic development, frankly and address things like how we help be part of the solution to get sales back on track in the state. I think that’s an important thing we can do and we have done. We already have examples of that, by the way that have played very well with our stakeholders. So having regulatory certainty, having our plans understood by our stakeholders, those ultimate lead to multiyear plans, but in the meantime we’ll file a rate case. Last time we did it, we did the same way. We got a step increase for the off years. So there’s a lot of different ways that we can ensure that we have appropriate regulatory recovery. And I’m actually pretty excited about the ways we can help improve sales growth and encourage growth in the state. You’ll see that in rate design, I’m sorry you’ll see that in rate designs some other things that will offer.
