Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, it's really, we're -- this is Ben, Julien. We are focused in our footprint. As you know, we're on the periphery of the Dakotas in the Bakken, and we're well on the oil patch in New Mexico and Texas and, of course, there's the DJ in Colorado. So all of those have infrastructure needs. We're focused on the gas side, we're focused on the ability to work our existing assets, harder than we work them today and being more of a regional player. And as I said on the call, it's early days. So really what I've asked my team to do is just explore those possibilities, be more proactive, try to leverage our buying power. We buy about $1.2 billion to $1.5 billion of natural gas every year. So I think there's opportunities there, and we're going to look for them. None of that's in our forecast, as Teresa mentioned.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I think they're wrapped around, moving to a longer multi-year compact, recognizing that the peak for our investment cycle is in 2015 and then it starts to -- the need for a rate release starts to levelize off. So the longer the rate pact -- compact, the more we can implement rate mitigation tools that would smooth that impact. So -- I mean that would be the focus along with discussing longer term with the commission, the overall policy goals that the state has, particularly on environmental side along with some opportunities that we have we believe that you could be more creative and drive value both for customers and reduce rates and also value for the shareholders. So -- and as you might know, Julien, there is work groups, the E21 work team for example, in Minnesota that are looking at the same thing. We've got these goals in the future, and our utility, Xcel Energy, needs to play a big part of that, and, of course, alternative regulation then is a natural byproduct of that.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I mean, I think -- I mean the last thing you want to do is throw a party and nobody comes, right? So we're seeing an increase in sales, but, I mean, the fact of the matter is, if you look at plans for solar and other aspects of our business, you want to be careful about adding anymore generation to your system and we're just saying that needs to be pushed out, and we need to be thoughtful about it. And we're in good shape today. And so -- so Black Dog is still on the table as are the other programs, but increasingly it looks like it's further out in the future.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: No. No real surprises. And of course, everybody, including us, is waiting for the final EPA rules to come out too, so there is a lot of things that are swirling around, and I think time is on our side to get clarity on those things.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Ali, I would just -- I think Teresa captured it, I mean I think you have to focus on year-to-date and year-to-date is ahead of our expectations. We're also seeing what we believe is household formation in both Minnesota and Colorado, and we saw customer growth of just under 1%. So I mean that's a really good trend in our minds. So again, I think, we're in good shape with sales. I mean, sales -- it's a different world, obviously, than where we would have been a decade ago, but good customer growth, good economies, diversified economies that all bodes well for the future, I believe.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, we don't really comment on M&A and what I would tell you is that things are pretty pricy out there. So I think it's -- the team is going to focus on what I would call taking our organic presence, what we have, our growth, our customer needs and trying to make sure that we work those opportunities harder. And so, you're looking at pipelines, you're looking at storage, you're looking at what's happening in our region as coal plants retire and get closed and gas plants get built. Those are the kinds of opportunities that, I think, will drive value for us, Ali. And again, we're going to be very disciplined about it. I mean, we've got $14.5 billion of identified opportunities, so we can be pretty picky.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I think, we've narrowed the gap and, as Teresa mentioned, it's just in a few areas now that we've got differences in labor and pension and sales.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I mean I think it's important to recognize that while we have a sales difference that we've got a true-up mechanism, so it's pretty neutral.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean, I think the testimony has all been filed. So I think the opportunities to reopen that are pretty limited, and I'm looking at my regulatory team, they're nodding their heads, yes. That is true.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: There's an election? There's an election happening next week? [indiscernible] In all seriousness, we've got some pretty tight elections, the race for governor in Colorado is pretty tight. If the Republican candidate wins, probably we could anticipate some changes to the commission. Nothing near term. The other thing that we will look for in Colorado is, it's possible that the Senate, which is now Democratic might go Republican. And if that happens, of course, you just -- any legislation that comes out would be more bi partisan. In Minnesota, I don't think it's too much of an election as far the governor's races goes, but it is possible that the House could go Republican, and again that would impact any kind of legislation that comes out again it will be more bi partisan in nature. Clearly, there's some big Senate races, particularly in Colorado. But by and large, I don't think you would see any immediate impacts. As you know, we -- I think we have got a great track record of working with both sides of the isle.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yes. And so you have a Republican in Vod [ph] and then you have 2 Democrats. And I don't -- Dave or Scott, I don't think either of them are up for election and Vod, potentially has some confirmation issues but that would be about it.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I think, we're a little bit more early days on those sorts of things. We are interested in any structure that could be a win for customers and shareholders, but our focus right now is primarily on getting those transcos formed and making sure that we obtain rights to build the transmission that, that's in our region, either through the opco structure or transco structure. Where it goes from there is way early for us.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Let me take the -- that second question. I will let Teresa address the first. I mean, the -- it's going to be more. It's not going to be next year. It takes time for these things to get traction. But you get the traction by having multi-year plans in place and we want to have all of our major jurisdictions with multi-year compacts in place and then disciplined cost control. And if you put those 2 together, and I think, we've got both of those in motion, then you're going to reduce regulatory lags significantly, and that's really what the plan is.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean, I -- the objective is a long-term objective. So you can always have some lumpiness. And we recognize we have financial flexibility, Greg. But I really think when you do your modeling, you ought to just stick with what we're telling you and it's 4% to 6%.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yes. I mean, I think, that said, we've been working an environmental plan with our states. Clean Air, Clean Jobs is a great example of that. So we'd have been kind of planning for these regulations in our CapEx. Fundamental CapEx reflects the fact that we're moving to a more carbon-light world. In fact, as you know, we have reduced carbon from an '05 baseline by 30%, by 2020.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: So you can do the math on that. As far as what we would want to see, I mean, that's too early to tell. I mean, I think if you can smooth volatility, if you can lock in good pricing, if the commission get comfortable with the approach, we'll do as much as they would like to see us do, and we'll do as little as they want to see us to do as well. But I think, it's -- I think the pricing and timing is pretty opportunistic right now. So we want to definitely have those conversations.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I would. Teresa, help me out here. But there's 2 key drivers to why we are filing the rate case. It's the capital recovery of the Clean Air Clean Jobs Act and there's property taxes. So those are -- and part of that is, I think, a reversal of some things we've been deferring under the multi-year plan that we're under. So those are the 2 drivers, Michael. And if we can get those -- that recovery, then I think we can be positioned to do a settlement.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Along with just increased rate base and the associated taxes that go with that. So you get a -- it's a twofold-type thing.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean, as Teresa said it's 75 to 80 basis points. And -- so that's certainly is going to -- all things equal, would move us up, if you combine that with the rate base.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yes. I mean, I -- well, first of all, the goal would be to continue the multi-year approach in Colorado. Then in Minnesota, to work with the commission to go into a longer-term plan. We do believe we have some flexibility to go longer. And the legislative side of that, that I mentioned would be to provide the commission some additional support and guidance, and also take that broader approach to where the state wants to head as far as its own energy policy, so that -- does that give you some...
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I think you could introduce it as part of the -- when the commission hears this current case. So it's not directly related, but it can be correlated, if you will.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I mean, as we -- look, we do everything we can to. We, obviously, want to be at the top of that range. And everything goes right. Of course, you can always be outside of it. But, as we all know, you always get thrown curve balls, too. So -- and we still have a little bit of dilution to our direct plans. That's pretty minor these days, but it's still there. So solid execution of all of these things we talked about, including the incremental caps spend and that would be icing on the cake. It would be certainly positive for our growth rate.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Sure. Well, let's look at why we've had regulatory lag. I think that's probably a good place to start, and we've had a lot of capital spend as you know. And most of that spend has not been recovered through a multi-year compact. So that puts natural pressure on you. There has been a recession, sales have been flat, that's put pressure on you. We've had higher pension expenses as we worked off those market losses. And from an accounting perspective, that puts pressure on you. And so all of that has created lag. And then you look forward and you realize we have a multi-year compact in Colorado, we're hoping to renew that, we want to enter into a similar type of arrangement in Minnesota. You combine that with the fact that post '15, while we still have a good pipeline of opportunities, the acceleration smooths out, so the capital spend and associated recovery smooths out a bit. Our own internal efforts to manage cost and still achieve the reliability and safety goals we have through standardization, they are starting to take hold. So you combine what's happened in the past and then you look towards the future, when it looks like sales are rebounding as well. So you put all those factors together, and I think that puts us in pretty good shape. Perhaps not right away but within fairly short order to start closing that gap.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I really -- I'd love to give you a timeframe, but I would -- I don't have that because it's -- again, we are in early days. So as the opportunities arise and as the math pans out then we'll talk about it.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, it could be -- I'm sorry to cut you. It could be a FERC rate base. But we're not interested in merchant type.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yes. As you know the Integrated Transmission Plan 10 came out. It was about -- I think it was 40-odd projects about, roughly estimated $450 million. The next step will be the near-term plans that come out. And then what we anticipate, as Teresa mentioned, probably later in '15 is another Integrated Transmission plan 10-year look, which would incorporate some of the considerations under the 111(d) rules. I think that's what the timeframe is.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I would say we'd probably -- it would have to go through a lot of the timing expectations and everything else, but...
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, we are going to do everything to be on the top end, but, I mean, I think, Teresa said it, and I mean, we're keeping with the 4% to 6% growth from both the dividend and EPS.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yes, I mean, we're definitely working close with our -- all of our stakeholders in all of our key states and our goal -- and our senators and our governors are very much on board with this is that-- as was mentioned in the preamble 111(d) Xcel Energy's model utility on how things get done, achieving environmental objectives and keeping costs affordable for consumers, but we are disappointed that we're not getting the credit we believe we deserve for the early action that we have taken. So [indiscernible] But we are disciplined that we're not getting the credit we believe we deserve for the early action that we've taken. So there is lobbying on their end, we are lobbying through the industry groups, we are doing out reach ourselves with the EPA, and we are going to work as hard as we can to get the final rules shaped in a way that I think is more equitable to those companies and those states that have been out front and moving towards where the EPA wants to take us. So very much engaged all the way down the line.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yes. I mean, I think you really got to wait for the final rules. As you know, the EPA came out with, what is it, a notice of data availability yesterday or the day before. That suggest -- that maybe there's some of the interim targets the 2020 targets maybe there's a glide path there, maybe there's some flexibility on the base [indiscernible]. But not much more clarity than that.
Teresa S. Madden: Yes, sure. Ali, we generally are running at a 75 to 100 basis points in terms of the GAAP, and as you know that it varies by company. If we would achieve or assuming when we ultimately, because it is our target to achieve the 50 basis points, it could improve our earnings growth by about 75 to 80 basis points.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, Ali, why don't I start and then Ben can jump in. I mean, early, if we focus first on '14, and we talked about this before early in the year, we had extreme cold weather, and we're concerned that early on in our weather-normalized growth that we potentially have still a little weather trapped in there. We all know that, that process of estimating is not perfect. If we look at this quarter in terms of the electric residential, it looks like we have declines in 3 of our 4 systems. If we go to last year, we had very hot weather when we picked up the $0.05, and we think potentially in that period we had some weather potentially trapped in our weather-normalized growth. So when we look at them period-over-period, we think that's partly driving those declines in the quarter. So long and the short of it, we're seeing some weather variations that we think could be causing this, but if we turn to our electric and commercial and industrial growth, we see that still as very solid across our system. And it's different reasons for each system.
Teresa S. Madden: Paul, at this point, I think it's just early on. We are just starting to investigate and pursue these. So I think it would be premature for us to give a number at this point, but we clearly do think there is opportunity.
Teresa S. Madden: That's right. I mean, we would agree that REIT structure is complex and the first step is getting the transcos up, off the ground.
Teresa S. Madden: That's been a while since we talked about the 10%, we just -- we, overall, think, we provide an attractive return to our shareholders. But it's been a while since we've been, probably about 18 months or even past on that about...
Teresa S. Madden: In terms of just variations in the near term, we have increased our estimates in terms of electric and distribution, investment spend, and some of that is really been driven by higher levels of new customer growth. So those are the primary variations.
Teresa S. Madden: [indiscernible] I think it'd be better to say, it's not just the Minnesota because Colorado we also have a pending case that's relatively large there. So between the 2 of them, that's creating the range. So I think we would just prefer to leave it at that for right now.
Teresa S. Madden: We don't have -- I mean, in the left -- in the end of the period, we do have some dollars, but not for investment spend depending on how those rules come out.
Teresa S. Madden: Right. I mean, Michael, when you think about the timing of the infrastructure build in Colorado, I mean, it's in the process of being completed, and it has to be done by 2017, so it's going in service. So therefore, we need the rate increase up to this point. We've have had AFUDC offsets, so that's causing the driver, and just as Ben indicated, along with property taxes.
Teresa S. Madden: Well it's exactly what Ben was talking about in the -- 2012 through '14 settlements in Colorado. We had a mechanism where we deferred and then we were starting to amortize. But it's every year -- we start an amortization just 3 years, so the numbers have grown, and we're seeing a peak in that. So that, again, is driving that -- one of the drivers of that rate increase.
Teresa S. Madden: What's in rates right now is we are collecting at the interim rate level, it's actually $127 million. So, I mean, we've gone through and assessed where we think we are at on the various issues and basically -- and set up some reserves related to that. But it's still early because we are not done with the case.
Teresa S. Madden: I mean, I would say, it keeps us within the range. I don't think there's necessarily offsets that you're suggesting.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, the RFPs and STP are, I mean, they are going to issue them early next year. So we are anticipating a 90-day bid process. And then those who choose to participate they will be evaluated by the STP at that time. So mid to later next year.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, Ashar, I would say our rate base growth-- I mean, it is moderating because we're coming through some major spend. I mean, our nuclear spend is essentially completed. So we're expecting it to moderate back, so you're seeing some of that -- of the past rate base growth. But as we look forward, we talked about what we would anticipate going forward, which would align with our earnings growth that we're talking about.
Teresa S. Madden: I mean, Andy, we have a range and we are within the range, and we're confident we'll achieve within the range.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, maybe. I mean, if we start, I wouldn't start with that 10%. I would start with -- the regulated utilities are earning more around 9% at that level. So I think that would change your math, just your starting point, which would follow -- would fall out from that.
Teresa S. Madden: We would be close, assuming whatever our authorized are -- we are holding our authorized at the same level right now.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, thank you, all, for participating in our earnings call this morning, and please contact Paul Johnson and the IR team, with any follow-up questions.
