Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Okay. Well, I mean, obviously, we updated our capital forecast which is what we did rolling forward one year. And I think, Julien, when you look at it, I mean it's strong in its own merits, and reflects significant rate base growth of 6.2%. We also have clarity with our steel for fuel programs now. They're behind us and approved. And as I said in my prepared remarks, if you look at our history, Julien, those outer years always get filled in. And I think if you go back, for example like to 2014 and look what we were forecasting in that 2017 to 2019 period of time, we were looking to about $2.8 billion average annual on those three years periods. And in fact, we are spending more like $4 billion. So, I'm quite confident we're going to find incremental opportunities in the forecast period. And then when you look beyond that, just as importantly, we're not done with the clean energy transition. We still have 4.4 gigawatts of coal on our system. I'm really excited, Julien, about customer-driven programs, like I mentioned, Renewable Connect. We're just now starting to develop more customized programs to allow customers to have EVs and other customized products. I think it's going to open up a whole new world for us. And of course, we are behind probably some of our peers in some of our grid monetization efforts. And so, I think we've got a great transparent opportunity to have investments going forward.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Julien, it's really just the nuances of developing the capital forecast. It's nothing, no one project or one decision point, it's just really the fact that as we update the timing of when CapEx goes into service, deferred tax assets, things like that, there is just going to be some natural movement in timing, Julien, basically, there isn't a project dropping out.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean, Texas is not one of our biggest jurisdictions, but we don't – it's one of the few places where I understand we still have manual meter reading. So I think there's tremendous opportunities to update the grid there. As you know, Julien, the bigger opportunities in SPS are keeping up with the incredible expansion of infrastructure required to drive oil and gas opportunities in the Permian Basin. And as you can see in the sales and some other commentaries we've made, that part of the country is really growing quickly.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: No. I mean, I think, if you look at a rising interest rate as we file rate cases, I am the first one to tell you that ROEs were sticky going down as interest rates fell, and I think they'll be sticky going up. But the fact of the matter is, and this is an issue we use every opportunity we can to talk to our commissions, we have below national average ROEs. So, I think we're going to be a little less sticky going up than perhaps others that have enjoyed better ROEs today. So, I think ROEs will improve. I think our base capital expenditures give us -solidly put us, as I said in my remarks, at the middle of that range, a little improvement in ROE of any additional CapEx and we're going to be even better than that, so we're really excited about this plan.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Ali, I think that's a great question. It's something that we're always looking at and what I'm pleased to tell you is that while rate base is growing at 6-plus-percent in this timeframe and I think it will continue to grow at those kinds of rates going forward, the key is not to have that translate for the need for a corresponding rate increases to our customers. So if you look at our cost where we've been since 2013 on a total bill basis, our bills have actually fallen, that's lower commodity prices, that's the beginning days of steel for fuel, that's energy efficiency, and our own cost initiatives to keep rates low. If we look at the forecast time period, we don't think rates will go up any more than 1% to 2% on that timeframe. So that creates that headroom potentially for additional investments that I think are closely aligned with customer wants and expectation. So it's a really important thing, you've got to keep your eye on the ball. I don't think you can ask for more than CPI-type rate increases with and have success. And that's the beauty of steel for fuel and turning fuel into investment opportunities and et cetera. I mean, it allows us to grow, give you something to get excited about and give our customers what they want without a price increase.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I really think it depends on what you're investing in. I mean, I think we have tremendous opportunities to continue to invest in our distribution grid, our gas infrastructure. And those are just conversations we're going to have with regulators, because there is as many opportunities as they want us to do.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: So I can't really quantify it for you, Ali, but I mean, to the extent you can hold O&M flat, to the extent you can help customers be more energy efficient, to the extent you can do things like steel for fuel that save customers money, I think that creates the headroom to give us more runway than I would venture to say most of my peer companies have.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean, when we look back where we started this journey, I mean, we were dominated by coal, as you know. And again, we'll get there -we should have the energy mix, Greg, but when we get all the steel for fuel and win that we're talking about here by 2022, renewables is 50% of our energy mix, so coal has got to be – and gas, I think, somewhere around in the mid-20s. So it's falling. Then you look out to 2030, that's when we have still 4.4 gigs left after the coal retirements Bob mentioned, and I think the percentage then is somewhere in the 20%, isn't it? And more to come after that.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah, the key is to do it in a way that doesn't sacrifice your reliability and affordability and that's what I'm very proud of.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I think what takes you down is probably poor regulatory outcomes and declining sales and things like that that would create essentially more regulatory lag as you would have to file rate cases sooner. We don't anticipate that. In fact, I mean, I think we have pretty conservative sales assumptions for 2019. But you asked, so those are the things that we'd have to look at.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I think there's earnings opportunities, and obviously, I think it enhances our reputation with our customers, which is always important. But yeah, no I think there's, I think there are definitively and definitely earning opportunities in the things we're talking about.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, Paul, it's a – I mean, it's a great question, but I think you're talking about the Moody's recent credit action.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Right. My understanding – I'll turn this call or question over to Bob pretty quickly is that, the action there was the downgrade SPS. And I think that's the result of some of the regulatory actions that they took, and then the other one was to put the holding company on negative watch. I don't think they made any action in Colorado.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: So, Paul, I think you're also asking if we're making those recommendations, as Bob mentioned. But I think you're asking would we change our equity plans? The answer is the equity plans are what we share with the rating agencies and we don't anticipate changing those. What we hope is that our commissions follow our guidance, so that the credit ratings would be preserved.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. Andy, this is Ben, and just stepping back, that's not going to be, that's not the determinant factor in the ratings. I mean, they're looking at some of the actions that the utilities have taken and we mentioned New Mexico, we're keeping an eye on Colorado. In fact, I think Moody's is impressed with how we've run our holding company and they like the fact that unlike a holding company on top of a single operating company, we had four distinct operating companies operating in eight different states, I think with 21 different jurisdictions. They like the fact that we're purely regulated. They like the fact that we had economic customer regulatory diversity. So the holding company is a strength, not a weakness. And I think that's just important for our investors to understand.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, Andy, the way to look at this is, we run the – when we generate PTCs, they flow back to the customer and the reduction in tax expense. To the extent that we don't fully utilize all those PTCs, there would be a cash flow impact and they would result on being added to the balance sheet and we earn a return on that.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: The real issue with the rating agencies is the fact that tax reform, when it was implemented, caused our FFO to debt go down by about 300 basis points. That's really what drove the change in the outlook, which is why we went to our commissions and generally said the best way to mitigate that is through higher equity ratios. And we've had some success and some things that we're still working on, and that's where we are.
Robert C. Frenzel: Hey, Julien, it's Bob. Just one more add there. On our base capital plan, we expect – as Ben indicated in his comments, that we expect that to drive earnings growth at or above the midpoint. And the incremental opportunities that Ben mentions would lead you to further growth rate in the range.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah. Jonathan, I think that what we said was, when we got the Colorado Energy Plan approved, we would likely need approximately $300 million of equity associated with that. So as we've rolled the Colorado Energy Plan into the capital forecast, we've also rolled that $300 million into the equity forecast. That equity is going to be timed more commensurate with the spend on the CEP, which is sort of 2021 timeframe.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah. Look, I think as we think about $4 billion worth of capital spend that was planned in 2018, some of that capital might just get shifted into 2019, particularly as we do developments on our larger wind farm projects, some of that stuff is shifting across year end.
Robert C. Frenzel: Well, I think if you look at our historic track record, we always – I think first of all, we put out a very conservative transparent forecast. So there's not a lot of, well, we're going to find something, so let's put it in the forecast. And if you look at our historic track record, the outer years always turn out to have a heavier capital spend than what we originally forecasted going into those years.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah. Hey, Ali. It's Bob. Look, I think that to achieve the high-end of the earnings guidance range, you could see either driving the midpoint to a higher end would either be higher earned ROEs or incremental investment opportunities in our operating companies, and I think either are possible.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah, I think that's probably true. When we initiated or closed the ROE GAAP, we had about 90 basis points of lag. We've narrowed that to closer to 50 basis points of lag. And we think there's still upside opportunity to close that further.
Robert C. Frenzel: If we think about the forecast period being 2023, we really haven't gotten into the meat of the shutdown of the Sherco units 1 and 2 and Comanche units 1 and 2. By the time we shut those units down by the mid-2020s, we'll have about 4,400 megawatts of coal left on our system. And yeah, so I think that our declining coal percentage will continue both in terms of generation as well as capacity. And as we think about it as a percentage of rate base, our coal investment will be less than 5% of our rate base by that point too.
Robert C. Frenzel: No, hey, Chris, it's Bob. We find that the capital markets have been very receptive to our offerings and our larger strategic story. And to the extent that they remain open, we certainly think we can access the markets, both the fixed income and the equity markets at rates that are appropriate to finance this plan. And if this plan were, as Ben indicated to, have additional investment opportunities, my belief is that capital finds good project and if we've got good projects, we will be able to raise the money.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah, Paul. This is Bob. In all of our jurisdictions, we interacted with the Staff and the Commissions around the importance of their decisions in preserving the credit ratings in our operating companies, in Colorado, in particular, we filed for what we thought was the appropriate capital structure for public service at Colorado, which was the 56% equity ratio in both the gas and the electric companies. And we stand by that recommendation as appropriate for preserving the credit quality in those companies. We've had a lot of conversations across the year about the importance of their decisions in preserving credit quality. I mean, at the end of the day, the Commissions decide capital structure, they decide ROEs, they decide regulatory mechanisms for capital recovery. And so, it's very important that they recognize that, as we do, that the credit quality is important and we felt like the equity structure in Colorado that we recommended is still appropriate based on our tax reform views or post tax reform outcomes.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah. Hey, Paul, it's Bob. Good morning. We share our forecasts with Moody's and S&P and Fitch, and I think that their forecasts are consistent with ours on an adjusted basis and they make certain credit adjustments for pensions or for other fixed capacity payments we make for power plants and PPAs and things like that to our underlying FFO to debt metrics. I think they also recognize that we have a very diversified holding company that spans eight states in multiple regulatory jurisdictions and they cited the benefit of that diversity in their ratings outcomes. And so we work with Moody's very closely on all of their calculations and their outcomes.
Robert C. Frenzel: Look, we've shared with them, their forecasts they put us on negative watch and they're going to continue to have conversations with us. I don't think there is a triggering action at this point for them. And so we're going to sit and watch and work with them and talk about what we think is a very solid, financial profile of our holding company.
Robert C. Frenzel: Paul, in the earnings release, we gave a base for the growth rate at $2.43, which represents the midpoint of our original guidance range of $2.37 to $2.47. We can always revisit that once actuals of 2018 are known, but that's the basis today.
Robert C. Frenzel: Hey, Andy, it's Bob. And good morning, and obviously, thanks for the continued support. We give Moody's our forecast, and I think their ratings and their calculations are based on that and it includes the impacts of the negative ETR that you mentioned. So I think they'll continue to watch the holding company, as they've put us on watch, and we'll keep working with them espousing why we think it's a solid credit there.
Robert C. Frenzel: Thanks, everyone for participating in our earnings call this morning and continued support of the company. Please contact the Investor Relations teams with any follow-up questions.
Andrew Stuart Levi: Just back – and I discussed this with Paul the other day. So, I think I understand it. But I think there were some questions with the two other Paul's, Paul P. and Paul F. Just as you look at the cash flows, I didn't really see it in the handout, but, I guess, as the wind comes on, you get into a negative tax rate situation, I think in like 2021 or something like that. And so that also will affect the cash flows as well. And I don't know if that's what Moody's is focused on as well, but don't you – isn't there like a $200 million or $300 million change in operating cash flow, because you get into a negative tax rate, but you still have to pay the PTCs. Am I correct on that, and can you just kind of talk about that? And I guess, the bottom line of the conversation I had last week was, your parent rating is so high, if it gets knocked down a notch, it doesn't really matter.
Andrew Stuart Levi: Okay. I definitely do understand that. But just to make sure that I got it right last week, there is a reduction in the operating cash flow because of the way your tax rate becomes negative because of the PTC (46:38).
Andrew Stuart Levi: Right. And it was also baked into kind of what you showed the rating agencies, there really should be an issue...
