Ben Fowke: Thanks, Paul and good morning. Today, we reported second quarter earnings of $0.38 per share compared with $0.33 per share in 2011. New electric rates in Colorado, combined with warmer than normal June weather across our service territory and continued strong expense control, led to our solid second quarter results. As a result, we remain on track to deliver 2012 earnings in the lower half of our earnings guidance range of $1.75 to $1.85 per share. Teresa will discuss our quarterly results and earnings guidance in greater detail in a few moments. I will now provide you a few recent developments, starting with an operational update. I am pleased to report that our operating systems performed very well throughout the recent period of hot weather across our service territory. Record temperatures drove new peak demands in several states with only minimal service interruptions. In addition to the record heat, numerous severe storms occurred in our northern service territory. Excellent response, planning and performance during system outage events minimized customer impacts and our crew has performed their work safely under difficult conditions. In addition to reliability, our efforts to provide value to our customers are also reflected in two recently proposed transactions. This summer, we agreed to purchase the Brush assets for $75 million. The Brush assets consist of three gas-fired generating units with a total capacity of 237 megawatts. These plants currently provide energy and capacity to PSCo under purchase power agreements that are set to expire in 2017 and 2022. While smaller, this transaction is very similar to our acquisition of generation assets from Calpine in late 2010 which provided benefits to both customers and investors. The Brush acquisition has many positive attributes including saving our customers' money beginning in the first year. Additionally, owning these peaking plants will give us greater control over our resources. Purchase is subject to various regulatory approvals including the Colorado Commission. We anticipate this transaction will close in early 2013. We have also asked the commission to consider our request to retire at the end of 2013 Arapahoe unit 4, a 109 megawatt coal-fired power plant. Previously we planned to switch this unit to natural gas. We have proposed replacing the retired unit with a PPA. One final item, before I turn the call over to Teresa. As you know, in December 2011, NSP-Minnesota filed a request to defer incremental 2012 property taxes or alternatively that a property tax rider be approved. In June, the Minnesota Commission voted to deny our request for deferred accounting for incremental property taxes and also denied our request for property tax rider. Despite our disappointment in their decision, we believe the regulatory compact in Minnesota remains constructive. We felt our circumstances merited deferred accounting treatment, however the Commission ultimately ruled that this request did not meet the strict requirements for a deferral. As a result, we will continue to expense the full $24 million of incremental property taxes in 2012 resulting in a drag of approximately $0.03 per share on our 2012 earnings. Now we considered accelerating the filing of our 2013 Minnesota electric rate case so that we could implement interim rates in late 2012 to help offset the impact of increased property taxes, lower sales and added investments in Minnesota, however, based on our continued success, managing O&M expenses and with the help from warmer than normal weather in June and July, we decided to continue our plans which anticipate a Minnesota electric rate case filing in early November. So with that, I will turn the call over to Teresa.
Ben Fowke: Those are all great questions. Let me just try to answer your first question. I think the strongest sales that we are seeing are at SPS, based upon the energy related businesses they had down there. We are also seeing on the C&I sides, some pretty good pick up in Wisconsin. Again, that's energy-related, but in this case, it's more sand mining, which has really become quite the business in that part of Wisconsin. I think we are seeing some growth in the last quarter with PSCo and in Colorado. Again, I think that's primarily energy-related. Then when you move to Minnesota, it's been pretty sluggish across the board in both the C&I and residential class and, Travis, just as a broad stroke we are adding residential customers, but the residential usage is definitely less per household than it has been in the past So that's something we are watching very closely, and maybe that segues into your second part of your question, it was the impact of DSM. It's been pretty attractive for us, but we do believe that shades off 70, 80 basis points on our sales growth expectation, and I guess the thing that we continue to analyze is whether or not there's a shadow effect to that that perhaps we are not getting compensated for, but it's certainly in Minnesota, it's pushing us in the rate cases pretty quickly.
Ben Fowke: We have tend to miss forecast what sales are going to be. We have been too optimistic. So, we will have to make sure that we temper that optimism coming into this rate case.
Ben Fowke: Kit. I guess I would add that all of our jurisdictions with the exception of Minnesota probably are going to be in the mid 9s ROE this year. Minnesota will not be in the 9s which is reason why we have filed in rate case. I think it's off the line.
Ben Fowke: I was talking about utility ROEs and then I think Minnesota will probably be in the 8% range. I mean, obviously losing $24 million in property tax hurts. Sales have been continued sluggish in Minnesota. So that's the reason why it's the laggard.
Ben Fowke: Ali, we have given you the best short of where we see it now. Clearly, July, we haven't closed the books on July, but weather has been favorable in July. We have some more regulatory proceedings to go through and we will keep watching the sales. So, I think we will be in good position to update you better in the third quarter, which is typically when we refine our estimates anyway because that's our earnings season. So, stay tuned.
Ben Fowke: Well, I would just have to tell you, we totally disagree with the ROE that we were given and it pushes us right away to filing a rate case. Again, as Teresa mentioned, and, it's an historic test here, so you have got lag on top of that and it is disturbing to us. Clearly, we want to see it get better. If it doesn't get better, we will have to figure out what we were going to do going forward, because I mean your question is a good one, capital needs to go where it's being rewarded. Right now, I think it was unintentional signal, but I think the South Dakota Commission is saying, we don't want you to spend money on the infrastructure. That's certainly when you get that kind of return, that's what it's telling you.
Ben Fowke: Well, the staff didn't sign-off on that. So ideally we would have staff sign-off. So, we will have to work harder on that going forward. Settlements still make a lot of sense. We did that in Colorado and we will continue to try to do things like that in Minnesota, but we were clearly disappointed.
Ben Fowke: There are so many other things there are give and takes, if you can agree on what the sales are going to be, one of the things you could do is have some kind of true-up mechanism may be a band like we did down in Colorado where if it gets at roads pass a certain point or we don't achieve a certain point, you have some kind of mechanism if it’s extreme. That’s part of the settlement process but typically if both parties see it differently. There’s an opportunity to compromise on some mechanism that doesn’t create a windfall or hurt anybody.
Ben Fowke: Typically, remember, it's under a PPA right now. So embedded in our rates right now is the capacity recovery.
Teresa Madden: You are thinking of that correctly, and in fact they are going to have a preliminarily discussion about that today. So, that's exactly right. It's not just for us, but it's for all utilities.
Teresa Madden: Well, Kit, it's early to say exactly what would come out of that. Our plan right now is to file the one-year and then pursue like we did in Colorado, ultimately a multiyear, potentially as just part of that as we move forward in that case.
Teresa Madden: As you recall we have the 10% parameter and we will share above that but we are feeling good that this is going to provide sufficient revenue release in terms of meeting our objective.
Teresa Madden: Ali, in terms of O&M, just in general, as we go through the year, we have variations, we move projects around. In terms of the longer term, we would expect to be more around 3% potentially 4% range increases. So, this year as we said 0% to 1% and we would expect to get back on track to 3% to 4% next year and in the future after that.
Teresa Madden: We just to add in terms of your question about influencing our other jurisdictions which seems to be at that same level, obviously there is pressure on ROEs all over. Do we see that in Minnesota or North Dakota to that degree? Not to that degree, outside of just normal pressures on ROE.
Teresa Madden: Well, I would say we are on track. The biggest variation in terms of the variance is due to the PSIA, the new rider in Colorado related to gas infrastructure investment. So, nothing different in terms of our assumptions from prior quarters around that, so we are not seeing any necessary updates from where we have been.
Teresa Madden: I want to thank you for participating in our second quarter earnings call this morning. If you have any follow-up questions, Paul Johnson and the IR team are available to take your calls. Thanks.
