Ben Fowke: Well, I think it’s a concern Travis and we’ve talked about it before, that the trend is to see lower authorized ROEs. I’d certainly hope we don’t go below 10%, but as you also have heard as I talked about before, I think we have upside even in a falling authorized ROE environment if we can close that regulatory lag that we talk about through things like multi year and the riders that Teresa talked about, so that we actually can make up more ground than we might lose on the authorized basis.
Ben Fowke: Correct me if I’m wrong Teresa, but on a consolidated basis, I think we earned about 10%. But remember, that reflects a little bit of debt at the holding company, so I would say our average ROE earned at the OPCo’s was probably in low 9%.
Ben Fowke: They denied that too at the same time that they suggested that we look at the accounting order approach, which as you know we took them up on that suggestion and they did approve that just recently here. That has, as I mentioned on my prepared remarks about a $0.02 positive impact and helps to mitigate the denial of the interim rates.
Ben Fowke: Well, I think some of the things we’ve talked about, like multi year plans, etcetera certainly are going to help. I think that impact would be more evident in 2013 than 2012. I mean we had the setback on the interim rates as we entered this year. So I suspect that we will probably have about the same kind of ROE at the consolidated level in ‘12 that we have in ‘11.
Ben Fowke: Ali, keep in mind though that SPS has made some pretty significant improvements as we all know from where we were just a few years ago. So, we continue to, I think improve the regulatory compact there and look to do that in future years as well.
Ben Fowke: Well, I think as we’ve indicated before, we are not planning to issue any equity in ‘12, but we’ll be opportunistic and if we see conditions that would warrant that, we would consider entering into a forward transaction. So we are still in the same position and consistent with we’ve previously indicated.
Ben Fowke: We were disappointed I think in the last quarter of 2011, which drove the overall year to just a little over a half or six-tenths of a percent. It’s a little bit perplexing, because while haven’t been immune to the recession, generally our states have done very well. Lower unemployment; we’re seeing jobs growth and we didn’t lose as many jobs and where we are seeing a lot of the fall off is in the residential and small C&I.  I wish I had a better explanation for you, but outside of our DSM programs, which probably account for about seven-tenths of a percent of the fall-off and as you know Angie, we are compensated for that; it’s a little harder to explain.
Ben Fowke: Well, I mean typically you can add 70 basis points back to whatever our sales are because of our DSM programs. So I would definitely say our DSM programs are having the intended effect, but then once you get past that, whether it’s efficiencies we don’t know about or change in consumer behaviors or there’s a lot of different theories, household consolidation, etcetera, we are not quite sure, but we are certainly seeing it and we are going to have to continue to monitor it.
Ben Fowke: Well Angie, the biggest impact of having to basically turn our dispatch order upside down was the increase in fuel expense, so not the O&M expense, so not too much of a delta on the O&M there.
Ben Fowke: No. I mean I think the original request would have had about – I think we had it more, I guess $0.06 if we had everything we asked for, which we typically don’t and then we have the account in order to your point which knocks off $0.02 of that, so it’s a setback.  It’s certainly helpful. I think we have a much better opportunity to work our way up towards the middle of the range now as a result, but we continue to have some of the other headwinds that I talked about. We just talked about sales. This has been, I think the fourth warmest winter on record in Minnesota and I don’t have the results for Colorado, but I wouldn’t be surprised if they are not similar and that’s impacting us $0.02, and frankly February is starting out pretty warm too. So those are the things along with property taxes that we’ll have to concentrate on.  We do have plans to mitigate that to some O&M reductions and that will help too. So the order I think was a definite improvement and again, if we get a few breaks we’ll push it back towards the middle.
Ben Fowke: Well, you’re kind of hitting on it Dan. There’s three outcomes, right. They could be reinstated. I don’t think that’s very high likelihood, but it’s certainly possible. It could be repealed completely, which I do think is a possibility or the courts could remand it back to the EPA and ask if they’d modify it in some way.  So we currently have 474 I think or 470 in there for CapEx. If it was reinstated now, we’ll spend about that amount. If it’s repealed, we might not have to spend anything at least in the near term. I think some other rules eventually might catch us, but it certainly will be very favorable, and then somewhere in between if it’s remanded. So I mean obviously that’s about $0.5 billion swing, but that’s where we are right now.
Ben Fowke: We would be back to the plan that we entered the year with and we would, we’d be looking at different dispatches, hopefully find some allowances in the market. We haven’t had a lot of success as you know and we talked about that and we would plan to put the CapEx in. So hopefully that doesn’t happen, at least not with an extension of the compliance base.
Ben Fowke: No. I mean, there is two ways to get a multi year, through settlement or through the Commission deciding and I don’t think it really probably impacted very much Neil.  As I said in my remarks, I mean we were obviously disappointed by not getting the interim rates and our interpretation of the Clean Air-Clean Jobs legislation certainly would indicate that we were very much eligible for it, but the Commission looked more to a historical precedent, which is a much tougher bar to meet.  So, it’s disappointing, but I think it’s more of an anomaly given the accounting order. I mean, I still think we have a Commission there that wants to be constructive and understands that what we are trying to accomplish in Colorado is good for the state and good for our customers.
Teresa Madden: Yes, it will range in the 9% up to 10% amongst the OPCos. Generally the range, whoever has a rate case in that period, like we will earn a little higher, so if we look at ‘11, Minnesota is slightly higher than Colorado and then it will flip around. So this is somewhat driven, but they are all within that range. It has new rates.
Teresa Madden: Yes, I would say it’s the largest. Their rates are set on a historical test year. So we do see the largest lag and we have less riders in Texas as well.
Teresa Madden: Yes, it’s $28 million and it’s both electric and gas. So even though it came out of the electric case, it’s for both businesses.
Teresa Madden: Thank you for participating in our year-end earnings conference call. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact Paul Johnson and the IR team. Thanks a lot.
