Brian Van Abel: Yes, so I think residential has been stickier than the, call it, forecasted going into this year. And we expected to give back some of the, call it, the residential gains that we saw last year, but it's been sticky. If you look at a year-to-date basis, residential is up 1.8%. So, I think that's -- that was one of the big drivers of our updated guidance for the year. And a lot of that is in Colorado, if you look at where Colorado has been. We also see strong customer growth on the residential side across all of our service territories. Residential permits or building permits are significantly up. On the C&I side, I think it's -- we're really seeing good rebound in -- across all C&I sectors in our opcos. But really, the Permian Basin is coming back. We focus a lot on what's happening with our oil and gas customers in SPS. And we look at some substations that directly serve those loads, and that load is up 25% even relative to pre-pandemic levels. And so we're hearing our -- those customers are disciplined, but continue to drill. And also, they're looking at electrification. They're feeling ESG pressure and that is a big focus on electrifying drill rigs, pumps, compressors, certainly good load growth for us. So, I think we're pleasantly surprised with the strength of our sales and confident that it will continue into next year.
Brian Van Abel: I think we expect a slow give back. I think there'll be an amount of stickiness long term that will be there as you think about return to work, and I'll give you our example. We have a telecommuting policy for our employees when they come back to work. so they'll be able to work from home on a part-time basis. And I think we'll see that stickiness for a long time, but I do think it will start to come down from last year and this year a little bit.
Brian Van Abel: Yes, I expect 2022 for it to really shape up. Call it a year from now, we should have a real good clarity. Q1 of next year, we expect the Phase 1s of those resource plans in both Minnesota and in Colorado to be approved by their commissions and -- with a substantial amount of renewable opportunity and growth in each of our jurisdictions, as I highlighted in my prepared remarks. We'll go through Phase two processes through Q2 and Q3 of next year, and we expect to be back here next year having some pretty good clarity on the outcomes.
Brian Van Abel: Yes. So, Insoo, this is Brian. So, in terms of Uri in Minnesota, the commission has approved recovery of the cost over 27 months, subject to a prudency review. There is some disputed amounts. If you remember, the Department of Commerce disputed about $20 million of our costs and the OAG disputed about $34 million of our costs. So, we'll work through that proceeding. We'd expect to see intervenor testimony late December and then a commission decision mid-next year. Now, we feel like we've acted prudently and filed commission-approved hedging policies. And we feel good about working through the process of the commission and expect to reach a constructive outcome.
Brian Van Abel: Yes. And I think if you -- Julien, this is Brian. You heard me talk before. If you look at our PPA buyout strategy as particularly the ones who have been successful have been on the wind side where we bought them out and repowered them. So, I think a long-term extension of wind PTCs, even solar PTCs, new solar PTCs longer term, open up that PPA buyout opportunity or kind of just extend the runway for that longer term, right? We're obviously opportunistic, and you got to make it work for the customers and show a customer benefit and make it work from a financial perspective. But I think that's a longer-term opportunity that this reconciliation package in a 10-year extension of credit springs.
Brian Van Abel: Yes absolutely, Steve. I said that could significantly be reduced if the current framework passes. Now it's still a little light on details in terms of what gets passed. But you see we have $1.2 billion of equity in our plan, and you could see that cut significantly down, right? The direct pay opportunity reduces, call it, the tax inefficiency and provides probably, call it, 75 to 100 basis points of improved cash flow. And so we look at that and what we can do from a financing perspective. It gives us a lot of opportunity to reduce those equity needs. So, we're pretty excited about the overall plan, really good from customers. And we look at that long-term tax credit extension and what that can do for our customers.
Brian Van Abel: Yes. So, it's a new regime, and we spent the last -- yesterday looking through the legislative tax and assessing that. And we think it's, for us, very manageable in terms of -- really it's -- the way it's qualified is a book alternative minimum tax, so different than the old AMT that existed. But overall, we feel comfortable with how it work and we can manage through it. And so when we look at the overall package, we view it as very positive for us. So, -- but again, like I said, it's a new regime and details will continue to come out, but that's our initial read on it.
Brian Van Abel: Yes. So, really -- Bob's point was really around our own wind investments providing significant fuel reductions. And if we look at what the cost would have been had we not had those wind farms, it would have been a $300 million higher impact to our customers on a year-to-date basis this year. So that's really what Bob's point is. I think the broader question is around kind of how these higher commodity costs potentially impact our customers. And when we think about it on the electric side. I think we're really well positioned, right? Bob already made the point about our wind strategy, our steel for fuel strategy. But also look, right, natural gas is a relatively small portion of the overall customer bills on the electric side. And we also have length. And you look at in NSP and SPS, this is something that doesn't quite come through clearly, but we've had light this year and we can sell into the market. And we've provided over $300 million in market sales that we credit back to our customers and help offset some of those higher commodity costs. So, I think we're really well-positioned on the electric side and don't see a significant impact on our customers. On the LDC side, certainly, there's less you can do there, given that commodity costs are a higher portion of our customers' bill. But the -- on the -- going into the winter, right, we have physical storage. We have financial products. And so I think we're -- when we look at it for -- take Colorado for example, I think our forecast for an impact, the average impact on the residential customer bill is about $15 per month for this winter. So, we think it's manageable, but we obviously look for every opportunity we can to help mitigate these customer bill impacts.
Brian Van Abel: Yes, I think we show -- we get about $450 million of equity through our dividend reinvestment benefits program. So, that's -- and then the other piece, we say $800 million, that's likely we do it through an at-the-market program, just through an ATM. We have flexibility over that five-year timeframe as we look at our capital needs.
Brian Van Abel: Yes. No, I think we're pretty excited about our new capital plan. I think we -- as Bob mentioned, it drives a lot of benefit for our customers. And it's -- based off of our kind of 2021 rate basis, it will afford us a 6.5% rate base growth for our five-year plan. And then if you look at that, call it, potential incremental capital that we need on the transmission system and some renewables that could come out of the resource plans, that could push north of 7%, to about 7.3% if we executed on that. And a lot of this, right, depending on the type of capital, it could be recovered through riders if it's transmission or renewables or built into our multiyear plan in Colorado. So, we're comfortable with the overall capital plan and have kind of plans in place to address the regulatory recovery of it.
Brian Van Abel: I think ROE has always been, call it, an area of dispute in the rate case, right? So, I think that -- I don't think that's unique to us. I think that's pretty common across other utilities. That's one of the big levers that they look at in determining what the appropriate ROE is. Now, we feel pretty good that from where we stand, our ROEs that have been authorized over the past few years have been below the national average. So, when we think about ROE risk there, we think of more potential upside and getting closer to the national average, right, as we know we're leading the clean energy transition, helping our states lead with their policy goals. So, I think there's an opportunity there for us on the ROE side. Now, for us, I think we're pretty proud about our O&M story. Now, if you go all the way back to 2014 and look at where we are today, we're basically flat from an O&M perspective. So, we saved -- if you just apply the 2% inflation growth in that number, maybe several hundred millions of dollars that we've avoided and saved our customers annually. So, I think -- overall, I think we have a really clean story. Our cases are primarily capital-driven, investing in the needs of the system. So, I think overall -- obviously, you have sometimes just lumpy if you hadn't filed a case in six years, and it comes a big headline number. But we look forward to working with our parties and the commissions on working through these rate cases and really delivering a great product in the end.
Brian Van Abel: I think it might be looking beyond 2022. I think 2022, we're still starting to see still a little bit of a rebound from the depths of COVID. So, I don't know if that's a full 1%, probably between 0% and 1% on a longer five-year forecast. I think that's -- there's upside opportunities. I'll hedge when I give that number. There's upside opportunities, right, from electric vehicles. And we're just getting into the discussion of beneficial electrification. So, I think longer term, there's a lot of opportunities on the electric sales side. But I think for this front 5, you're probably talking in the 0% to 1% after 2022.
Brian Van Abel: No, but I mean I'm sure you read the same headlines as we all do with the near-term inflationary pressures. But no real changes from our commentary in Q2 as we think about it longer term.
Brian Van Abel: I think significantly is significantly. And we do -- we really have to see the details of this plan, right? It's a framework, and the details are light. So, once we get through all the nuts and bolts of it, we'll come back. Assuming it gets passed, which we are optimistic that it gets passed, we'll come back with the full details on it.
Brian Van Abel: There are some puts and takes. You could see a little bit lower rate base growth depending on the details of it. So, there's puts and takes, but I think overall, we're positive about where the reconciliation package stands, both for our customers and for us as a company.
Brian Van Abel: Yes, thank you all for participating in our earnings call this morning. With any questions, please contact our Investor Relations team.
Robert Frenzel: Hey Jeremy, it's Bob. I agree that the analysis and the output of MTEP21 has been probably slower than we expected. We do expect a series of MTEPs over the next number of years that will continue to highlight the need for transmission expansion in the upper Midwest. My expectations for 2021 are reasonable maybe modest. I think we'll see more in 2022 and 2023. I think the time line for construction is probably at the very tail of this five-year plan, but probably more in the back half of the decade for these projects. It's going to take a while to get through once you file the proceeding. It's going to take a while to get through permitting and things like that, and then actual construction. So, probably outside of our five-year forecast, but really in the five to 10 years after that.
Robert Frenzel: And for clarification, Phase two is the request for proposal to determine how much is PPA versus BOTs and ownership.
Robert Frenzel: Yes, that's a great question. And look, we've been a leader in coal plant transitions over the last decade. And we expect, over the next decade, to close the majority of the coal plants on our systems across the country. We'll be out of coal in the Upper Midwest by the end of this decade. We're -- we have plans and approved plans to close a coal plant almost every single year this decade, which we've done a great job of transitioning to communities and the employees as part of that program. Our philosophy has been long runways, Insoo, making sure that we take care of the communities, the property tax base. We get a chance to do economic development and bring businesses back to those communities that have supported us and those assets for decades. So, with the proposal on the table for production tax credits that are part of the reconciliation bill, I think you're going to see with a 10-year window, we've got a long runway to manage this transition. And I think for the company, we are going to potentially accelerate areas that might have been a bit behind, as best we can. But these resource plans are very much in the works. And so we expect to work through these resource plans, and we file about every three years. So, come 2024, so we'd have another bite at the apple to think about the remaining assets on our fleet in those transitions. I think at the core, though, we need to identify that next generation of generation. We were the first company to announce we'd be carbon-free by 2050. I think what we need is another type of emissions-free generation. And I think the infrastructure bill triples DOE funding for research and development. I think that's critical for the industry to progress past where we expect to be, which is about an 80%, 85% carbon reduction by the end of the decade.
Robert Frenzel: Yes. Look, repowering is a great opportunity for us. We've been leaders in wind for 15 years. So, we've got some assets that have moved past their PTC dates, and we've got a lot of wind on our system already. We have four repowerings underway already that were approved as part of the R&R plan here in Minnesota. And I think that this bill again, which lacks a lot of definition and clarity but would provide people who've owned wind for a long time to repower those assets. So, we haven't delved into the details on our side on our legacy assets and what this would open up for repowering, but I think the opportunity could be pretty substantial.
Robert Frenzel: Yes. Look, I think the bill lacks a lot of clarity. And our understanding even towards the goal line, we were putting in $100 billion or so of government infrastructure proposals that lack a lot of clarity from our side. But I see real opportunity in hydrogen, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, storage and transmission with potential development, and obviously with the potential for a nuclear production tax credit, you're talking about significant opportunities on the customer bill side as our plants run through the next decades we've applied for in the Minnesota resource plan. So, opportunities are out there. We really honestly, without a lot of clarity on the bills, lack some definition, but that's the stuff we're going to be working on through the course of the next couple of months, and then we'll have more clarity as we get more insight into the bill text.
Robert Frenzel: Steve, it's Bob and thanks for the question. One of the key tenets of our strategy is affordability for our customers. You hear how resource planning will drive over the long-term, continued transitions in renewables that will drive customer bills relatively lower. We always work for ways to mitigate the customer impacts. These cases are largely capital cases under approved capital investment plans. And we have deferred -- at least in the Minnesota side, for over six years, we haven't had a case. And we've offered ways to mitigate some of the impacts of this case in particular. If you remember, we deferred cases throughout the pandemic and feel like we've been very judicious in watching our O&M expenses and trying to continue the investment plans that drive a clean energy transition, but ultimately end up in investing in capital that will ultimately need to get recovered. So, our plans, we've offered mitigation on interim rates. We think that the bill increases are manageable. I think under the proposal, we'd be down at about $1.25 a month for residential customers, so I think very manageable in total bill impacts. And so other areas we improve, we work hard on, if you think about our steel for fuel program and the success of adding wind in the Upper Midwest that -- we talked about this at the outset, but that addition of those megawatts has provided a natural gas hedge. We think we saved our customers over $300 million per year by having wind blowing instead of procuring natural gas on the margin. So, a very successful steel for fuel program, which doesn't necessarily show up, but it's mitigated bills over the last years and certainly with this uptick in natural gas pricing.
Robert Frenzel: Sophie, if you're -- if you want for modeling purpose, you could kind of assume something ratable assuming -- again, assuming that the -- that could be significantly reduced through a direct pay program that could potentially be approved by the government by year end.
Robert Frenzel: And Sophie, if you look at the slides we do detailed rate base growth by year. So, if you want to see that, you can check that out.
Robert Frenzel: Well, I think you're hitting on one of the key points of the settlement. I mean we put four proceedings behind us as part of the settlement so that we could get to the more strategic conversation, Sophie. The power pathway and the resource plan are certainly right in front of us and ripe for fourth quarter conversations. And then as you mentioned, longer term the electric rate case in Colorado could also be in there. So, yes, I think what it says is we've got pathways to settlement in Colorado, we can reach constructive outcomes, we wanted to clear the underbrush a bit and get to the bigger and more strategic issues.
Robert Frenzel: Hey Travis, it's Bob. Just one more thing to add on to what Brian said, which I completely agree with. We've got -- and I mentioned this earlier, we've got such a favorable renewables regime where we sit that we've been able to both mitigate commodity increases, whether that's coal or natural gas over time, deliver on our steel for fuel premise and drive the fuel component of customer bills down and provide sort of a mitigant in terms of volatility. And that provides real value both on the residential side. But when you talk to our industrial customers, stability and predictability is what they really want as they're making investments in their own business. And by being able to have a favorable regime for that, we can deliver renewables at significantly more beneficial cost than a lot of the country. And that's helped mitigate our total bills for all of our customer classes.
