Benjamin G.S. Fowke III: The deferral of the property tax is embedded in our guidance, and the reality is, Travis, even with that deferral, the accounting order for the deferral of property taxes, we want to earn the allowed return of 10.37, I think we anticipate NSP Minnesota would probably be in the low 9.
Benjamin G.S. Fowke III: Well, I mean it’s this erosion of sales that we’ve seen in Minnesota which is probably the most pronounced in all of our jurisdiction. This is really the – essentially the second year of staying out or a rate case, and so there is a number of factors like that, that will push that down.
Benjamin G.S. Fowke III: I mean, I think the issues that you raised were always the issues when you ever could follow rate case. I mean, so I would probably say that the ROE would always have to – and it’s one of the key things we defend. Our capital, Travis, tends to be a much easier sell, particularly because it’s pretty easy to see the value of that return. I mean this is a year, again, I want to talk about on the call, but we’re starting the year off very strongly with reliability and all the operating indicators that are so important to our customers. And it’s really a reflection of the money we can put in into our system. So at the end of the day, I mean, it’s litigated, it’s as interveners, let’s see it another way, but I think at the end of the day, we’ve got a track record that demonstrates that, we get constructive outcomes. And I think one of the advantage of going to a multi-year plan, like we did in Colorado, is we get that regulatory certainty, and we get a little pause. I mean, I think we have recognized that when you modernize an infrastructure, you follow a lot of rate cases. So, I think it'd be nice to get a multiyear plan or something close to it and kind of get our marching orders and move on with it. 
Benjamin G.S. Fowke III: I guess, let me start it out and I’ll have Teresa add. I mean the plan here – we knew we are planning around this tax benefit. The question was going to be what quarter we would take it in and which is why we don’t do quarterly guidance. So, it was always in our guidance range of $1.75 to $1.85 and we knew we had that when we talked about it. So, as far as the timing of it, I think that’s a function of when the planning was completed and some things like that. Teresa, I don’t know if you want to add anything.
Benjamin G.S. Fowke III: Keep in mind, Ali we expected that this would possibly come in, but weren't necessarily sure on the timing and the ultimate magnitude of it.Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Got it, got it, thank you.
Benjamin G.S. Fowke III: I mean that’s always something – that’s a conversation that potentially we could have, but there's a lot of trade-offs with that and then there's a lot of devil in the details with those sorts of things. So I think we need to continue to evaluate that. There’s others ways that I think accomplish something close to that – that maybe aren’t as dramatic. But we’ll keep looking at all the adoption.
Benjamin G.S. Fowke III: It depends how big the step increases are and what sales forecast is embedded on that and what kind of exit you have. We do have for example in Colorado, some exit ramps, albeit they are not without their pain, but that's the benefit I think, that's the trade-off and along with that goes with the benefits for multiyear plan. So hopefully, you get your three year plan right, and you've got some true-up mechanisms and other things that such things are maybe outside of your control.
Benjamin G.S. Fowke III: It's really, Dan, just the timing of the quarter, first quarter this year to first quarter last year because in first quarter 2011 we were recording at the higher interim rate level, subsequent to that that Teresa mentioned we made adjustments to recognize that.
Benjamin G.S. Fowke III: Dan, are you talking about our regulated 2011 return for our gas utility?Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board:  Right.
Benjamin G.S. Fowke III: All the major interveners signed off on it, Dan you always get a few outliers that won't but Dan again, we expect to have a decision out of the Commission today, potentially it already happened. So we should have full clarity on that very shortly.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay. Well, thank you.
Benjamin G.S. Fowke III: It also reflects updates and in-service dates and timings and things like that, that have impact those lines.
Teresa S. Madden: I think you have covered the major items. Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Okay. And last question, looking more near-term…
Teresa S. Madden: Maybe just to add to that in terms of the Minnesota sales, the compression we’ve seen has really to spend in the last two quarters and its two quarter the trend potentially, but we’re continuing to watch that. So it’s maybe a little bit early for that larger bit. As Ben said, that's why we're looking at alternatives.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, when we were collecting early on the interim rate, we set up the revenue subject to refund and in essence those are – we've had all the true-up relative to the income statement, so they are not being given back to the customers. So we will not see any more income statement impact from that revenue subject to refund.
Teresa S. Madden: In terms of – I would say for our large industrial customers in Minnesota and one of our large industrial customers is a paper mill and they’ve discounted a line of paper, they closed the board facility. So you are right, they are no impacted by weather, then we’re just seeing some in their business, business plans changed. In Colorado our big customers are pretty much dismoderating, as they have been. We are not seeing big increases, but we are not seeing decreases either.
Teresa S. Madden: That contract expired at the end of the year, but we needed to shift from a cost recovery from wholesale to retail customers and that is incorporating in our Colorado settlement. So assuming we get new rates, the 1st of March and that will cover that.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: Okay.
Teresa S. Madden: Excuse me, May, sorry.Dan Jenkins – State of Wisconsin Investment Board: That reminded me, so you mentioned that you had a comprehensive settlement with multi-party are there, what parties are not part of that settlement or are there any disputed issues that...
Teresa S. Madden: We haven’t had any changes yet in terms of our CapEx this year, and while it’s a very small increase, remember in the Minnesota case, we agreed to a $30 million annual reduction in our depreciation expense. So, we’re seeing that reflected in this period, the first quarter’s expense.
Teresa S. Madden: I want to thank you all for participating in our first quarter earnings call this morning and if you have any follow-up questions, Paul Johnson and our IR team are available to take your call. So thanks a lot.
