Brian Van Abel: Thanks Bob and good morning everyone. We had a good second quarter, recording $0.58 per share compared with $0.54 per share last year. The most significant earnings drivers for the quarter include the following: higher electric and natural gas margins increased earnings by $0.19 per share, primarily driven by riders and regulatory outcomes to recover our capital investments. In addition, a lower effective tax rate increased earnings by $0.06 per share. As a reminder, production tax credits lowered the ETR. However, PTCs are flowed back to customers through lower electric margin and are largely earnings neutral. Offsetting these positive drivers were increased depreciation and interest expense, which reduced earnings by $0.09 per share, reflecting our capital investment programs; increased O&M expenses, which reduced earnings by $0.07 per share; and lower AFUDC decreased earnings by $0.05 per share, largely due to placing several large wind farms into service last year. Turning to sales, weather-normalized electric sales increased by 5.3% in the second quarter. This reflects a comparison to last year when the pandemic restrictions in our states were at their highest levels, and our sales were most suppressed due to COVID impacts. Our year-to-date weather and leap year-adjusted electric sales increased 1.6%. We continue to anticipate modest annual weather-adjusted sales growth of approximately 1%. Shifting to expenses. O&M increased $50 million for the quarter, which largely reflects the timing of expenses between the two periods. Last year, we had significant O&M reductions in the second and third quarter to offset the impact of lower sales from COVID, while the fourth quarter was at higher levels. So, the quarterly O&M comparisons will be chunky this year. Turning to regulatory filings, we reached constructive settlements in three rate cases. In Wisconsin, we agreed to a rate increase of $66 million over 2022 to 2023 based on an ROE of 9.8% in 2022, 10.0% in 2023 and an equity ratio of 52.5%. In New Mexico, we agreed to a rate increase of $62 million, reflecting an ROE of 9.35% and an equity ratio of 54.7%. We also accelerated the depreciation life of our Tolk coal plant to 2032 as we plan for its early retirement. In North Dakota, we agreed to a rate increase of $7 million based on an ROE of 9.5% and an equity ratio of 52.5%. We anticipate commission decisions in these cases later this year. In July, we filed a Colorado electric rate case, seeking a net rate increase of $343 million based on an ROE of 10% and an equity ratio of 55.6% and the 2022 forecast test year. The rate case is largely driven by capital investment, and we anticipate a commission decision in the spring of 2022. We also have a pending Texas electric rate case. We're seeking a net rate increase of $74 million after reflecting fuel savings and PTCs from the Sagamore wind farm. The request is driven by capital investment and is based on an ROE of 10.35% and an equity ratio of 54.6%. Commission decision is expected in the first quarter of 2022 for the surcharge back to March 2021. As far as future filings go, we anticipate filing a Minnesota electric rate case in November with interim rates going into effect in January of 2022. We also plan to file a Minnesota natural gas case later this year. With that, I'll wrap up with a quick summary. We received commission approval for the Mustang solar project and the ALLETE wind PPA repowering buyout. We provided an alternative to our Minnesota resource plan, which will deliver 85% carbon reduction by 2030, provide transparency into our long-term opportunities. We reached constructive rate case settlements in Wisconsin, New Mexico and North Dakota. We filed our Colorado electric rate case. We reaffirmed our 2021 guidance range. And finally, we remain confident we can deliver long-term earnings and dividend growth in our 5% to 7% objective range. Now, before we open up for questions, I'll turn it over to Ben for some closing comments.
Brian Van Abel: Hey Julien, it's Brian. Good to hear from you. Yes. Certainly, we're seeing inflation. If you're just looking at the headlines, right, we're not immune to some of the headlines that everyone is seeing. For us, it's inflationary pressures of commodities such as steel, copper and labor. But really, we think it's transitory in nature. And I think really, it's -- I think we found that it was pretty easy to shut down the economy, and it's a lot more challenging to restart the economy from the supply chain and the demand that has followed the shutdown of the economy, something that we are focused on and proactively managing from a supply chain perspective. So, I don't see any significant impacts as we sit here today. Now, specifically, if I want to touch on a couple of the major projects we have in flight. Now, the four wind repowerings that we have, we feel really good about those in Minnesota. Now, those are partial repowerings, so I think blades in the inside of the nacelles. We're not replacing the steel towers. We're not facing steel price risk there. And so we don't really face any significant inflationary pressures on those. So, feel good about that. The large-scale solar farm that we have in front of the Minnesota commission, I'm sure everyone is aware of the solar panel pricing that has been increasing this year. But we look at that. We have a lot of flexibility in terms of construction and when we place that in service in terms of what year. So, we feel really good about that project, too. So overall, something we're certainly focused on and watching but don't see any real impacts as we sit here today. 
Brian Van Abel: Yes. And Dave, I'd just add to that. I think what you hear from us, what we're really focused on doing is providing our investors with that long-term transparency as we work through our resource plans in Minnesota and Colorado this year, looking at almost 10 gigawatts renewables by 2030 between those two. Plus the associated transmission that comes in Colorado and what we could expect to see out of MISO here is giving investors that transparency into extending and really feeling good about the long-term growth rate, not through this five but through -- and talk about it through the decade, so something we're focused on.
Brian Van Abel: Yes. And I would say, you see that in our resource plans, right, where we kind of show the bill impacts over the next decade in both Colorado and Minnesota. And we do -- we run those resource plans in the cases we put forward to the commission with current tax policy. And there's a lot of discussion in D.C. about a long-term extension of federal tax credits around clean energy, and we certainly support -- fully support Senator Wyden's Clean Energy for America Act. And when we run that analysis, that's really good for our customers in terms of those extension of credits. It only brings down the cost as we make this transition.
Brian Van Abel: Yes. Thanks all for participating in our earnings call this morning. Please contact our Investor Relations team with any follow-up questions. Thanks everyone.
Robert Frenzel: Hey Jeremy, good morning. It's Bob and thanks for the note this morning. Yes, we filed resource plans in both Colorado and in Minnesota. And as we work through those proceedings, I'd say by first quarter next year, we'll have real visibility into the outcomes of both of those. And we'll move forward with what we'll call resource acquisition plans where we propose projects, and we solicit input from others for projects that are coming. I think if your question is around where we are in the R&R recovery plan in Minnesota, in particular, the four wind repowerings were approved in December. The ALLETE repowering project was just approved in June, and we still have the Sherco solar project that is proposed that we hope for approval by end of this year or maybe early next.
Robert Frenzel: Sure. So, we have approvals in, I think, four of our states at this point, and we're still working through proceedings in three others. I think the largest of those is both Minnesota and Colorado. We're still working through the proceedings on as well as Texas. Our expectation is we acted in accordance with all of our regulatory regulations, prior policies and procedures. And so we do expect a full recovery of our incurred costs on Winter Storm Uri. Yes, I think looking forward, Colorado has opened a docket to explore alternate mechanisms for us and others in the state to look at, and they've proposed an alternative. We've commented it's a NOPR, so they're looking for inputs, and we've commented to the NOPR. And we expect some resolution and some hearings in that process in the third or fourth quarter of this year.
Robert Frenzel: Yes. Certainly happy to. But before I get started, I actually I think the congratulations are in order for you and [indiscernible] and look forward to your pending next year. So, congrats.
Robert Frenzel: The shift, I would say, gas sales, certainly good to see an uptick in gas sales from 0% to 1%. But if you remember, gas is a pretty small piece of our business, so a 1% change in gas margins is about $4 million. So, I wouldn't say it necessarily fully offsets it.
Robert Frenzel: No. Look, I think we're still in very early innings on sort of exact routings and pathways. I wouldn't read too much into that, Ryan.
Robert Frenzel: Well, look, I think we haven't gone through local permitting. We've got a lot of just local land processes we'll have to go through. So, -- and we're early stages in engineering of that project. I think we felt it was really important to make sure that the transmission and the generation proceeded in parallel. And so I think that as we go through time, as we get better engineering, as we get better insight into the land processes, those routes will be very specific. There's still a pretty big range of capital expenditures for that. A lot of it's based on final routing and final land approval costs. So, I guess then, I wouldn't read too much into that particular leg extension.
Robert Frenzel: Can you repeat those again, Ryan? That's quite a litany of bill numbers. Let me just -- I'll talk a little bit about the clean heat plan in Colorado and maybe even to a parallel path, the innovative gas act that was also approved here in Minnesota. Look, I think both of those bills recognize that we're in early innings of lowering our customers' emissions from the gas LDC businesses and not dissimilar to what we went through in the mid-90s with renewables. I mean, the technology is nascent and the solutions are relatively expensive. But we also recognize we need to start somewhere. And so I think that the legislation in both places recognize those facts. And look, we are -- we'll do pilots. We'll introduce technology. We'll look at beneficial electrification and energy efficiency programs, all tools that maybe aren't readily available under the current regulation schemes today. But these pieces of legislation allow for some of that innovation to happen on the gas LDC side. I think the legislation also recognizes it's really important to respect the reliability and affordability. And I think each state addressed it slightly differently. But there's a cap in Colorado and regulatory approval for plans. And in Minnesota, similarly, their regulatory approval for the pilots, that makes sure that they're cost-justified and beneficial for our customers as well as we think about lowering their emissions profile from the gas LDC business. So, we're -- we were very active in both of those pieces of legislation, and we are working with the regulatory agencies to look at how we write the regulations for those pieces of legislation. And then we'll be active as we put proposals forward to help our customers reduce their footprint emissions profile in each state. So, yes, I think there's opportunity here, and we're going to continue to work with our commissions and our stakeholders.
Robert Frenzel: Hey David, thanks for the question. This is Bob. I guess similar to Julien I might have to start with congratulations to you for your recent [indiscernible] yourself. So, we have two of those on the call today.
Robert Frenzel: In terms of incremental capital, yes, I think there's some projects still out there that we're working through regulatory processes on, the largest of which is the Sherco solar, which we talked about. I think longer term, we've got base proposals on our resource plans and for our transmission planning. Stuff that's not included in the near-term is obviously MISO and SPP transmission expansion plans, and those are generally outside of our five-year forecast but definitely in sort of a 10-year vision forecast. And then we expect our base -- rate base growth plan to be right around 7%. And so any incremental -- and I think there's a couple of incremental projects that could take us above that. I think we'd expect to keep our 5% to 7% earnings growth rate, and we can reevaluate that regularly, and we do. But I think right now, we're just comfortable with being at the high end of our guidance range.
Robert Frenzel: Paul, it's Bob, and I'll let Brian chime in if I miss anything. But in particular, with respect to Colorado, I think that our customers' bills in Colorado are about a third, 35% less than the national average and have been basically flat for the past five years. And although we filed a rate case out there, we expect even after the rate case, they're still going to be 25% below the national average.
Robert Frenzel: Yes, if we got everything in the case that we asked for, they'll still be 25% below the national average. But your longer-term question is, do we think we continue this transition to a cleaner energy economy cost affordably. And the answer to that is yes. And the impacts that we're seeing for inflation, we would say, are still relatively transitory. I think some of the macro economists would sort of agree with that comment. We think that we can transition our states at less than the rate of inflation over the next 10 years to an 80% carbon reduction. Colorado, in particular, will be 85% carbon reduction, less than the cost of inflation. So, I think our strategic thesis holds, and we don't see this current spat of restarting the economy as derailing our longer term plans.
