Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Thank you, Paul, and good morning. Overall, it was another strong quarter for Xcel Energy. I'm pleased to report that ongoing earnings for the first quarter of 2014 were $0.52 per share, compared with $0.48 per share for the first quarter of 2013. Our solid financial results were driven by rate increases, favorable weather and higher than expected weather adjusted sales growth. This positions us well as we head into the important summer months. Let me elaborate a bit more. The harsh winter we experienced in the upper Midwest increased earnings by almost $0.05 compared to a normal winter. Additionally, as you also know, extreme cold or heat, while improving the financial outlook, can also bring its share of operational challenges and this winter was certainly no exception. In fact, on Saturday, January 25, a rupture occurred on one of our supplier's natural gas pipelines in Canada, when temperatures were more than 20 degrees below 0 in our northern service territories. This rupture also caused 2 other pipelines to be removed from service for safety reasons, which significantly restricted the flow of natural gas into the region. Our employees worked around the clock with our suppliers and our customers to ensure that we avoided a potentially devastating natural gas outage. The results of those proactive steps, along with the tremendous willingness of our customers to conserve, prevented what could have been a very dangerous situation. Instead, by Monday, we had resumed service back to normal. For me, it speaks volumes about our ability to respond to an operational challenge. It also reminds all of us at Xcel Energy of the need to continue to invest, plan and strive for operational excellence to provide our customers the safe and reliable energy they expect. And besides weather, we're also seeing some potential upside for the year based on improving sales growth. And while it may a bit too early to call a trend, especially in light of the volatile weather we experienced, I am encouraged by the pickup we're beginning to see in sales, particularly in our commercial and industrial class. And Teresa will provide you more detail on this in a few minutes. This quarter, in addition to delivering strong financial performance, we continued to pursue our environmental goals which we believe are important to our long-term success. I'm proud to announce that AWEA has named us the #1 wind provider in America for the 10th consecutive year. Providing our customers with renewable energy at the right cost and in the most efficient manner continues to be a high priority. We support solar generation and believe there is a right way to do solar to maximize the benefit for all customers. As a result, we've undertaken several initiatives. In Colorado, we recently proposed a new program called Solar*Connect, which will provide our customers energy options from large-scale solar projects. The program will complement rooftop solar offerings and solar gardens, and give customers alternatives for buying solar power. Our goal is to make solar energy accessible to all customers even if they don't have the ability to put photovoltaic panels on their home or business. In Minnesota, we recently issued an RFP for up to 100 megawatts of large-scale solar generation to be installed by 2016. This RFP will help us meet the state solar mandate in a cost-effective manner. Both of these initiatives take advantage of the efficiencies of large-scale solar and provide our customers with additional renewable options. It demonstrates our commitment to have solar as a key component of our resource portfolio, and reflects our intention to see solar done the right way. And as always, we're very focused on continuing to deliver shareholder value. In February, we increased our dividend by 7% to ensure that we provide an attractive dividend yield. The increase also reflects our flexibility as a result of our strong balance sheet, a relatively low payout ratio and the confidence we have in our business plan. Our long-term objective is to grow the dividend 4% to 6% annually. So with that, I'll turn the call over to Teresa.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: First, let me just clarify. Black Dog is our self-build option, and Calpine, of course would be the PPA, power purchase agreement option that we referred to. And what the Commission instructed us to do is basically negotiate with all parties' top line and energy and continue to look at our own options and present them the alternatives. Timeframe is later in the year.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: That's a great question, Paul. We were pretty concerned about that ruling, particularly in Texas. But a lot's happened since 2011. We've -- within SPS, we've added 700 megawatts of renewables. We've put on a more efficient gas plant in Jonesboro, we've put some abatement equipment on. And then given MATS and low gas prices across the nation, we've seen more retirements of coal plants. So the allowance market has increased significantly. So the bottom line is we don't see it as very significant to our capital plans. As a matter of fact, I mean, more to come on this. And I think it's going to be interesting to see what EPA ultimately does with this decision. But the bottom line is we think any gaps that we may have in compliance right now, we can probably meet with the purchase of allowances, which would be pretty minimal and with flow-through fuel recovery mechanisms that we have.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Not too much. There's been some administrative things. In April the city went -- did the first vote on forming a power and light utility. It's, I think it's part of the process they need to go through to be able to issue bonds. It's kind of part of the formal process. So we also continue to work with officials to try to craft some kind of solution that might work for both parties to avoid the municipalization, but right now that's the path we're on, and it's a long path. As we've talked about before, it's going to take more than 3 years probably to see all this through.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I can't speak to other places, but our Windsource program has been extremely popular. And so we're trying to augment that particular program, starting in Colorado with the Solar*Connect program. It gives people that perhaps don't want to put panels on their roof or can't afford to or aren't in the right position because of their angle to the sun to have another option to have more renewable energy in their energy mix. So I think the -- I think our programs in the past have been well received. I think this program, the initial response is, well, it's generally favorable.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yes, I mean, that's our whole intention. That's how we've -- look, we are a leader in renewables. I mean, 10-year running as the #1 wind provider in a the United States. Supportive of solar across all of our territories. But we're also very diligent at bringing on renewables at the right price point for all customers, and we want to continue to do that. It's extremely important that we never lose sight of what we're trying to accomplish with renewables, which in my mind is reducing carbon in an efficient manner. And we want to do that as efficiently as possible, as transparently as possible and as fairly as possible to all customers.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: No. Not really. Our disposals are quite a lot different than the issues you saw back on the East Coast. Clearly, we're going to watch and see if the EPA does turn around and classify coal ash as a hazard, that could drive up some expense. But the Ponnes themselves were in very good shape. As a matter of fact, EPA has given us very, very high marks for our Sherco plant, which would be the -- it's not close but it'd be the closest thing related to the some of the Ponne-ash disposal -- or Ponne-ash facilities on the East Coast.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I think, by and large, the parties are happy with the multiyear plan. We -- you always have to go back and kind of review what you entered into and how it actually worked. We had some pleasant upside surprises, sales and tax things. Cost-containment that we initiated that really helped to make, I think, the multiyear plan work for all parties. I think the Commission is supportive of a multiyear plan. I also think, as Teresa mentioned, the drivers of what we need over the next several years, are really pretty specific. And it's recovery of the investments we're making under the Clean Air-Clean Jobs program. And it's recovery of property taxes. So I mean, the ask isn't going to be as big as I think parties maybe had perceived, and I think the pathway to settlement and the pathway to getting either a multiyear or a rider-type program in place, are, I think the prospects are pretty good.
Teresa S. Madden: Yes, we're required to respond by October. So then, it would be deliberated on after that. So that timeline is probably fairly consistent.
Teresa S. Madden: Maybe I would just add to that. The Solar*Connect program we think will be also more cost-effective than adding just solar to rooftop. It would potentially be about half the cost, in terms of having centralized solar as the resource.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, thanks, everyone. If you have any follow-up questions, please contact Paul Johnson and the IR team. Thank you.
