Benjamin Fowke: Thank you, Paul and good morning. Let me start by highlighting some of the key takeaways from the quarter and Teresa will provide more detail on some of these items. Overall we had another solid quarter with earnings of $0.39 per share, compared with $0.40 per share last year. It’s important to recognize that last year’s results included a positive weather benefit of $0.03 per share while this year’s weather was relatively normal for the quarter. On a year-to-date basis, we are $0.03 per share ahead of last year and expect to deliver ongoing earnings within our guidance range for the 10th consecutive year. Our guidance range is based on several key assumptions as described in our earnings release including constructive outcomes in our regulatory proceedings. Our quarterly results benefited from better than expected sales growth for the quarter. On a year-to-date basis weather just had electric sales increased 1.7% and weather adjusted for natural gas sales increased 5%. While we are hesitant to call this trend it is certainly positive as it is the third quarter in a row in which weather adjusted sales have exceeded expectations. In the second quarter we completed our aftermarket equity program and we have now issued about $175 million of equity in 2014. I am very pleased to report that we no longer anticipate issuing any additional equity over the next five years beyond the normal issuances associated with our dividend reinvestment programs and benefit plans. This change in assumption is driven by our strong balance sheet and better than projected cash flows. There are no material changes to our capital expenditure assumption over the five year period. As you know in December we announced our plans to form a Transco. Our objective is to optimize our transmission investment as the FERC rules and market opportunities continue to involve. So this brings in preparation to participate in the MISO and SPP transmission competitive bidding processes we created two transmission subsidiaries. We formed the Xcel Energy Transmission Development Company which will compete for the first set of transmission projects expected to be proposed in MISO South. We also created the Xcel Energy Southwest transmission company which will compete for transmission projects in SPP. We expect SPP to release the first set of competitive transmission projects for bid in 2015. We are planning to make Federal and State Regulatory filings related to the Transcos in the third quarter of 2014 and we hope to have these regulatory proceedings resolved in 2015. Strategically the formation of Transcos will complement our existing transmission business which is expected to spend $4.5 billion over the next five years. While there may be some opportunities to transfer existing assets into our Transcos you should expect that the most of the plan in transmission spend over the next five years will be made at the operating company level. We will continue to take advantage of the right of first refusal and incumbency status we have in many of our states while at the same time, expanding our incremental transmission investment opportunities through our Transco operations. Bottom-line we have a great track record as a proven industry leader in transmission in terms of operation, development and construction and we are positioned to continue to have success as the market evolves. Finally I like to wrap-up my comments by discussing environmental policy. The EPA recently issued its proposed Greenhouse Gas Rule which regulates – rather require states to develop plants to reduce Greenhouse emission from existing power plants by 30% by 2030. However the EPA has specific state reduction targets very significantly with certain state targets being very aggressive. For example, some of our states would be required to make reductions much greater than 30%. While incremental investment opportunities could arise from the more stringent EPA regulations we are concerned that the rule does not give sufficient credit to actions taken prior to 2012. Over the last decade we have implemented significant clean energy programs that have reduced our emissions. Our proactive actions to add renewables, retiring inefficient coal plants add new natural gas generation and add DFM that allowed us to successfully reduce our carbon emissions nearly 20% since 2015. Further we are on track to reduce carbon emissions by 30% by 2020. So what we need to do is make sure our customers receive full value for these initiatives and investments. The EPA will take public comment on the proposed rule and final rule is expected to be issued in 2015. We plan to continue to work constructively with the EPA and state policy makers and shape and implement the best final rule and state plans for our customer and the company. With that I will turn it over to Teresa.
Benjamin Fowke: There is amount – difference spokes all go to the center of the wheel, the important thing is the result. You probably could with either, to be quite honest with you.
Benjamin Fowke: Well I think Travis clearly the lower the allowed ROE is the more of a damper it puts on the enthusiasm to build transmission. That said it doesn’t surprise us that we are starting to see those ROEs do down and I think in a competitive environment they might go down for other reasons. But the advantage I think of having a Transco is it allows you to look at larger footprint that allows you to more efficiently collaborate with other partners and it gives you much more financial flexibility. So I think you are going to see that trend perhaps continue hopefully not as severe as you mentioned but don’t I think that dampens desire you want have a Transco.
Benjamin Fowke: I think it’s going to be 0- everybody has a Transco and everybody wants to build transmission so, I think it will be very competitive much – many more parties than three.
Benjamin Fowke: Well Michael we are really in early days thinking about those kinds of opportunities and let’s make it clear that they would require state regulatory approval and as we know that can be difficult to achieve, it’s not impossible particularly you if can demonstrate customer value to regulators, which I think in some circumstances we can. I can’t really give you a number. I would – the guidance that we have said on the call and I would continue to stick with that, as you should think the $4.5 billion that we are going to spend, most of it would be at the operating company level. I think we have some incremental opportunities to the Transco that would probably be in the later part of our five year forecast and that would be on top of the $4.5 billion and then of course in the five years that follows I think Transco would play a more predominant role.
Benjamin Fowke: Well I think we are in the – let me just give you my take on it, clearly the states could increase the renewable standards but where we stand today even with sales picking, I don’t see that moving the needle very much. I think that continues to put us in the position where we can add renewable without the pressure to do it now. So that means we can be more choosy and we can bring them on a better price points for our customers and that’s what we have been doing over the last decade and it’s really worked well for us. We’d like to see it continue but I don’t think we are going to be forced into it because of the state renewable standard.
Benjamin Fowke: That’s a really good question. I mean I obviously it’s been pretty significant over the last five years. We like to think it’s going to flatten now. I think a lot of that will depend you know additional regulations that might come out. If I were to – we were are going to give you a rough estimate I would say that it’s the nuclear O&M is going to hard pressed to be as flat as we anticipate the rest of our business. The degree of which I couldn’t really give you any particular insight at this point.
Benjamin Fowke: Yeah, I mean we are going to continue to push the O&M down. You know what our targets for the next five years and I think ultimately you have to have O&M growth match your sales growth and we continue to think that’s going to be despite the pick-up you know relatively flat and that’s where we want to see our O&M growth go. I back to nuclear side too I mean I think it’s important to recognize that in a carbon constrained world these nuclear plants are extremely valuable and so, if they require a bit more O&M in the rest of our business I still think they are very good value propositions for our customers.
Teresa Madden: Well we anticipate I mean in terms of we have previously said you know from the DRIP and the benefit plan that was $350 million. It’s a slight increase to 370 and the remainder would be to spend it through holding company debt. So you can just do that translation. I would say though that the remaining piece that we were talking about you said $700 million and we frankly completed a $175 million of that in the first-part of this year. We just finished up our ATM program so, it’s more in the $500 million range.
Teresa Madden: Yes, that’s I mean that’s correct we are basically the five year around $14 billion. It will be later this year. Generally we do it in our third quarter call but we will continue to monitor that but that would be the earliest that we would expect.
Teresa Madden: Thank you for all participating in our earnings call this morning. Please contact us, Paul Johnson and the IR team, with any following questions.
