Brian Van Abel: Hi, Nick. Yes, good question. And a couple -- let me make a couple of points on it. One is a little bit of a function of where actuals in 2022 ended up in terms of updating our 2023 O&M guidance, but we're really proud of the continuous improvement efforts that we've had underway and they've been underway for a long-time from 2014 to 2021, we kept O&M flat and that's something I'm really proud of our employees who are doing and there is a really good benefit to our customers. We did have inflationary pressures in 2022 but also took actions given the good weather year to reinvest in 2022 in the system and our employees. As I think about 2023, a couple of things. One is, now we're investing a lot in technology and how do we make us more efficient in our plants, we have some of the digital operations factory which is really using AI in our plants to move from more reactive, proactive maintenance. We're investing significantly in, call it, real time scheduling in other opportunities to use AI. We also are starting to get on a treadmill of shutting down our coal plants, we have a broader coal unit a year that will start to shut down which provides us with a tailwind as we think not only in '23 but through basically the end of this decade in terms of as we lead this clean energy transition. And then we also do see some abatement of, call it, the high diesel costs, we had a storm year that was above normal in 2022, for example, we had quintuple the number of storm days in December. So there are some things that happened in '22 that won't happen in '23 that should help us achieve it. So, a long answer, but a lot there to unpack and hopefully that helped provide some color on it.
Brian Van Abel: Yes, David and I'd just add a couple of points there. One is, we don't have anything in our current five-year plan related to hydrogen investment opportunities. So to the point, if there's an opportunity to pull that forward and move faster on hydrogen, absolutely an upside opportunity as we think about it over the next five years. But also lot of, call it, industry discussion about natural gas commodity cost and the volatility we think longer-term now us owning renewables and creating green hydrogen blending it into the LDC creates more price certainty for our customers and takes that volatility out, so I think that's a longer-term opportunity and benefit as we think about how do we help our natural gas customers and improve the certainty of our overall bills.
Brian Van Abel: Yes, and I would just add to that, we're really excited about this technology, shows that we're leading and really demonstrating that we're on the forefront of this clean energy transition and we've always talked about we know how to get to our 2030 goals of 80% plus carbon reduction and so this is really about taking that last 15% to 20% out of the sack and providing one of the solutions. So if you think about that and when you look at our resource mix in 2030, you can start to size what do we need to do beyond that in terms of storage capabilities that will be one of the solutions.
Brian Van Abel: Yes. Hi, Julien. Good question, and we think about -- I'll talk a little bit about both sides of the business because we think about on the electric side really well-positioned from overall customer bill perspective. Now we're, call it, 85% electric and if you just look at our income statement and the cost of goods sold and fuel impacts on the electric side is modest given the inflationary environment we saw in 2022, Bob talked about it, right, it's really -- it's our wind build out that we've always talked about been the hedge for rising commodity costs and that's played out in 2022 and really good to see from a customer bill perspective. And also we went into the year, being on a national average, more than 20% lower on residential customer per bill. So, good place and a good place to be on the electric side. Obviously, on the natural gas LDC side, you have a lot fewer levers and lot fewer assets. And so you saw some of the headlines of 40% to 50% bill impacts for our customers, obviously, we do not like to see any sort of bill impacts of that magnitude, but you're absolutely right that that is starting to subside with where natural gas prices are going. And if you caught it, we've just, in the past two months, we’ve twice updated our gas commodity clause in Colorado which lowered the gas -- the commodity portion of the customers' bills by about 30% that will start to feel in Q1 relative to Q4 because we're actually going to be over collected, so we proactively did that and the commission was appreciative of that. So we're certainly taking every opportunity we can to make sure that we have reflecting the lower commodity costs in our customers. So that's really where we see, I think longer-term, we feel really good about delivering bills at the level of inflation as we think about 2030 and beyond and what the IRA is doing for us and for our customers. So we feel good both near-term and longer-term as we think about it.
Brian Van Abel: Hi, Travis. Yes, I can take that one. No, I think we continue to see similar to what we saw in 2022 where strong growth in the C&I, if I parse it out, we have -- what we're expecting is about 2% up in C&I for 2023 and about a 1% decline in residential rate, continued decline from the COVID levels that we saw the increase in residential. C&I particularly good growth in SPS and I think just under the 2022 sales, when you look at the C&I numbers, you see that Colorado C&I is negative, but if you actually make an adjustment, we helped a large customer installed 240 megawatts solar farm to ensure that they stated in Colorado, ensured those jobs stayed in Colorado. And so if you made that adjustment Colorado C&I would actually have been a plus 2% for the year. So strong economic activity in C&I growth across all of our service territories, we expect that albeit a little bit of slowing in 2023 but to remain there.
Brian Van Abel: Yes, Travis, I think it's early innings with the departments. April is the next filing date for, I'll call it, full plans, I think the Department of Energy is looking at probably around two dozen. So it's going to take them a while to parse through that in award grants for the -- I'm going to guess four to six that move forward from that perspective. We think both of our projects are incredibly interesting, provide lots of regional benefits from multiple sources and multiple users, which I think is a criteria that the department is going to look at. But if you're going to ask me to guess, I'd say it's at least end of next year before we get any clarity on those April applications potentially longer.
Brian Van Abel: I think we'll get back to the specific number, Travis, but I'm going to guess it's in the five to 10 in each region.
Brian Van Abel: Yes, good question. No, we haven't disclosed the cost of these batteries, yet. We haven't made the regulatory filings yet and we are looking forward to having a discussion on our stakeholders and the commission, but we certainly will O&M, we think there are a valuable grid asset and important to us to own them as we think about how do we start to deploy these new technologies as we look to decarbonize and get to 100% carbon-free. So obviously, with any new technology the cost of more expensive, but this is a 100 hour battery that we don't see other solutions out there that are viable and it also iron oxide, right, if you think about rare metals, this is something that's readily available as we think about supply chains and what's the ability to scale. So overall, we're pretty excited about this. I think it demonstrates our leadership as an innovative clean tech company and we're excited to work with our commissions, but certainly more to come in terms of disclosing the cost.
Brian Van Abel: Hi, Anthony, good question. As we think about it from an earned ROE perspective, that's always been a goal of ours, right, we had a goal in 2015 to hold it from 100 to 50 bps and we're successful. And then in 2018, '19 and then had some COVID hit and we scale back on regulatory filings. I think as we look forward, our goal is to close that and we had some success from 2021 to 2022, albeit modest about 15 bps. And so our goal is to continue to focus on closing that and probably that 50 basis point range as you mentioned is a good goal as we think about it going forward and something that we're always focused on improving the regulatory constructs in getting now as we think about either multiyear plans or longer-term plans really providing the benefit of price to our customers, I think is really important something we'll continue to forward work through.
Brian Van Abel: Yes, thank you all for participating in our earnings call this morning. Please contact our Investor Relations team with any follow up questions.
BobFrenzel: Nick, it's Bob, thanks for the question. And as we said in the prepared remarks, we filed this case over a year-ago, we probably actively working with parties since the September timeframe and we've reduced our total initial ask dramatically through extension of asset lives through the MISO capacity revenues and for bringing down the actual sales that we experienced in the state. So we think that reduced revenue ask is really a tailwind for us in the case, there's probably some pretty decent -- recent decisions in Minnesota, you saw the Minnesota Power case the other day and our gas settlement that Brian mentioned in his prepared remarks are data points that we feel confident in taking this, as you say, all the way, but we're always open to engaging with all the parties and if there is an opportunity to move forward with a settlement, we would certainly think to do so.
BobFrenzel: Hi, David, it's Bob. That's a great question. Look, we're excited about the Clean Heat Plan opportunity, it's really an opportunity for us I think to share and align our vision for a net zero future on the gas business with our commissions in a more formal way. I'm not certain that I would expect to see a significant amount of sort of new investment opportunities as part of that process, but really an opportunity to align on our multipronged strategy to decarbonize the gas business. As I think about it, we're working with upstream providers to reduce methane on the purchase gas that we buy for our customers. We're working on our own system, we have been for over the past decade in methane leak reduction, we've done a terrific job there, but there is always more to work to tighten up our own system and then we work on customer programs that encourage energy efficiency that encourage maybe fuel switching and beneficial electrification and then I think the big opportunity from an investment perspective is really the comments I made around clean fuel in my prepared remarks. We are working with multiple parties in the Colorado jurisdiction on a Rocky Mountain hydrogen hub, we think it's a really attractive project, a multistate MOU has been signed with several of the Western states and the governors and all the energy offices of those states are working together. So I think clean fuel's a real opportunity for us and for our customers to advance the clean energy transition and to help us realize a net zero future in the gas business.
BobFrenzel: And then just broadly, and I mentioned this in my prepared remarks was probably worth saying again, which is, we are benefited by the geography that we sit in having great access to low cost wind and low cost solar, not only should we be able to do this for our customers beneficially but you're looking at opportunity of making the Rocky Mountain region or the upper Midwest regions, energy exports centers where we're creating a product that can be broadly transmitted to the rest of the country whether that's electricity via wire or whether that's green hydrogen via pipe or trucking, we should be a destination for those installations which overtime should help economic development in our states and add to employment backlogs as well.
BobFrenzel: Yes, thanks, David. As we go through resource plans with each of our states, we find that we have increasing need for as we have higher penetration of renewals and increasing need for, what we'll call, dispatchable energy resources, and historically, those would have been combustion turbines maybe they are fired with a clean fuel like hydrogen or synthetic natural gas. Over time as long-duration storage might become more feasible and cost effective, you can see duration -- long-duration storage being a part of that solution, and I think if I were to add-up and I'm going to do this math on the fly, but we have several thousand megawatts in our resource plans for firm dispatchable generation. And if we had an asset, lithium-ion batteries are interesting and they have a utilization for our systems, but so do the long-duration storage. These are 20 megawatts projects, there's probably several hundreds in our resource plans that could be realizable within the next five to 10 years if the technology proves out.
BobFrenzel: I'll just read up to start, right, we're still feeling our midpoint of the guidance range, early in the year is where we expect to be and in terms of specific changes, right, gas sales is up a little bit, but that's really a function of where we landed on the year-end and really gas sales for us 1% is less than $5 million in terms of a change. The increase in the rider revenue that's a function of we had a good wind in PTC year in 2022, so that's relatively earnings neutral, we do see a little bit of a benefit depreciation and interest expenses lower. Let's see the forecasted rates for 2023 are lower than in Q3. But overall, we look at it is relatively neutral as we think about the puts and takes and so we're now targeting midpoint of the guidance range and now looking-forward to having a discussion 12 months from now and our goal is to deliver for the 19th straight year.
BobFrenzel: Hi, Rich, it's Bob. Look, I did mentioned as part of our Clean Heat Plan in our long-term strategy for decarbonizing on behalf of our customers that we do expect some amount of beneficial electrification to happen whether that's water heaters or cooking or home heating, but we believe that the asset value of the distribution system is incredibly valuable for our customers and has the ability to deliver a significant amount of energy on the coldest days in Colorado, our design temperature that we planned for in Colorado is minus 30, so it's still a very cold weather climate, has a need for a very efficient delivery system which we believe the pipeline system is there. Now, I do think that we can put -- as part of our strategy is to look at clean fuels and green hydrogen and synthetic natural gas and the opportunity that presents for our customers to realize a good product at an affordable price, that's also sustainable, it's important. But electrically, with EV's and beneficial electrification as we think about the future of our electric business in Colorado, there's probably growth there that's driven by both of those aspects.
BobFrenzel: Hi, Julien. I'll agree with everything Brian said and add, if you look at the long arc of history and look-forward over the last 10 years and into the next 10 years. I think that comment around bills at or below the inflation level is consistent on the electric and gas side, this has been a tough year on the gas side, we're empathetic and we've worked hard with the federal government to enable significant amount of -- record amounts of why heap and then actively getting that into people's hands that needed the most. Longer-term, clean-energy transition, I think we can do this as we said, because we are strategically advantage in our position, we can do this very cost-effectively across the country and we have a good starting point in total bills and what our customers feel 20% below the national average or more in our residential electric areas. And our gas business, I think you highlighted this in one of your reports is one of the top two or three lowest gas businesses in the country. So good starting point, but it doesn't mean we don't have work to do and obviously we're always empathetic to our customers who are feeling bill increases at the grocery store, at the fuel pump, at rents and mortgage payments and everything else. So, but thanks for the opportunity to talk about it.
BobFrenzel: Well, I'll start Julien and Brian can add-on if he's got anything to add. I think generally, we look for settlements. I think we're encouraged to look for settlements. I even think as you look at some of the recent data points in Minnesota, the commission is looking for settlement. So with that as backdrop, maybe this case is isolated, maybe we saw the path to reach a settlement with the parties and I think we're being encouraged to do so. I think broadly speaking, that's the case for most of our jurisdictions, and most of our staff, we need to make sure that we are delivering for our customers operationally, we're delivering for our customers and reliability, but we also need to make sure that we keep a financially healthy utility, credit metrics are really important preserving credit metrics and our operating companies is critical as we seek to raise capital cost advantageously and to deliver on the capital investment profile that we know we need to do. So, I think there is where the debate happens and again I think we've got a long track record of settling and so I would take your comment as encouraging to think that we're going to continue to settle cases going-forward.
BobFrenzel: Yes, but expect us that's the hydrogen hub concept, which we're very interested in and I think we have a great opportunity to be significant participants, but also expect us to move forward with hydrogen pilots and opportunities both on the electric side and the gas side as we think about working through our Clean Heat Plan in Colorado, our Natural Gas Innovation Act in Minnesota and then also on the electric side as we think about how do we decarbonize the last 15% to 20% in our stack.
BobFrenzel: Hi Anthony, it's Bob. Great to see your name in the inbox today. Now, it doesn't give me pause look, I think we've had a long history here. We continue to work proactively with staffs and commission. And sometimes we go before ALJs and there's always things that are around the edges, important, but I think generally speaking settlements are encouraged and I think commissions understand that they want to encourage settlements that they need to be respect the entirety of them without tinkering. I think you've seen some commentary in some of the jurisdictions you might have been thinking about to that fact.
