Bob Frenzel: Thanks, Ben, and good morning to everyone. My comments today will focus on full year 2018 results. For details of our fourth quarter results, please see our earnings release. As Ben discussed, we realized another strong year of operational and financial performance. We recorded 2018 ongoing earnings of $2.47 per share compared with $2.30 per share in 2017, representing the top-end of our original guidance range of $2.37 to $2.47 per share. Weather was certainly a positive factor contributing $0.07 per share compared to normal in our annual results. We also incurred additional O&M expense, which offsets the weather benefit. Looking at the income statement, the most significant drivers for the year include higher electric and natural gas margins, which increased earnings by $0.44 per share, largely due to favorable weather and strong electric and natural gas sales as well as rate increases and riders to recover our capital investments and higher AFUDC equity, which increased earnings by $0.07 per share, reflecting growth in capital investments. Partially offsetting these positive drivers were higher O&M expenses, which decreased earnings by $0.10 per share, increased G&A expense as a result of our capital investment program, which reduced earnings by $0.10 per share and higher interest expenses, property taxes and other items combined to reduce earnings per share by $0.14. Turning to sales, our weather adjusted electric sales increased 1.3% in 2018, reflecting strong economies in the states we serve and favorable sale to commercial and industrial customers as well as solid residential sales growth. Our electric sales growth was strongest at our SPS business with 4.1% growth driven by the oil and natural gas sector in the Permian Basin. Weather adjusted natural gas sales increased 2.4% in 2018 as a result of continued customer growth and increasing customer use, largely in the commercial and industrial customer segment. For 2019, we are anticipating relatively flat electric sales, which reflect some specific declines in large customer usage, more modest oil and natural gas driven growth and expectations of lower use per customer in the residential sector. For natural gas, we expect slightly positive sales in 2019 reflecting continued growth and C&I and residential loads. Turning to expenses, O&M increased by $82 million, or 3.6%, reflecting additional spend for vegetation management and system maintenance due to the hot summer. Business systems cost investments to improve and enhance business processes and customer service as well as damage prevention and remediation costs. We remain committed to our long-term objective of improving operating efficiencies and taking costs out of the business for the benefit of our customers. While we continue to face rising costs in certain strategic areas, including the impacts of adding incremental renewable generation, improving cyber security and enhancing the customer experience, we are focused on delivering 2019 O&M expenses at levels that in aggregate are consistent with 2017. Next, let me provide a quick regulatory update. We had a very busy and productive year in which we filed and resolve multiple rate cases in addition to tax reform proceedings in all of our states. In 2019, we're planning to file a Colorado electric case in the spring, rate cases in Texas and New Mexico in the summer and a Minnesota rate case in November and a Minnesota resource plan in the summer. We anticipate that new rates from these cases will go into effect in 2020. With that, I'll wrap up. In summary, 2018 was another great year for Xcel Energy. We delivered ongoing earnings within or above our guidance range for the 14th consecutive year. We increased our dividend for the 15th straight year. We completed our equity issuance for the five year time period. We continue to execute on our steel for fuel strategy, receiving regulatory approvals for new wind in Texas and New Mexico and South Dakota as well as the Colorado Energy Plan. We entered into agreement to acquire the 760 megawatt Mankato Natural Gas Plant and buyout 70 megawatts of wind PPAs in Minnesota. We are well positioned to deliver on our 2019 ongoing earnings guidance range of $2.55 to $2.65 per share, our 5% to 7% earnings growth objective and our 5% to 7% dividend growth objective. This concludes our prepared remarks. And operator, we’ll now take some questions.
Bob Frenzel: You know, Ali, we had good solid growth in 2018, a lot of it was driven by large C&I demand and some oil and gas growth in our SPS business. We think that year-over-year we have a couple of discrete instances where we know we have a lower demand from some of those C&I customers and we don't expect as aggressive growth in the oil and gas industries we saw in 2018. Obviously, if we had upside as Ben mentioned to the sales growth in some of our expectations, if we exceeded the flat forecast, it would obviously be upside for 2019 earnings.
Bob Frenzel: Yeah, Chris, it’s Bob. On the shift, when we filed our CPCN for the Colorado Energy Plan and the wind farm there, we had originally contemplated that being a build-own-transfer where the developer would construct it and transfer it to us at COD. Through the process of the fourth quarter in negotiations with the developer, we opted to step in by the land and development rights and build the project ourselves. So the shift in capital is just a pull forward from that wind farm. So you see an incremental capital in 2019 in Colorado and then probably slightly less capital in 2020 for the same wind farm.
Bob Frenzel: That's right. We'd have CapEx pull forward, AFUDC pull forward and slight interest expense pull forward, but in total in aggregate across the two years the same amount.
Bob Frenzel: Well, I mean, the CapEx rule of thumb would hold true to that if you're buying out a PPA and putting in a rate base, that's a good rule of thumb. We've got a large universe of power purchase agreements. There is a slide that you’re probably looking at from the EEI deck. I don't have it in front of me now. But we anticipate about 4,000 megawatts of those PPAs would – half of it in renewables and wind, I believe, and the other half in fossil fuels. It might be something that we could look at. Now whether or not we can pull the transaction again that – you got to – it has to work for us, it has to work for the seller and it has to work for customers. And we've had some success with that and we anticipate future success. But either way, Angie, when these PPAs roll off, most of them are at higher dollars than what the market prices would be now. And so that at the very least is going to help us with our very important objective of keeping bills low and create headroom for investment at that leverage point that you're talking about. So, it's really kind of a version of steel for fuel, if you will. So, we don't have quite the same high price type PPAs that I think PGE might have. But the reality is energy prices have fallen over the last 10 years. So as things we did 10 years ago roll off, it's going to create opportunities either for buying or at the very least keeping bills low for customers, all of which is good.
Bob Frenzel: When we think about the impact on customer bills and the headroom of that higher-priced PPAs rolling off create its factors into how we think about our capital investment program. As Ben says, we could invest in grid like infrastructure to a significant degree and we talk about what replacement costs in the same deck. We talk a little bit about what replacement costs for the grid would look like. We're throttled by that usually at the pace of what we think that our customers would or should afford as we increase the capital plan. So, fuel and purchase power reductions enable the company to invest in capital to the benefit of our customers while keeping bills low. So I don't know if we're using a specific multiplier there, Angie, but your thesis is correct.
Bob Frenzel: Well as always thank you all for participating in our earnings call this morning. Please contact our Investor Relations team with any follow-up questions.
Ben Fowke: Well, no. If any of those bills will drive much incremental capital, I mean, I am – there’s the EV storage bill that could be helpful to us and would allow us to do more with basically seating what I think is going to be a very interesting development in the future and that's the electrification of transport. So that could drive some CapEx, but a little early to put anything hard dollars on the table, Julien.
Ben Fowke: Well, I mean I think we shifted some things from 2019 and 2020, but we overall – and we put the Mankato and the wind farm into our base forecast now, but the overall spend is still roughly the same I believe in that timeframe. So in those out years, we are still looking to have achieved that incremental case, which would grow rate base by about 7%. And I think we can get there in a number of different ways. Of course, we continue to look for opportunities to buyout PPAs and other opportunistic things. So that and the fact that if you look at history, Julien, the out years tend to be more capital intensive as the out years become forward years.
Ben Fowke: Yeah, I think that's a good timeline to think about, end of the second quarter or early third quarter.
Ben Fowke: I mean, I think the incremental CapEx would certainly be helpful, but there are other levers as well. Improvement in a regulatory outcomes, specifically higher ROEs, that would also be very helpful. Sales, we've got – we had a good year in 2018. We expect it to be a little bit flatter in 2019 and beyond, but if we got some pickup there that would be helpful. And of course we continue to look for cost efficiencies in the business. So there's multiple levers. The incremental CapEx just being one.
Ben Fowke: I mean we – as you know, Ali, we always take a look at that, but I mean I think what you just said is a good assumption.
Ben Fowke: Well, I think, we've talked about the universe of opportunities and it's going to be obviously case by case. Our corporate development team’s hard at work looking for those opportunities and making sure that the there's a good deal for the buyer and seller and just as importantly our customers. So there aren't really timeframes on that, but we are optimistic that there will be transactions to talk about in the future.
Ben Fowke: Yeah, you certainly talked about some of the upside levers actually across the entirety of the system for the month. We'll see how it comes in. The upper Midwest is certainly very cold, but the rest of our jurisdiction had been relatively benign in January.
Ben Fowke: So, you probably know, Travis, that we looked at joining Mountain West. And at the end of the day, the cost benefit analysis really didn't pencil out for the benefit of our customers the way we were hoping it would. It doesn't mean we're not open to looking at those things in the future, but the math didn't work for us at least in this round.
Ben Fowke: Yeah, I mean, the advantage of joining Mountain West would be potentially a larger footprint, which is good for renewable integration. Certainly, we’re seeing the benefits of that with MISO and other regions. But again, their cost and other trade offs, when we added up the pros and the cons, we thought it was not enough of a benefit for our customers to move forward with it. Again, these things need to be periodically revisited and that's what we'll do.
Ben Fowke: It's absolutely amazing how quickly renewables. I think it's by 2022, if not 2021, renewables will be the biggest source of energy across all of our eight states and that includes the upper Midwest and Minnesota. And I believe around the mid 20s, we crossed the line and renewables will be 50% of our energy mix. So it's absolutely phenomenal. And Travis, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, this is also affordable. It's creating a brand for the state, which I think is helping to attract economic development. We're really excited about Google. I don't think that will be the last data center that we’re able to obtain. And I do think what we're doing with leading the clean energy transition can become a strategic asset for the state and our other states as well.
Ben Fowke: Angie, I think the way you have to look – I think – and maybe we could take some of this offline, but I think the way you have to look at it is if it has a positive NPV for the customer, we would – and we can negotiate the transaction with that in mind. Then the opportunity is to put that CapEx. And you can probably do the math on 2000 megs of wind and 2000 megs of fossil, where that would roughly be. Then you'd be putting that in rate base and you'd get the earnings power off of it. That's the universe I think is of how we would look at it.
Ben Fowke: I mean we – there are sites out there and we've had I think pretty good success in finding sites and I think the results speak for themselves there and those sites will continue to be available. As far as solar becoming more competitive, you're absolutely right. And I think the – my thought Angie is solar is going to continue to see significant cost reductions more than offsetting, in my opinion, the fall off of the ITC. And I think that marries up really nicely with the actual coal plant retirements that we're looking at because as you know solar has far higher planning capacity than wind does. Wind is more like fuel. Solar is kind of a mixture of the two. So I think the stars are aligning very well for us in that regard.
Ben Fowke: Jonathan, one of the things to think about is we are adding a significant amount of new wind onto our system in advance of retiring any legacy generation and that new wind causes O&M upward pressures. So I would say that the balance of the base business is we continue to bend the cost curve on the base business while we absorb the incremental O&M from the wind. So as we absorb lots of new generation, we've had some cost pressures in O&M. I think generally keeping it flat is us bending the cost curve except for the new wind adds.
Ben Fowke: Well in Colorado and in securitization in general, one there is two things it has to has. It has to be written in a way that technically you can actually do the bond programs off of it. And then, two, one of the things we'd be looking at is things like utility ownership of the generation that's been securitized. If those things come together and remember in Colorado at least it's a voluntary tool than it might be something we look at. But I think the important thing, as I mentioned Paul earlier, is that we've achieved the goals of securitization through our own efforts. And that includes community and employee taking care of both the communities and the employees and keeping our bills flat and that's what we've achieved. So we don't need securitization to keep doing that, but it – if it's something that makes it even more attainable then we're all for it.
Ben Fowke: No, no, no. Again that's why I think it's just that tool in the toolbox. I mean, it's down the road it might be something we would want to look at, but there isn't anything we’re specifically thinking about today.
