Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I think that's what we're focused on is closing that gap. And if we close that gap by 50 basis points that will get us on the upper end of those growth objectives. So you'd have to start to exceed that and see some other things before we would be comfortable doing that Michael.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: We need to implement it. We are working the plan. This is the legislation. While it wasn't essential to close that gap, it's certainly helpful. And now we need to execute on that and let things play out.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, you are absolutely right. We have been under-earning in Minnesota. If you are looking at the charts by the way that were attached, keep in mind that that's a little bit distorted due to some revenue recognition. But you are right; it's been in the mid-8s and we need to improve that. Take a look at what we did in Colorado. When you get into a multi-year plan, I think you've got a much better shot at closing that ROE gap. You are getting all of your capital recovery; you are getting your O&M potentially recovered and I think Travis, the other thing that I think is so important about entering into these multi-year plans is it gives you an opportunity to communicate more frequently with your commissions around important policy decisions, resource plans decisions, where we want to go with our portfolio generation et cetera. So you don't get disconnects. And I think if you look at why we've under-earned, we've had a lot of CapEx going through a funnel. We had to relicense our nuclear plants. We had some challenges there as everyone in the industry did. And we didn't have a lot of forums to communicate some of those challenges. So it's not only the mechanisms associated with the legislation in the multi-year plan; it's kind of what that frees you up to do. And I am optimistic that we will make good progress next year and in the years to come.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, the multi-year plan, as you know the legislation allows for up to five years and allows a number of other things. The regulatory team is busy right now assessing how we put those tools to work, what alternatives we want to present to the department and ultimately the commission and we'll figure out – we'll use the tools that we can and do it in a pragmatic approach. Now, depending on how you structure that, do you get it all in one year? – Not necessarily. But do you get it over the timeframe of the filing? – Yes. That would be the plan.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean – are you talking about the appeal or – I mean right now the commission has taken the rule back and is trying to I guess maybe understand their own interpretation of the rules. So we recognize that there might be some time lag with that, Paul. So we will re-file a case that we think will meet their current interpretation of the rules by year end, so we can get to start it while we are trying to sort through what the future test year rule and legislation really means from a administrative standpoint.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean – and Teresa, jump in here, but it's really been on the residential side. And we are seeing good growth, Paul; we are seeing about 1% customer growth but what's happening we believe is you've got energy efficiency – some of that we are driving of course. And you have – where we are thinking some of the growth is, is in more multi-unit dwellings which inherently use less electricity. So those two factors combined are putting – or offsetting growth with lower usage per household.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: You know that's a really good question, Paul. I mean I think if you look at technology, it's going to continue to get more efficient. Will the pace of that efficiency slow down? – I don't know if I have a crisp answer for you at this point. But I wouldn't think that it's going to plateau and just level off. I think you're going to continue to see more efficiencies; you're going to continue to start to see – as we get to the, ultimately the Internet of Things, even more efficiency. I think we are a few years away from that. But the gas business has been a long-term efficiency cycle and I think we will see that on the electric side. And that's not necessarily a bad thing. It does mean though, back to the earlier comment that we have to start rethinking rate design and what the 21st century regulatory compact and offerings to our consumers look like. That's one of the reasons again, why we think it's so important to have longer-term regulatory compact, so you can have these dialogues with your policymakers.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, keep in mind that prior to this legislation, the multi-year compact was not really comprehensive. So when we filed, we were able to file for larger step-in type capital programs. This legislation was passed with input from a lot of important parties, including the Department and certainly the Governor's office and it was passed and it was supported. That said, I think to your point, this could be transformative, it's change, and I think our team has to work with the department and make sure that they're comfortable with the pace of what we are doing. So that's what we are trying to assess right now. So your question is a good one. I think the policymakers support it. I think there is a number of reasons why the business community would want this and it's good for our customers and this could be tremendously more efficient than how we process rate cases today. So I am optimistic we are going to use the majority of those tools and come out with something far more comprehensive than we had prior to this legislation.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, we're going to incorporate a number of the tools. We'll figure out – I mean, I would anticipate that we will look at the five years, figure out how that could be done, but I also anticipate that we'll present the Commission with different alternatives. The key is, get something comprehensive, make use of the tools, and close that regulatory gap. So that is always the first and foremost in mind. And again, we want something that frees up space to have a timeframe that we can work with the Commission on other important policy decisions.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: David, we expect that the Commission is going to probably rule on – the Commission in North Dakota and in Minnesota will rule on that in August.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yes, I mean, we're going to look at all of those opportunities you mentioned. They are not included in the CapEx forecast right now. Maybe there's more opportunities for Courtney Wind type projects, the Calpine projects that we have done in the past. We've got a great backyard and I think there is a number of opportunities that we think makes sense and are keeping with our low-risk profile that we're going to pursue. We're conservative; we're not going to increase our forecast for things that aren't – that you can't touch. But we're certainly going to go after all the opportunities that makes sense for us. And you hit on a couple of them.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I would think – we're under a multi-year plan there, so, no, we don't anticipate that we're going to have decoupling during this – the current multi-year plan that we have. That said, as you know that we've actually exceeded our authorized return in Colorado. So I think barring some major drop-off, there is no reason to really be concerned in Colorado.
Teresa S. Madden: Right. I mean, we obviously think that the legislation allows for the forward tester as we had previously interpreted and that's why we are filed with the Supreme Court in terms of an appeal.
Teresa S. Madden: Right. I mean, just to supplement that in the multi-units, we think they use about 50% what a standard, stand-alone dwelling or home would use. So you get the customer growth, but just not at the same pace in terms of adding to our growth.
Teresa S. Madden: It could take either late in 2016, it could – depending on the schedule, other cases that we know are going to be filed, we could go into 2017. But I think the key thing that's important is we have interim rates and we are anticipating that those will start just as they always have. I mean, that's still part of the new compact that we have starting in January 1, 2016. So I think that's really the key thing to be focused on.
Teresa S. Madden: We haven't updated it yet; we plan later this year. I mean, we'll do a more comprehensive update. I mean, we have disclosed the cost is about $300 million and so – again, we'll do a more comprehensive look later this year.
Teresa S. Madden: We will have it in Minnesota. There is an open docket in Colorado, but it has not been acted on for quite some time. But for sure, we will have it in Minnesota.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, thank you all for participating in our earnings call this morning and please contact Paul Johnson and the IR team with any follow-up questions. Thanks again.
