Teresa S. Madden: Well, remember, we have some weather embedded in 2015 and other things. So, we've taken those out of our 2016 guidance.
Teresa S. Madden: It was better. I mean, the second quarter is where we actually saw the greatest decline in this year. And so, we actually were positive in terms of our electric growth in the third quarter.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, I mean, obviously, Minnesota. I mean, in terms of Colorado, in terms of how we come out, we do have our three-year plan. So, we will actively manage that. We have several rate cases that are proceeding or coming to closure so there could be some opportunity with those as well.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, maybe we'll start with it wasn't a forward test year in terms of what we had filed. It was basically a historical test year with known and measurable adjustments. So, that was our baseline. The ALJ's recommendation came back excluding those. We do think this is a policy decision and that that would be something that the Commission would make, not necessarily ALJs would make. So, as I've indicated, we're hopeful that when the Commission actually rules on this that they will take into consideration the new legislation that was passed earlier this year to include the post-test year adjustments. Now, they wouldn't be required but we're very hopeful, because it has been basically implemented with the new legislation.
Teresa S. Madden: Maybe I'll start with that and then Ben you can jump in. The things in terms of additional construction potentially and particularly ownership, we do have renewable riders available for infrastructure investment. So, we would think it would be not part of that base rate case plan if that helps explain in terms of how this could play out.
Teresa S. Madden: Yeah. No. I would agree. And some of the lag historically has been tied to specific issues. And Ben was mentioning like property taxes, but Monticello in terms of some exclusions of the investment, I mean that's behind us in terms of resolving that issue. Even going back a couple of years, the Sherco, the catastrophic incident that caused some lag as well. But those big issues we think are behind us. And as Ben indicated, this will be a comprehensive filing that we think will well position us.
Teresa S. Madden: You know I would agree with you. I mean, frankly, we've already completed one multi-year plan, so we have the precedent behind us.
Teresa S. Madden: Yeah. And we have the new legislation. So, I mean, that seems like minimal risk that we would not be able to complete a multi-year. It's just how many years.
Teresa S. Madden: And maybe just to supplement that, it's about 230 miles of transmission line. It is 345 kV, and it's the line plus some additional equipment that goes with the line.
Teresa S. Madden: Yeah. I mean I think that's why we were so focused on multi-year plans. The tenants have multi-year plans because it provides flexibility that could allow opportunity to earn a greater return.
Teresa S. Madden: I think the multi-year plan just to supplement that, because we are using forecasts and potentially whether it'd be a question of over earnings, and I think we could put things in place to moderate that, if we get in that event.
Teresa S. Madden: Sure. Thank you for all participating in our earnings call this morning. Please contact Paul Johnson and the IR team with any follow-up questions. And we look to seeing you at EEI.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: So, Ali, I mean you – I think what you're getting to is the 2018 goal of reducing lag by 50 basis points, because we typically have 100 basis points of lag. And we're going to make improvement in 2016. We're very confident. Clearly, we have to execute on our regulatory plans and our cost control. But we're confident we're going to do that. And I mean you should be confident that we're going to meet that goal by 2018 and we'll show incremental improvement in 2016, 2017, and then meet it by 2018.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I'm not quite sure I can answer that question, Ali. I will tell you that we narrowed the guidance range. You probably can do the math. And I think there's symmetry, so as there is with the 2016 guidance. So, I mean, I think it's pretty transparent where we're going.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean, it could take longer, Ali, but we're going to make our filing. And then, I think we certainly don't want to see market opportunities slip away. And I think everybody realizes it's a pretty good time to do these investments. So, I think the compelling economic arguments will drive us to be able to be in a position to move forward as we've outlined.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Sorry, we just had a screen go blank here. So, if can't improve that position, we're going to be at the low end of our CAGR EPS growth rate. If we achieve our goal, we're going to be in the middle to upper end. And if we can close that gap completely, and what I think this chart is trying to show you, then we would actually exceed our CAGR growth rates. So, what's going to be the big driver on that? Well, obviously, Minnesota is going to drive a lot of it. And this five-year or three-year, whatever we end up with, is going to be a big driver in where we are. But there's other places. Colorado, we've been over-earning so the multi-year plans have worked for both investor and consumer alike. And then, the unknown is Texas. We can continue to improve that regulatory compact, take advantage of the new legislation. Continue to move the regulatory compact, combine that with the transmission riders we have, that'll push it all up in the upper end. So, it's getting better – it's getting better alignment with our regulators, combining that with cost control. We don't need to issue equity, and that's great. And I think we've got a robust CapEx pipeline. So, I don't want you to get too caught up on this chart here, because that really is just to show you just numerically what 100 basis points movement does.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Hey, Travis. I've got to tell you that's a great question, because it's something we really focus on, because I mean you – rate base growth is great. And that's why we're focused on Fuel for Steel or Steel for Fuel, whatever – whichever way you like it. It's basically – the good thing about it is it doesn't impact the customers very much. So, to specifically answer your question, obviously, when you look at 2030 or through 2030, it's going depend upon what set of assumptions you buy into. I think we're in an environment where gas prices are going to be pretty stable. I think we're in an environment where renewables are going to continue to fall, even if they're not as supported robustly with – at the federal level with ITC and PTC. So, really, when I look at it, I think that meeting this – exceeding the Clean Power Plan, reducing our emissions by 60% here in the Upper Midwest, can be done over a cumulative 15-year period with no more than perhaps a 2% cumulative increase over that timeframe, so negligible. Right? And so, the real issue is going to be, can we build out infrastructure, can we do these other things and not have that pace exceed customer affordability. And I think the answer to that is, yes, we can. Getting into multi-year compacts is the way you do. Cost control is the way you do that. Discipline about your capital investments is the way you do that. And we're spending a lot of time on that, and I'm very confident this plan is going to be affordable.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. Travis, I'd just say, all you have to do is look at some of the wind assets and other assets we're bringing on there. They're right on parity with fossil. And I think they will be too even with the expiration of tax credits.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, let me just say it's nice to have a lot options and that's what we've created for the investor, I believe. I'd take a little bit of – I'll argue a little bit, I think we've got a pretty robust capital forecast ahead of us and I'm very optimistic beyond the five-year plan we'll continue to have that pipeline as we implement Clean Power Plans and other things across all of our service territory. And we will give you some more clarity on that at our Analyst Day. So, could we do more? Sure. And we're going to – our stated goal is to grow the dividend at 5% to 7%. We have a lot of runway. But I mean, right now that's what we're focused on, the 4% to 6% EPS growth, 5% to 7% dividend growth. If we are at the upper end of our EPS growth rate, we'll never really exceed that 60%. We'd stay – the payout ratio today would stay about the same, which would give us more flexibility. So, it's really – I think we're kind of in a great position to have a lot of levers to reward shareholders. And one of the things everybody worries about is rising interest rates. And if and when that ever happens, it's great to be able to do more with your dividend to perhaps offset that risk, and we've got that flexibility.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: So, I think Teresa is right. I mean, the ALJs probably would be more reluctant to make a policy call. And as you know, this is the last rate case we filed prior to that legislation. But the legislation exists, so you would like to think the Commission would look towards that as they review the case. But we're going to know by the end of the year.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I think anytime you do something new, you're going to get some resistance. I mean, that's just the way things go. But I have to tell you, I had the opportunity to talk to the Commission, as I've made in my opening remarks, and I think they were pretty interested in learning about it. I think everybody knows there's – we should be looking at more efficient ways to process the recovery of our infrastructure investments. And I think there's compelling reasons to go to five years. That said, I mean if it's three years, it's three years. The key is to have the longest runway possible and to close the regulatory gap and to really – one of the things too is I really want to have more dialogs with all stakeholders and certainly policymakers and regulators about the kinds of opportunities and the things that we need to do to advance the ball here in Minnesota. And that goes for all of our jurisdictions as well.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. And just to build on what Teresa said is, I mean, this is a case that's very straightforward. It's a recovery of capital investments. So, I mean it's a capital-based case. I mean there's a very little O&M in this filing. So, I mean, that's been one of the things we wanted to do, is bring down our operating expenses and we're accomplishing that.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I think we're going to be – our guidance is symmetrical, so you can kind of do the – we've got as much upside as downside to be in the middle of the range. We're going to make improvement in 2016, and then it's going to be steady improvement. I mean, there's – how much and what we can accomplish in 2016 is going to – Minnesota is going to move the needle, obviously, what happens there, but there's other jurisdictions as well. But I think we're in a really, really good shape to achieve our reduction of 50 basis points lag by 2018.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I mean, we're obviously going to do everything we can to achieve our earnings goals. So, we'd have to see. I mean I'm pretty confident that we're going to be able to get a multi-year plan in place. It'd rather be five years, it could be three years. And I think there is a lot of openness to that. So, I think we're getting into really hypothetical situations. We'd have to react to whatever the Commission, as we always do, gave us. And the point is we're going to – we'd have to be even probably more disciplined on the cost side. But you start to get – you can achieve earnings goals, but at some point I think they cut into some of your other objectives with building out the infrastructure, modernizing it, getting customers better options, achieving environmental excellence; all those things that are kind of the hallmark of Xcel Energy. So, I don't think that's a bridge we're going to have to cross, Paul.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: So, these are assets that are in Kansas and Oklahoma, where we no longer serve retail load there. You might recall we sold those jurisdictions off a few years ago. So, we think it's an opportune time to move those assets, and specifically they're worth about $100 million, into one of our Transcos and seed those Transcos with some assets.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean it's small, but I bet you a lot of other people would love to have that opportunity, as everybody competes for that. And I think there is some value too to have some actual assets inside a Transco. As I think it gives you more gravitas, if you will, when we get into the FERC 1000 bidding process.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean let's start with what we have today. Okay. And I'll stick with wind, which does enjoy the production tax credit, which is worth about $22 a megawatt hour. So, with that credit in mind, we're see wind deals that have come to us across all of our regions in the mid-$20s megawatt-hour levelized 20 years. Now, compare that, Paul, to what we could go out today and buy a strip of natural gas future contracts for. I mean, even in this low gas price environment, if you took those gas reserves, took it, times it by the applicable heat rate, I think you'd find $25 a megawatt hour for wind would be on parity, if not in the money. So, essentially, what we're doing when we're buying wind is hedging natural gas volatility. Now, obviously, if you take away $22 from the equation, you're not looking at $25, you're looking at $47. It's a little bit out of the money. Of course, natural gas prices are at historic lows. And then, I would say that – and this applies to solar as well, is that they continue, these technologies, at large scale, to become more and more efficient. And so, I don't think their pricing's going to go up. I think if – wind, if anything, will stay flat. But I mean we've seen – gosh, in just five years, we've seen capacity factors go from the mid-30%s to now the low-50%s. So, they've seen steady improvements. We all know the story with solar. So, I'm optimistic about it.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. But Paul, I mean, that's a really good question and I'd be happy to talk to you more about it, because I was just looking at that – I used wind as an example, because I think it's easy to get your arms around. Wind, today, you still have a – you still build a gas plant, right? Okay. But whether you fire up that gas plant with natural gas or you idle it and have it ready to go, but you displace that natural gas with wind is the equation I was talking to you about. It gets a little more complicated when we talk about solar. And the way I'd look at it briefly is that probably the capacity value that you bake into that is the difference between a combined cycle plant and a combustion turbine plant, roughly. I mean, it gets a little bit more complicated and we probably can take it offline.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: But it's pretty exciting economics. And then, you get the ancillary costs as you get more on the system. It's one of the reasons why we're studying more and more of what batteries can do for us. It's not like batteries are in the money for us today, but neither was solar 10 years ago. And so, we want to be ready for when the technology moves into the value part of our sweet spot.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: We haven't updated our CapEx for Courtenay, Andy. And of course, that'll be one of the things that we update for you at our Analyst Day.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I mean, we wouldn't get ahead of ourselves if that's what you mean. We're going – I mean, I'm not quite sure what your question is. I mean, I think you get the framework...
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: You get the framework established, Andy, and then you – if it then – the specific way you implement that, I think if it's in the framework, you give yourself the leeway so you don't have to run back and have this endless clock running. But I mean, that's kind of what we're trying to establish now is how you would execute on it and what the model would look like.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: No, I don't think it's – no, it's not a vision that can't be achieved. It's aspirational, I guess, you would say. But it's not pie in the sky, by any means. Look at what we've already done in Colorado with our multi-year plan.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Look what we're doing in Wisconsin. I hope to be able to report really positive results for you in Minnesota. So, Texas, that's probably going to be harder when you're in historic mode and building a lot of capital. But at some point, you're – that capital profile slows down a bit and so the lag becomes less pronounced. So, I think it's not impossible at all.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. But I mean there's change and then you can sub-bullet points under it. But the reality is it's different from the way we've done it before.
