Ben Fowke: Hey, Julien. Good morning. So the way we think about it and maybe frame it up into - if you remember going into this year, our O&M guidance was 2% up. We're investing significantly in our wind farms, along with all these strategic priorities, such as our grid investments in customer. And then we didn't see our guidance for 2021, but we expected a similar increase prior to COVID in that range. But now if you look at where we'll land this year, down 1% to 2, and slightly up next year, will roughly be flat to 2019. So that kind of gives - and that's on a consolidated level. Obviously, it's varies a little bit by article. But overall, that kind of gives you a sense of how we're kind of driving cost transformation through our business, as we absorb our strategic priorities and remain flat.
Ben Fowke: Yeah, I mean, I think - I mean, we'll have to see obviously, how it plays out at the state level and obviously, the federal level as well. But Julien, I think we're very well positioned for whatever happens. I mean, remember, one of the things I'm so proud of is we're leading the way, we've got an 80% interim target, a 100% target by 2050, but we do that with liability and economics in mind. So that tends to bring both sides of the aisle along. At the federal level, if it does become a Biden administration, and maybe the senate flips as well, I think we're probably well positioned to do more with renewable. I think they would probably accelerate EVs and help with our 1.5 million target. I would also welcome the chance as both CEO of Xcel and Chairman of EI to work with the Biden ministration and kind of let them know that 2035 and utility timeframe for the technologies that will be needed is very aggressive. So there's a reason why we chose 2050. Now at the state level, we'll just play it out. But I mean, I think we've demonstrated we can work very well crafting legislation that works for customers and shareholders alike.
Ben Fowke: So I'm going to let Brian talk about the tax implications. As far as headwind tailwind, I think it's I think it's probably helpful to accelerate our renewable program. I absolutely think it'd be helpful to our 1.5 million electric vehicle goal. And that's something that would create additional opportunities for investment. I'm particularly excited about EVs, if you've heard me speak before, because I don't know if it's steel for fuel, but it's a type of steel for fuel. The variable cost of an EV is significantly below that of a gasoline. The charge off similar rates its equivalent of $0.60 a gallon, so while EVs are expensive today, we think that cost comes down. Biden administration might help that costs come down even more and then we're getting more EVs out there reducing the carbon footprint obviously, and creating investment opportunities for us in additional sales load, which all customers benefit from. I'll turn it over to Brian, for your tax question.
Ben Fowke: And that's all customer driven, which is why I think this clean energy transition happens under just about any type of administration.
Ben Fowke: Yeah, I mean, we strive to be at the upper end of that 5% to 7% goal and the additional 1.4 million, albeit we'll make sure we're sensitive to credit quality, which is really important, would be helpful to that goal. So we're very confident that we're going to be able to achieve our long-term growth rate.
Ben Fowke: Well, I mean there's always things, I mean, who thought we would be in COVID two years ago. So there's a lot of things that could happen. And of course, it could be - we've always had regulatory outcomes and things like that to consider, sales and there's always things, but again, I think we're in very good shape.
Ben Fowke: Well, I think rebates to the consumer to buy down the cost of the EVs. I do think they're going to come down naturally, as more and more models are introduced, but that would - that obviously, would stimulate purchases and just making it an overall part of industry wide carbon goals would be helpful to Stephen. So I think their support can come in a number of forms. The other thing I would say is kind of this - the addressing range anxiety, maybe a public-private partnership to make sure we have fast charging stations around the corridors for people who travel, those are all things that I think you'd be more likely to happen under a Biden administration than a Trump administration. So I mean, I think we can get through our goal either way. But I was asked to comment, whether it would be a tailwind or headwind, and I definitely think that could be a tailwind for us.
Ben Fowke: I mean, I think it gives us more confidence. I mean, the 1.5 million EV goal is definitely a vision and it reflects 20% of cars that are currently on a road. So I think it'd be very helpful to getting there.
Ben Fowke: In Minnesota, keep in mind, there's a lot of wind that's going into service which would lead to - and a lot of that wind is in Minnesota.
Ben Fowke: Yeah, look, I think that we've taken a proactive approach to propose those in our resource plan. It gives us a runway to manage through the employee and community issues. And so that's our proposal right now.
Ben Fowke: Yeah, that's a great question. Thanks for that. I mean, I think you're going to see us - and the emphasis on storage will take place in our resource planning proposals, both in Minnesota and Colorado, and we do see a role for storage. It's not I think kind of fear, I mean, it's all our batteries can only do so much. So when you think of technologies that are needed to get that last 20% out, we're going to need perhaps some form of long-term storage to address those seasonal variations. But yeah, just thinking about the Minnesota plan we talked about peaking resources that will be needed. Well, that can - batteries is definitely part of his peaking resources. The same will hold true in Colorado. I would just say too, when we look at what we did with the R&R plan in Minnesota, we're actually saving customers money by repowering wind projects. And so to us, given the economic conditions we're in and that made all the sense in the world.
Ben Fowke: No. Yes to all of those. I mean, I think hydrogen is perhaps that long-term storage, it can be used in different ways, but storage is definitely one of the things. Pumped storage is on the table. We're looking at what we can do with our Cabin Creek plant. There is pumped storage in Colorado. So yeah, I mean, all those things are on the table. And you'll see some of that get, I think, flushed out a little bit as we go through the resource planning process.
Ben Fowke: Well, I mean, I think what we'll be looking at in Minnesota is whether or not the Senate, which is currently Republican, if it were to go Democrat, and you have an all democratic DFL branches and we would be looking probably at increased corporate taxes and maybe some legislation, energy wise, but again, I think we've done a really good job of developing relationships across the aisle and actually executing on just these pretty bold and aggressive carbon reduction plans. And I do think the administration has appreciated what we've been able to do for our communities and things like the R&R plan that we talked about. So I'm not particularly focused on any kind of transformative type legislation that might come out of an election. I say that and Bob or Amanda, so you want to comment.
Ben Fowke: Yeah, on the residential side, or multi dwelling, things like that, I think we're very well positioned to own those charging stations. In fact I'm really excited about our EV plans that would allow you - if you had a home and you wanted to get an EV, we try to make it easy for you because it's not as easy as you think sometimes. And so with a call to us, we can get the home charger installed at no cost for you build it into our subscription rate, it just encourages you to charge off peak and saves you a significant amount of money. So you don't have to compare KWH and equivalence, it's like - I think it's $44 a month. And it's all you can use off peak. And we've done the math; we think it works out really well for the EV owner, but just as importantly, the other customers, because it minimizes the impact to the grid. Now, when you get to like fast charging stations, I think they're really necessary to address range anxiety, but make no bones about it. They're kind of lost. So I think that that's where a public private partnership could come into play. We're happy to play a role there. But we don't have to; I just like to see it done. So I guess that would be kind of like I answered your question. I think that's where we see it.
Ben Fowke: Well, I mean, I think it can take a lot of different forms. I mean, the government, either federal or state could provide funding to buy down the cost of those charging stations. It doesn't necessarily have to have an Xcel energy label on it, we could just provide the necessary supporting infrastructure, or we could be part of it. I mean, I would just tell you, Paul, we're wide open to that. The key to me is to get these stations built. So that people - one of the biggest barriers and purchasing an EV is space range anxiety. And so you need, I think, the right amount of fast charging stations, which again, are lost leaders to be built, so that you have more easy penetration. So it's kind of a chicken or the egg type thing and it can take a lot of different forms.
Ben Fowke: As long as it's - yes, the short answer is yes. But I mean you want to make sure the process is followed. I mean one of the things that we'd want to show is okay, if this leads to more easy penetration, how does that benefit all of our customers? How much it's exactly, how much we're going to socialize? And you've heard me talk about incentives and subsidies and things like that. And I've always been okay with them, as long as they're transparent. So I would not want something that is kind of hidden, where people were not really sure what is being socialized and what isn't being socialized. And I don't think that would happen with these charging stations. But that's what we'd be advocating for, just a real transparent process. Because not everybody - when you say the word socialization, I mean, it gets people upset sometimes. But a selective amount of seeding I think is really important and perhaps we could play a role in that.
Ben Fowke: Well, I think, I think to implement the Biden tax plan you're going to need to do sweep Paul. I don't think - I think it's - you might have some sort of form of compromise wrapped around other things if it's sports Congress and Senate. But I don't think there's going to be a tremendous amount of interest if the Republicans hold the Senate and implementing the full Biden tax plan.
Ben Fowke: I think you need a Democratic Senate and then I think if you look at how the Senate would be taken over by Democrats, many of those candidates are running on moderate platform. So I think you'd have to be - it would also depend on how big the sweep is.
Ben Fowke: Stay tuned, we should know sometimes. Not so sure. It'll be November 3, by the way, but we will know at some point.
Bob Frenzel: Hey, Jeremy, it's Bob, and thanks for the question, loved the headline on the report this morning and the reference. On the Minnesota R&R plan and the broader stay out proposal. We are working productively with all stakeholders. I think we've got support from the OAG and the environmental advocates for a stay out and so the R&R proposal, we're I would say proactively working with the department and trying to gain their support. We expect to follow our mean rate case next week as the alternative to the sale proposal. And similar last year, we would expect the commission to take that up in about six to eight weeks. So call it early to mid-December timeframe. We'd expect them to make a decision. And look we think the R&R plan and the stay out proposal are very much in line with the Administration's and the Commission's goals and we'd expect a productive outcome in December.
Bob Frenzel: Well, I mean, we don't - it's a great question, by the way. And I won't comment on anything specific. But I mean you've heard me speak over the years that our focus is primarily on organic growth. It's nothing like one times book. And I think our investors love that. But we obviously see what's happening in the industry and the long-term trend to consolidation. It's not like we don't look at things, but I will just tell you, we can be disciplined because we do have good organic growth, and we're not looking to fill some sort of earnings void or something like that. So we're very disciplined about it and I think that's one of the reasons why we trade at a bit of a premium to our peers.
Bob Frenzel: Yeah, sure, so this is Bob again. For the mid December filing, we would expect a decision on rate case or stay out provision. We also would expect the wind component of our R&R plan to be heard in the December timeframe as well. I think the solar piece of our plan is more likely going to be a Q2 of 2021 timeframe. I think that makes up the bulk of the investment opportunity, there's some other areas around electric vehicles and distribution and transmission spend, which we could take up in normal course in separate dockets, but those are the two big buckets.
Bob Frenzel: I do want to talk a little bit about - hey, Durgesh it's Bob, just a couple add-ons to Ben's comments. First and foremost, on the federal side, one of the tailwinds, we would expect to see is a real increase in the budgets for R&D for new generation, which we've been very focused on as a company, and at EEI and making sure that the next generation of dispatchable generation that will provide reliability and affordability for our customers, and the R&D has started today. And secondly, I don't want to diminish the impact that partnering with our states has had. Federal tailwinds are good, but our partnerships with our states have enabled us to deliver over the past four years a substantial amount of carbon reduction, electric vehicle penetration goals and other investment opportunities around cyber and wildfires and other areas that have been very helpful. So while the Feds can be helpful, I think the partnerships of the state are really important as well, I think we're very much aligned there.
Bob Frenzel: Hey, Insoo, it's Bob, good to hear you this morning. We've got - we are accelerating with appreciation on the two plants that we have approval to retire early, that's Sherco units 1 and 2 and they're being accelerated and depreciated fully by their projected retirement date in '23 and 2026 respectively. As part of our Minnesota resource plan, we have offered to retire Sherco 3 and the King plants early also with accelerated depreciation. And we think those proposals, we likely heard sometime in 2021, next year, as we go through the resource planning process. We've been very successful and working with our stakeholders in mitigating the transition of these legacy plants of ours. We've taken care of the workforces, and the property taxes in the jurisdictions. And so we think this is just part of the overall package and we've been successful that in the past, and we'd expect to continue in that fashion.
Bob Frenzel: Yeah. Travis, this is Bob. I think the only other thing to watch is obviously the ballot initiative in New Mexico on elected versus appointed commissioners. And I think we've got a good history of working there well and any new commission, we would we would proactively engage with.
Bob Frenzel: Hi, Paul, it's Bob. We discuss two areas where I think we're excellent and also making sure that in a world where we are involved, we can make sure that public charging, whether it's on interstates or neighborhood, there are areas of town and areas that communities that don't get left behind, we want to make sure that there's an equitable investment, and making sure that all of our customers can benefit from the opportunity that electric vehicles provide. And the second area where I think that we are very valuable in ownership and control of the charging stations is really around the impacts in the grid and making sure that we have appropriate incentives for more off peak than on peak charging. Recognizing some on peak will have to happen, certainly in those public spaces, but bouncing the grid loads and making sure that we're optimizing the distribution investments around electric vehicles is really important. And I think our role there is critical. So that leads you to believe that we would be a very good partner or owner of those types of stations as well.
Brian Van Abel: Yeah, and the details on the Biden tax and are still a little bit light, but I'll hit on a couple of high points, right, if you think whether tax rate increased from 21% to 28%. Just like the TCJA, where we went from 35 %to 21%, our customers saw a savings of 3% to 4%. So if we go the other way, we expect to see a onetime customer impact of 1.5%, 2%. In a while it's never positive to see that impacts our customer bills, we do think it's manageable. And we did set that precedent in all the regulatory proceedings going through the TCJA in terms of through the majority of our jurisdictions we the customers saw timely refund or saving. We expect similar treatment if the tax rate goes up. On the credit metric side, certainly in increasing the tax rates would help on the credit metric side. You'd probably expect for us to see 100 to 150 basis point increase in our credit metrics. But that depends on the details. I know there is a talk about an AMT related to book income, which would be detrimental in that sense, but that 100 to 150 basis points benefit to our credit metrics really related to if AMT goes back to the prior regime. So those are the two big components from the tax perspective.
Brian Van Abel: Yeah, you're absolutely right. It also actually helps from just the L2 from our customers. So you're right about that.
Brian Van Abel: Yeah. Sure and good morning, Jim. So we kind of break it down between residential and C&I. Residential, we expect it to be fairly flat for this year. We are seeing good strong customer growth of about 1% across the consolidated family. So we expect that customer growth to continue and a little bit of I'll call it a reduction in the use per customer. On the C&I side, I think what you see is we expecting, call it, around the 2% increase in C&I sales. And the best way to think about that is really a - we don't expect in April and May to happen next year, but we do expect to know C&I sales to be impacted. So if you kind of took April and May out kind of the worst parts of COVID this year is kind of gives you a sense of what we're thinking for next year.
Brian Van Abel: Well, I think the big part is in Colorado, we're really starting to roll out our advanced grid initiatives. And we also have some transition investments that we need to do in Colorado. In longer term where we had - we talked about it before that we have significant transition investments in all our articles longer term really to enable the generation transition. In Wisconsin we do have some - the solar farm that we just announced, a $100 million solar farm with Wisconsin which is for Wisconsin size that is material, and we do have some transmission projects in Wisconsin. So those are really the big drivers for those articles.
Brian Van Abel: Yeah, you're rolling for the big win spend in Minnesota this year, so when you roll forward from 20 to 24 or 21 to 25 is what you're seeing.
Brian Van Abel: Yeah, go on in service. So then if you think of the incremental plan, right, we would like to tell Minnesota R&R, that's all Minnesota spend and significant customer value in the developed proved that will increase the overall CapEx for Minnesota.
Brian Van Abel: Sure. Good morning, Ryan. Yeah, we announced to get more million from buyouts approved in Minnesota which is very good to see and deliver significant customer benefits than that solar buyout in Colorado was filed and again, significant customer benefits, even though it's a pretty small dollar amount, from a capital perspective. Yeah, it's something that we spend a lot of time in the corporate development team in terms of discussions and just conversations with the IPPs that we do business with. A couple things right that we watch, if you want to kind of talk about the election opportunities, right, if you could see an extension of PTCs, maybe that provides more repowering opportunities. If PTCs are extended, certainly a change in the corporate tax rate could impact how these IPPs view their wind farms. So this is something that we'll continue to look at and in conversations with. I speak about this as just something that we continue to have conversations is really a long-term opportunity, because it is about finding kind of the sweet spot in terms of ensuring that we deliver significant customer value and finding the price point that works for us actually quite well.
Brian Van Abel: That would say it's relatively routable, certainly some conversations picked up during kind of the impaction of COVID as some of the developers had challenges. There was a PPA that was bid into our Minnesota relief and recovery win RFP, those PPA buyout - was bid in. We were close to getting there, but we couldn't get to the customer savings number that we wanted to deliver and that RFP and so we'll continue to negotiate with that counterparty to see if we can actually reach an agreement that provides our customers significant savings. So like I said, it's important for us to deliver the savings for our customers.
Brian Van Abel: Yeah, thank you all for participating in our earnings calls this morning. If you have any follow up questions, please contact Paul Johnson in our Investor Relations team. Thank you everyone.
