Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Greg, if I could, first of all, let me just apologize to everybody on the call. We have significant construction going on outside, and I think that might have interfered with some of the broadcast. I don't know if you could hear it, Greg.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Okay. I think we're just reiterating what we've been saying all along, Greg, that after this year, it's likely that our growth rate will modulate a bit as our capital expenditures start to levelize off. And you look at where ROE's are going in the trend and it certainly says that we're probably correct in that, but more to come.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Absolutely. And as you and I have talked many times before, Greg, as we went through this construction mode, we wanted to be more conservative with our dividend for a number of reasons. And I think that gives us dry powder in a different -- maybe a unique way that we reward shareholders going forward.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: No, it really wouldn't. I mean, we're going to make use of transmission lines and capabilities that are already in place. I think the one issue that we have with the additional 150-megawatt project in North Dakota is making sure that the transmission will be available there at a reasonable cost. And -- but it won't drive any additional major capital expenditures on transmission, Greg.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: First of all, you probably wouldn't see the impact of that for, I don't know, 3 to 5 years. And then as we've talked about before, it's -- in the big picture of Xcel Energy, it's not a large portion of our sales. And of course, we would aggressively defend customers outside of Boulder and our own shareholders and making sure we receive the reimbursement that we're entitled to, if they were to municipalize. So I don't think it's going to be a big impact.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yes. Paul, at this point, I can't give you any more flavor to that than we've already said. And more to come on that as the year progresses, and we get more input into what our expenditures are going to be and all the other factors that you consider with the board to your point in making a dividend recommendation.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I think, Paul, I think, there's a lot of more to come on that. I mean, as I've said in my remarks, the parties are seeking clarification. And even with clarification, I think that those are the kind of elements that become part of the discussion on how we would go forward. I mean, just as an FYI, sales in Minnesota are not very strong, and they're tracking pretty much to our expectations. We didn't expect it to be a strong year, and that's the way it's turning out. So whether or not there would be true-up mechanisms or you would just live with it remains to be seen in the 3-year plan. But...
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I would say that Minnesota is probably the most sluggish and we're seeing the most declines. And then, I would say that Colorado is about flat, and we are seeing the strongest growth in actually SPS and NSP-Wisconsin.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: And there'll be another vote on that also in August, whether or not they proceed with condonation proceedings. Again, that's a long process. There'll be another vote in November on debt [indiscernible] to how much all this would cost, and I think there still continues to be work on how we could work with this city and avoid municipalization. But it is what it is, and -- but stepping back to answer your question on a more macro level, we're going to -- I think it's important in this world that we continue to offer more choice to citizens, communities, cities, and we're going to continue to do that. Look for us to do more of that. But also look for us to do that in a way that's fair to people -- to all citizens, all communities and all cities. And that's a really important principle. And so sometimes, I'm talking maybe too much here, Paul, but sometimes we're the middle-of-the-road kind of people where we try to do things that are reasonable and smart, and sometimes you get hit by traffic on both sides of the road when you do that. But I think it's the right way to go for our customers.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: So that would be incremental capital spend. To answer your first question, which is far more complicated, obviously. Obviously, we have a process that we need to go through, Ashar. And we need to justify what is the right decision for our customers to our commissions, as we should. We like to build more, but you have to recognize that -- not unlike when you make a decision to buy a car. If you're going to hold that car for a long time, almost always it's a better decision to build. But as you know, your initial monthly payments would be higher and ownership versus a lease. So we're trying to seek a blend that allows for ownership, which we do think over the long term has a better long-term value for our customers, but also blend it in with PPAs that have that levelized cost. And I think we're seeking the right balance there. And I suppose we could be more aggressive, but I will tell you, the important thing in my mind is that we get these deals done and our customers save $1 billion of fuel over the next 20 years. And while we might not get the direct benefit of that, I think benefiting our customers will always come back to benefit us.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Ashar, that's also based on just kind of taking an average dollar per kilowatt times the 200 megawatts. That's an estimate. It's not necessarily indicative of the actual price.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, they already came out and stepped the framework for a multi-year plan, Ashar. The additional clarifications will be later this year. I don't think there's any set timeframe. But we anticipate we'll get that clarification prior to filing of 2014 rate case, which would include a multi-year proposal.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I would say it's partially correct. The -- there's a -- first of all, we have to file for interim rates and we would -- we have been receiving interim rates. But there's some limitations on what you can base your interim rate request on, Ashar. So -- and I've got Teresa and Scott here. I think it could have some impact. But the concept that you speak to is generally correct. So to the extent, as we've mentioned, that we have deferral mechanisms, those deferral mechanisms this year will fall right into '14 and would be part of our overall rate request in 2014.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I think it's -- I can't speak to whether or not it's sustainable, but we're seeing phenomenal pricing on wind, Stephen. And enough so that when we price of these things out, you can just make these things work economically on a fuel basis. So today, we could not lock into a 20-year strip of natural gas, with an assumed heat rate for less than we can lock in on wind projects for 20 years. So we're talking about prices, depending on the jurisdiction, in that $25 to $35 kind of megawatt per hour range. That's phenomenal. And of course, if I were to lock in a 20-year strip with natural gas, I wouldn't get any of the capacity value. And while we don't plan for wind because I have a big capacity value, so the economics aren't really based on its capacity. I can tell you what our analysis is showing is that in some of the peakiest, warmest summer days, the wind is blowing. And so we are getting capacity value out of it. So this is just, in my opinion, a home run for our customers. And we're happy to do it. And I think the other thing we've got going for us is that we were in a position where we didn't have to take any of these bids. So we were not a price taker; we could be a price maker. And again, that'll benefit our customers. And I think in the long run, anything that benefits our customersbenefits shareholders, provided it's not a little over ROE.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: We certainly understand that concern and that criticism, and it's -- there's a lot of things coming at once. Our nuclear investment for the next 20 years is a big part of that. But there's a whole host of things that we are investing in to make sure that we are prepared for the future and have a resilient distribution system, have the right amount of transmission. So there's a lot coming. I do think it starts to levelize off. So I think that dialogue, hopefully, we can have, is how we can make sure that we get adequate recovery of those investments but also be responsive to the pace of the regulatory filings that we're making. So more to come on that. We understand the issue. We understand that everybody wants this capital we spend, and we have to work with stakeholders, the commission, their staff, to figure out the best way forward. I think a multi-year framework is a good place to start with that. That gives us an opportunity to, I think, do some longer-range planning.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I mean, Ali, one of the things you'll notice is we had an earnings test in Colorado, and we had a refund back to customers, which tells you that we're slightly earning above our authorized return in 2013 for Colorado.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: So the mechanics were -- for the commission to determine, and that's what the -- it did earlier this year, they just established the framework.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: The framework is in place, so -- I mean, it is in place. And as you go through this the first time, there's always going to be questions about the mechanics and some of the more detailed rule -- rulings within. And that's the process we're in right now.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Wisconsin is by statue, is you file it every 2 years. So this, I think, would be a little bit different in that you can have a longer period of time, there's different rules. And you've got capital and some O&M costs that you can recover in potentially the second and third years.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yes, I mean, we'll have a number of opportunities. We've done it in the third quarter. I think we've done it at EEI. We've done it at different times. But we will definitely keep you updated as this thing develops.
Teresa S. Madden: Neil, this is Teresa. I mean, yes, we're definitely assuming that we will taper down, and we are working on several initiatives that involve productivity improvements, I mean, really across the company. And we do think we'll be able to execute on those that will tend to lower the trend in terms of the overall growth rate.
Teresa S. Madden: In terms of the next Minnesota rate case, we plan to file later this year for 2014, and we expect it to be a multi-year case. Now whether that will be a 2- or 3-year case, we have not developed all the details on that. In Colorado, as you know on the electric case, we're in a 3-year multi-year, which is '12, '13 and '14. So we would expect to file a case in Colorado for '15 around the middle of 2014.
Teresa S. Madden: I totally agree with that. And I think these aberrations in the weather on a shoulder month, as you indicated, we need to watch that.
Teresa S. Madden: I would agree with that. Over the next 5 years, maybe just as rule of thumb, our growth we're projecting to be at, consolidated, up to 1%. But Ben is actually -- he's very correct in terms of Minnesota, we're seeing the most erosion in sales.
Teresa S. Madden: Sure. Well, in terms of this, if we just have one, we could be around the $350 million; at 2 would be potentially closer to $600 million.
Teresa S. Madden: It could. And if, for example, the commission's order is different than the ALJ, that could also affect the change in terms of the level of what we're requesting in '14.
Teresa S. Madden: Yes, Ali, if you look at the, actually, the specific earnings guidance items, a number of them we have changed that are favorable. And the key ones are property taxes, AFUDC equity, interest expense and the lower effective tax rate. So a combination of all of those are the certain other items.
Teresa S. Madden: Yes, it's wherever we have a historical test year. SPS, we're doing -- Texas, we're doing better but it's still the biggest lag, continues to be.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, as I tried to indicate, at least, in my comments that clearly, it's applying to '13. We expect that to continue. After we get past '13, because of all the factors like pressure on ROEs, we could see that moderating down some. But more to come because we're in the middle of rate cases right now, and there's several other factors.
Teresa S. Madden: It really has to do -- it's the construction timing and the amount of it. It's the combination of those and how much short-term debt we have outstanding. In terms of less short-term debt, it tends to drive up the AFUDC rate, the equity rate. And so that -- those are the biggest drivers.
Teresa S. Madden: Right. If you file that all initially in Minnesota, where Wisconsin you come in every other year, but you have to reopen her.
Teresa S. Madden: We appreciate your participation in our second quarter earnings call. Please call Paul Johnson and the IR team with any follow-up questions. And thanks.
