Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, thank you, Paul, and good morning, everyone. Bob will discuss our quarterly results and provide a regulatory update. I want to give you a quick update on our steel-for-fuel program. We've made excellent progress on our steel-for-fuel strategy, and have proposed adding almost 3,400 megawatts of new wind to our systems by 2020. In addition, we plan to own more than 80% of this new wind generation. Let me give you a quick update on our major initiatives. As we've previously discussed, the Colorado Commission approved our 600-megawatt Rush Creek wind project in 2016. Rush Creek is progressing as planned and is expected to go into service in 2018. In Minnesota, we recently proposed adding 1,550 megawatts of new wind generation, which reflects ownership of 1,150 megawatts and power purchase agreements of 400 megawatts. We have requested that the Minnesota Commission approve this proposal no later than July. Finally, we also recently proposed adding 1,000 megawatts of self-build wind and 230 megawatts of power purchase agreements in Texas and New Mexico. We have requested that the commissions approve these projects and associated recovery mechanisms by the end of the year. As a result of our safe harbor actions in 2016, we're able to secure 100% of the production tax credit benefits and maximize savings for our customers. Based on current forecast, we estimate billions of dollars of savings over the life of these projects, which will offset the capital cost to the benefit of our customers. In addition to the financial benefits, we expect to continue our long trend of decarbonization and realize CO2 reductions of at least 45% by 2021. These are very exciting times for Xcel Energy as we continue to transform our fleet in a cost-effective manner. Our continued commitment to carbon reduction and renewables growth has once again been recognized by the American Wind Energy Association. Just last week, Xcel Energy was named the number one energy provider for the 12th consecutive year. This demonstrates our long-term vision and commitment to environmental leadership. So, with that, let me turn the call over to Bob who will provide more detail on our financial results and outlook and a regulatory update.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Okay. Well, clearly, if we get all of these projects approved and ultimately built, that would add about $700 million to that particular placeholder, that renewables placeholder. I do think it's important for you to recognize too though that there are moving parts. We'll probably extend some of our work on the advanced grid initiatives beyond 2021. In addition, we'll continue to look for steel-for-fuel. And we'll put all that together and wrap that around an updated forecast, which will come out in the third quarter. Of course, as you know, Ali, at that timeframe, we'll drop 2017 and add 2022. Recognize 2017 as a fairly heavy CapEx year for us. So I think the takeaway is, we continue to have really solid organic growth opportunities.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I think, again it's a lot of moving parts, but I think through the 2021 timeframe, we've got more upside than anything else. But I don't think you should just take $700 million and add that to the CapEx.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I'm going to turn it over to Bob. But, Ali, we've got a great balance sheet and, as you know, we don't have to do any equity at the 2018 for CapEx in this timeframe.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: And, Ali, part of our plan always has been to go into these longer-term regulatory compacts, which allow us to more effectively, I believe, manage to the revenue streams that we've been provided. And I think we're in the early days of what we can accomplish on sustainable cost control and process improvement. Clearly, we need to take a look at what happens at the macro level with overall revenues, et cetera, but our goal is to continue to close that gap.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, it's kind of all of the above, Julien. Our vision is to continue to decarbonize and do so in a way that allows us to save customers money, which sets up the dialogue, can you stay out of rate cases. And I think there's more to come on that. I think what we're seeing in our early efforts and initiatives to really focus on cost, I mean, it makes us confident that we can keep O&M flat. Can we do more? Well, we'll see. But I think it positions us very well going forward to manage the company. And part of that successful management will be to close that gap between what we actually earn and what we're authorized to earn. And I want to make it clear that there's always going to be some structural limitations there. I mean, things that our regulators don't allow us to recover, for example, executive comp, which is very important. Not to be too silly. But we'll continue to work towards closing that, as Bob mentioned, off of an average 9.6% and I think you'll continue to see us make progress.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I think we had a breakthrough, as you know, Julien, with Rush Creek. And that's owned, and that was a departure from the past. But just to step back, I absolutely do. I think we've demonstrated that we can build and own and do so at a fantastic price point for our customers, and it's our intention to expand upon that. And I firmly believe too, as we transition to this cleaner energy future, that we are the natural owner of many of these assets and should be and, quite frankly, have earned the right to be.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I'm not sure about the natural cadence of timing. Well, we're going to continue to look for opportunities. We file our standard resource plans. A lot of it has to do with what's next in decarbonization. So I don't know if that's a continuous kind of thing, like a little bit each quarter, or if it's going to be a little more lumpy as we go forward. But we will be going forward and that is the overall plan.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: To your point, first thing is hopefully get a successful reconsideration. We will look at legal options, including a petition to the Supreme Court. Julien, I don't think there's any merit to justify dismissing this case. There really isn't. But to your last point, yeah, and ultimately we'll look at re-filing the case in as quick as manner as possible to minimize the lag that we're suffering from. And I think we can do – I think all of those options can provide that pathway we need.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. So, Travis, maybe the way to think about it is, we were quite confident when we put that placeholder out for $3.5 billion that we would be able to find those steel-for-fuel opportunities and as Bob mentioned, for example, the self-build opportunities in the SPS jurisdictions, et cetera. But what we have found is that some of the bids were so compelling, and particularly some of the build-own-transfer bids, that not only did we fill our estimate of the $3.5 billion, but we've actually exceeded it with what is now on the table.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. Steel-for-fuel is definitely self-funding and I'd say it's a lot of money for our customers. But when you're investing in the grid, there is an impact to the consumer on that. And so we're just working, particularly in Colorado, with our stakeholders, the staff, regulators, et cetera, to make sure that the plan is within the pocketbook, if you will, on an annual basis from a customer's perspective. So we're not changing anything. I mean we're still going to move forward with all the advanced grid initiatives, but we might just go at a little bit more gradual pace. I don't think it's a major change. I just wanted to point that out to you. And we're going to continue to look for opportunities to optimize our capital spend from a consumer standpoint. At the same time, Jonathan, we continue to look for more steel-for-fuel opportunities. So the whole point there was – it's a little more complicated than just adding the CapEx to the $3.5 billion and saying that's the new CapEx forecast, which is why we update it on an annual basis, and we continue to plan to do that.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean, we're always looking. We always have opportunities and we're working with stakeholders across the board. I mean, I don't have anything specific to report on, but there's always activity.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. I don't think that really will be an issue with the wind filings. And quite frankly, I don't think it was an issue with our rate case filing. It was made an issue, to be perfectly blunt about it. And the key with these wind filings is, I think it's well-recognized that this is going to be very good for customers. It's going to be very good for regional economic development. And again, I think the amount of money that we're saving the customers, I think, justifies better regulatory recovery of not only the wind, but in general, better treatment for that region of the country, particularly New Mexico.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean, it's an integrated system. So just let me turn to – what is typically – I know, the wholesale, there's Texas and then there's New Mexico...
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I know this is going to save customers money. And so our ask is that, just like the customer gets immediate savings, we should be getting immediate recovery of those investments. That's the basic premise of our regulatory ask.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. The question will always be – I think everybody's going to be really appreciative of the customer savings, and what we have to do is convince them that there's a need to also to take care of the company and its shareholders that are putting up the capital for these investments. And that's concurrent recovery.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. I would think you, on both, the effort will be to do enter into multi-year plans. If I was going to handicap, then I would say we're very confident on the electric side and cautiously optimistic on the gas side.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, we'll periodically look at it. I will tell you, Andy, that we're certainly positioned in this period to be at the upper end of that 4% to 6%.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. I mean, there's no set timeframe. So it's – we look at it periodically and when we feel it needs to be adjusted, if it does need to be adjusted, we react accordingly.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yes. Steve, that's the right way to look at it. On the build-own-transfer, we won't earn AFUDC under construction. It's just a capital transfer at the close of the transaction.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah. Ali, we've reviewed this capital plan with the agencies, and they were comfortable with our financing plan. If we had any material change to our forward capital plan, we'd obviously go back and work with the agencies on the financing plan for any change in that forecast. But, right now, I think we're comfortable with where we're at. And as Ben indicated, we don't expect to issue equity under this capital plan.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah. I don't think we've pushed those analytics that far, Ali. I mean, suffice to say that if we decided to spend more capital and we had more initiatives, I think you'd have to think about the character of that capital, what years it would come in relative to our current forecast. As you know, with this wind build, we've got 2018, 2019 and 2020 are pretty high capital years for the company. So, if you're talking about adding capital in 2021 or something different, that's different than adding capital to the front end of that cycle. So I think there's a lot of moving pieces in that question.
Robert C. Frenzel: Sure. As you imply, in the slide deck, we referenced what is the regulated operating company ROE on a consolidated regulated basis of around 8.8%. That's a little bit lower than our run rate at 12/31, predominately due to the weather impacts in the first quarter. We expect 2017 to look a lot like 2016 in terms of earned ROE. And when you think about that as compared to our allowed ROEs, our weighted average allowed is probably 9.6%, so that leaves an ROE gap of 50 to 60 basis points.
Robert C. Frenzel: We always try to close that gap. It's been a strategic initiative for the company for a while. Obviously, as you're building in regulatory jurisdictions that have historic test years and lag periods in rate-makings, that's going to cause some natural lag. And there's some items that cause some natural leakage. But I think that that's a focus area for the customer to continue to try and close that gap.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah. Sure. So what we discussed today was the totality of the newbuilds in each of our jurisdictions. Ben mentioned Rush Creek, that's been previously in our capital plan and was approved by the Colorado Commission, and it's under construction. We announced new wind in our Upper Midwest system, 1,550 megawatts, 750 megawatts of self-build, 400 megawatts of build transfer and 400 megawatts of PPAs. I think what was new was probably the 400 megawatts of the self-build proposal, which, as Ben indicated, could be somewhere around $700 million of capital if all of our projects were approved, in addition to the original capital program. And then, obviously in the Southwest, at our SPS Company, we had a 1,000 megawatts of self-build and 200 megawatts of PPAs. And I think all of that 1,000 megawatts of self-build is included in our capital estimates that we talked about back at EEI.
Robert C. Frenzel: Travis, with the challenging weather we saw in the first quarter, we expect – and our plan is actually expected the back half of the year to have higher earnings in the first quarter anyway. So I don't think that the weather in and of itself prevents us from achieving our earnings. In fact, we're confirming our earnings as part of this call.
Robert C. Frenzel: That's just a rule of thumb on the sales. And then I'd add to Ben's response about allocation. The question in the New Mexico case was finding the allocated cost drivers. The question was not with regards to how much was allocated to New Mexico. So it wasn't an issue of the cost being allocated. It was the issue of finding the information.
Robert C. Frenzel: Chris, I think we indicated that we expect to file gas and electric probably in the next quarter or so separately but shortly thereafter each other. And so I don't think the strategy on the timing of the filing is any different than what we've previously communicated.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah. Andy, that's a good way to characterize some of the initiatives we have in progress, including our productivity through technology initiative. But, as you know and are well aware, we've held our O&M costs flat for the past three years and our guidance is to keep them in that range. And so, as we continue to look at different ways to continue to bend the cost curve, whether it's through supply chain, commercialization efforts or technology that drives efficiency, you should expect the company to continue to look for opportunities to continue to bend the cost curve.
Robert C. Frenzel: I think that's a fair way to characterize. I mean, we do have structural cost increases in the company, whether it's bargaining unit labor agreement or other labor merit and inflationary pressures or third-party contractual arrangements that may have inflators in them. So we constantly have to bend the cost curve just to stay flat and we're very aggressively attempting to do that.
Robert C. Frenzel: You'd only earn AFUDC if there's a progress payment. And we don't really have progress payments in these projects.
Robert C. Frenzel: Well, thanks, everybody, for your time today. If you have any follow-up questions, please don't hesitate to give our Investor Relations department a call.
