Bob Frenzel: Thanks, Greg, its Bob. It’s a great question. As we give guidance, we do expect modest increases in O&M over the next year or two as we bring the wind onto the system, and we spend some money in very strategic areas like cyber and wildfire risk mitigations. Over the longer term, we expect to keep O&M flat, probably beyond the 2021 period. And that includes substantial cost curve bending as we absorb increases in salaries and bargaining unit increases and increases from suppliers, looking for upticks in our contracts and things like that. So it's a continuous effort, but I think the guidance for us is flat in 2022 and beyond to what is 2021.
Bob Frenzel: Yes. Insoo, its Bob. Thanks for the question, and appreciate you on the call. I think our sales forecast is reasonably conservative. We did have some discrete declines in our large C&I customers in 2019 that we don't expect to continue in 2020. And underlying those discrete items, we do have strong customer growth, which is slightly moderated by use per customer. But I think our forecast is as expected, and we don't expect to adjust that from guidance.
Bob Frenzel: Yes, Travis, I'll add real quick. Our year-over-year fuel cost decline was about $325 million. And while half of that was just lower commodity prices, natural gas and coal, the rest of that is our steel-for-fuel program coming home to roost to the benefit of our customers. And while we are investing steel into the ground and have capital cases for recovery, you're seeing the real benefit on the fuel line. And that does accrete to the customers, and it provides some headroom in the bill for us for continued investments in the distribution and transmission grids, which we know we need.
Bob Frenzel: Yes. Ali, its Bob. Our weighted average regulated ROE is about 9.4% across all of our jurisdictions and we still have approximately 50 basis points of leakage and lag in that. So high-8%s is probably a good number right now.
Bob Frenzel: I do mostly driven by a lower ROE in Colorado electric case. We're still working on trying to close that ROE gap, and we think we have some opportunity over the longer term to do that.
Bob Frenzel: Well, thanks everyone for participating in our call this morning. We look forward to seeing you out on the road this quarter. Please contact our Investor Relations teams with any follow-up questions. Thank you.
Ben Fowke: Well, Greg, it's Ben. I think, historically, there's been a lot of differences in the pure T&D utility with no customers in ERCOT, like Centerpoint. And a vertically integrated company, like SPS, outside of ERCOT. And you see that we've been in front of the regulator numerous times in the last five years and the equity ratios are what they are as well as the ROE. So I think the more relevant case that I'd look to as I think about how Texas might get resolved, it's actually the settlement we had in New Mexico. As you know, Greg, many of the same interveners in Mexico are going to be the same ones in Texas. So we'll obviously look at those cases, but we're cautiously optimistic that we'll have some opportunities to potentially settle the Texas case in the March time frame of this year.
Ben Fowke: Well it’s a really good question. I think Clean Energy First basically codifies what we're already planning to do. And so this would be the second time that it was – where the state is looking to legislate that Clean Energy First legislation. And I think there will be some opportunities that come out of it. For us, it's important that we make sure we do this in the most efficient way possible. We recognize the very strong importance of our nuclear energy. And we recognize the fact that as we close and shut coal plants on a voluntary basis to achieve that 80% carbon reduction that our investors have some opportunities to be rewarded as well. So we'll see where it goes. We're going to move forward. We're filing our IRP plan, and that's, as you know, that's – so we've filed it, rather, and that will be discussed throughout the year. And it's – and I think it's a pretty extraordinary plan, which has a lot of renewables, some gas, the continuation of our nuclear plants. So I think we're well positioned.
Ben Fowke: Well, I think it's helpful, and that's the short answer. The 60% PTC extension allows you to lock in technology through 2024 with a 60% PTC. So I think that will potentially create some more opportunities, to your point, for repowering, Julien. We – as you know, we don't have those opportunities embedded in our forecast, but we are certainly going to be looking for those opportunities.
Ben Fowke: Well, I mean, we pushed it out a year, and I think the terms were constructive. We – unless we can figure out a way to push it out another year, we'll file in November, with interim rates to go into effect in January of, I guess, that would be 2021. So I don't really have much more details than that. We were pleased to work with the staff and stay out. I think that allows us to focus on the resource plan, and it's nice to be able to take a little burden off the staff too as they've got quite a workload. So could we stay out another year? Well, I don't know. But I guess, I can't add much more color than that, Julien. That's where we are.
Ben Fowke: Well, I think you're still seeing the technologies fall in price. The – you then have to match that up with the – where we are with PTCs and ITCs. But as we just talked about, that 60% extension, I think, is going to be helpful. Without that 60% PTC extension, Travis, I would have told you that perhaps we'll see some bump up in wind, and we still might. And which is why I'm really pleased we locked down the 100%. I think that's a no-regret strategy in every sense of the word. But I think the technology is still going to compete head on with fossil alternatives, even in a low natural gas environment. Of course, the key that I think is important to that is that we will put more renewables on the big grid that we're all connected to than anybody else, but we're going to need more than just renewables and battery storage. Renewables will be our biggest source of energy by the mid-2020s. But as you see in our IRP in Minnesota, and we'll address this in Colorado next year, we're also going to need to back up that wind with natural gas. And then ultimately, we're going to need to start developing technologies, carbon-free dispatchable technologies that will allow us to achieve our goal of a zero percent carbon system by 2050. So maybe that's a little bit long-winded, but I thought I'd throw that out there for you, Travis. That's the plan. I will also add Travis, our industry is really, really stepping up to the challenge of carbon reduction. I mean we're proud to have been the first to establish the goal. But if you go down the line and add up what utilities are doing, it is really significant, and I'm quite proud of this industry.
Ben Fowke: So, our goal is to look for PPA buyout opportunities or repowering opportunities with the benefits flowing to the customers. So that means putting them in regulated operations and into rate base. That's always been the plan. Of course, we offer that as well for a gas fired plant in Mankato, and commission decided the benefits which were primarily back-end loaded weren't sufficient enough to go forward. So we made the decision that we would – the asset was important enough and we thought – valuable enough that we would hold it in our portfolio, but as a non-reg selling into the utility under long-term power purchase agreement. But I try to say you that more is an anomaly than anything else and I would challenge anybody to find a utility that is more focused and has more of their growth – 100% of their growth coming from regulated operations. There's nobody that's more pure play and vertically integrated than Xcel Energy, and that's the way we mean to keep it.
Ben Fowke: Ali, I think it's important to note, though, that we are – I will tell you, we are disappointed in the ROE we received in Colorado. But as Bob mentioned, there were some positive things there, too. But as you – as we're into the end of January, and we see the puts and takes that we've had so far, I would tell you that we are solidly positioned to be in the middle of our earnings guidance range.
Ben Fowke: Well, I don't – if the right opportunities are there, there are no constraints. And we're focused on CapEx that helps reduce total bills for our customers. And where we can find those opportunities, if it's a PPA buyout, that's great, if; it's trading O&M for capital, that's great; if it's more steel for fuel, that saves customers money on their fuel bill, more than offsets the capital cost and the associated return, that's great. We're always going to be looking for that. And longer term, I think we're in the early days of beneficial electrification and saving customers' money on their total energy bill with EVs and other opportunities.  So I'm excited about the capital opportunities we have to invest. And I think we've demonstrated we can grow our regulated rate base, again, it's 100% of where we get our earnings from and keep our bills flat for our customers.
Ben Fowke: So I don't – I wouldn't categorize it that way. Boulder has been – we've been talking about Boulder for 10 years now and probably will be talking about it at least for another five. And that's more centric, I think, to Boulder, and we continue to, I think, do quite well on a legal basis there with supportive commission decisions as well. As far as the regulatory environment in Colorado, yes, I mentioned, Bob and I both did, we're disappointed in a 9.3% ROE. We think we're one of one of the best-performing utilities in the nation, and that ROE, quite frankly, doesn't reflect that. So likely look for reconsideration on that.  But longer term, Sophie, I believe that what we're doing – and what we're doing was codified in the law, last legislative session, we're highly aligned with what our customers and our stakeholders want to see in Colorado. And when I think about how you achieve long-term success, that's exactly how you do it, align with stakeholders and then execute on a crisp basis and that is what Xcel is doing, and I think that bodes well for future success. 
Ben Fowke: Yes. Well, Andy, I think that is a very good question. It's a challenging question because we're going to need natural gas to achieve that 80% carbon reduction that I mentioned. And early action is pretty darn important in addressing the risk of climate change. So we're going to get pushed back on natural gas. But I think the key is to make sure that people understand, you shouldn't make perfection be the enemy of a great plan.  And we're moving away from coal completely here in the Upper Midwest. That's the plan. We're going to need gas to back it up. We had a – this time last year, we were on a polar vortex. Reliability is critical. So I think we've got a really pragmatic plan. Our challenge as an industry, Andy, is going to be making sure that people see that 2050 is a long way away. We're going to need different types of innovation. We'll put as much renewables and battery storage on the grid, but experts tell us that the big grid that we're all connected to does get saturated, depending on where you are in the country, between 50% and 70%.  That's amazing. That's the big grid. But that's where we're – but after that, we're going to need things to back it up and ultimately, new technologies. So as part of the leadership of EEI, that's a message I want to get out there. Now as far as the LDC goes and as far as using natural gas, I think our industry needs to be more demanding of upstream methane emissions. I think that's really important, and we can do something that. We need to double down on energy efficiency on the gas side. And then ultimately, I think we need to look at potentially using renewable gas or hydrogen made out of carbon-free energy and other things and start blending that in the resource mix.  I will also tell you that here in the Upper Midwest, heat pumps and things like that are pretty tough to make work, at least with today's technology. So – and we've got of keep customers warm. So it's a challenging issue, but I think with the right messaging and demonstrating we've got a great plan, I think we can persevere there. 
Ben Fowke: No, Paul. I hope I didn't give that impression. I mean our goal is to keep our total bills to customers at or below the CPI index. And if you look back on some of our – and look in our investor deck, you can see that we've done that over the last five years. Now what – the other – you will see increases as well in the KWH rate but remember, that's only one component of a total bill. So we're really focused on keeping bills, again, CPI or less as we go through this time frame.  And our analysis says we can with the right deployment of technology and supportive public policy. That's really important because you can also make it much more expensive than it needs to be. But – and That's where we are.
Ben Fowke: Well, I mean, we're always open to new ideas, but I think you have to be pretty cautious when you start addressing those sorts of things, Paul. And we do file a number of cases and – that we spent a lot of time on calls like this, talking about it, but we've got a great track record of managing that. And we've got, I think, a very good track record of aligning with policymakers, which, again, on a long-term basis, gets you where you need to be. So in my experience, some of those mechanisms aren't necessarily good for the companies that have them – that have those in place. They can be, but they can also be harmful as well. 
Ben Fowke: Performance-based ratemaking is great, but sometimes it's not symmetrical, I guess. So that's – so we're pretty pragmatic about that.
Ben Fowke: Well, I mean, first of all, thank you for recognizing what we do with our coal plants up here. I mean I think that working with the commission here, I thought that was a great example of partnership. And moving from must run to economic dispatch, I think that was a positive first step. The commission is very interested in understanding how a pause in coal dispatch could work as we start to ready for the day when we don't have any coal in the upper Midwest. So I think it's – the Midwestern way to kind of be pragmatic about how we approach this going forward.  And to your point Paul, I think there are opportunities across our system to look at how we dispatch our coal plants particularly when you look at the variable costs of things like steel for fuel and renewable energy. So we're definitely looking at that down in the SPS region. We've got some water issues that we need to address, and that could be solved with some seasonal dispatch. So, again, with economics in mind, so – yeah, it does look for us – to look for more opportunities like we're doing here in the upper Midwest.
