Robert C. Frenzel: I think that really depends on what we see in ultimate and final bids from the process, which are still pending. I think a good estimate is probably 50 basis points higher in rate base CAGR.
Robert C. Frenzel: No. I don't think the DRIP at $385 million, as we indicated in our third quarter call, was likely sort of the large size of the dividend reinvestment program. I think the $300 million we'd contemplate in a market issuance.
Robert C. Frenzel: Travis, it's Bob. We've had a lot of constructive dialogues across almost all of our jurisdictions at this point, particularly the ones where we've got pending rate cases with Texas, New Mexico and the two cases in Colorado. I think the regulators and the stakeholders in all those cases are contemplating the impacts of tax reform either as parts of those cases or as adjuncts to those cases. So, I don't think it impacts the timing or the estimate of our rate case revenues that we're expecting in either 2018 or 2019. I guess the one consideration I'd say there is our filed case or our filed testimony in South Dakota contemplates potentially we're under-earning in South Dakota and it contemplates potentially not filing a rate case as part of tax reform.
Robert C. Frenzel: Travis, one other thing I'd just say is I'd point you to the earnings release. We put an entire page of where we are in dialogue with each of our regulatory jurisdictions. That should give you a pretty good guide as to the conversations we've had to-date and where we expect those to go over the next sort of three to six months.
Robert C. Frenzel: We haven't actually spent a lot of time on pinpointing exact dates. It's probably more front-loaded than back-loaded, but it really will depend on the conversations with both the regulatory agencies and how we approach tax reform and credit in our operating companies, as well as the conversations we have with the rating agencies following those conversations. So I wouldn't expect it to be backdated, but we do affirm that the $2.37 to $2.47 is good for this year.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah, similar comments. Again, I'd say the capital is probably a 2019, 2020, 2021 issue. Most of the stuff in 2018 is underway and in progress, but I think that any trimming of capital is probably a little bit more backdated in the plan.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah. I think the last equity issuance, and I'm looking around the room, the last equity issuance predated me, but I believe it was at-the-money issuance.
Robert C. Frenzel: I think, Andy, I'll consider all opportunities to get it done effectively. But an at-the-market is probably the base case and we see what the alternatives look like.
Robert C. Frenzel: Thanks, everyone, for participating in our earnings call this morning. And please contact our Investor Relations team with any follow-up questions.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah, this is Ben. I think we've had obviously preliminary, but constructive dialogues with all of our regulators. And I think the importance of strong credit ratings is not lost on them, so higher equity ratio is a dialogue we're having at SPS. And I think there'll be other dialogues around higher equity ratios potentially, maybe increased amortization which also contributes to cash flow. And I think our regulators are going to look at tax reform. Everybody recognized the benefits to the consumer, but I think they're going to also make sure that balance sheet stay strong. So, we're encouraged by what we've heard so far.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean that's – I think one of the things that we would hope for is that if the $400 million of revenues that we're going to stream ultimately back to the consumers if we get higher equity ratios, et cetera, that could help offset the tax yield difference that we have at the holdco.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, there'll be a docket in Minnesota, Travis, to discuss the effects of tax reform. We're still in the multi-year plan, but we'll figure out a way to account for that either through an accounting deferral or some actual actions. In Colorado, that's your next question, we're having dialogues right now as we're in an active rate case and we have settlements, not unanimous settlements, that we'll be presenting to the commission. And back to my earlier comment about constructive dialogue, I think our commissions appreciate that we're bringing them options. And, essentially, this is complicated, educating them on the full holistic implications of tax reform.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I think too, just to add to that $500 million, it's really maybe a quiet story at Xcel, but we are really improving our supply chain efficiency. You're seeing that in our results with O&M, but you're also going to see that in our ability I think to, on a per unit basis, get things done more efficiently. I can't be more pleased with how well our nuclear operations are performing both operationally and financially. And when you become more efficient, you can get more done with less capital. So we don't have any specific projects targeted to take out now. We just know there are opportunities to do that.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I think that's right. I mean, I'll let Bob add. But the point is, and I think you picked up on Andy. So this is a iterate process. We need to have the conversations with our regulators. They need to give us the signals on what's important to them, and I do think credit quality will be important to them. So, again, as I mentioned earlier, we're having I think good preliminary dialogues across the board in all of our eight states.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. You think about it Andy, I mentioned that essentially tax reform adds $1.3 billion to our rate base, but that's even after – that's net of the reducing CapEx by $500 million. So it's not a lot of equity to support credit ratings and we are committed to credit ratings. But that's why at the end of the day even with modest amounts of equity, assuming we have constructive dialogues with the regulators, which I think we are having, this will be accretive to our earnings growth.
