Paul Johnson: Good morning, and welcome Xcel Energy's 2023 Second Quarter Earnings Call. Joining me today are Bob Frenzel, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Van Abel, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In addition, we have other members of the management team in the room to answer your questions if needed. This morning, we will review our 2023 second quarter results and highlights and share recent business developments. Slides that accompany today's call are available on our website. As a reminder, some of the comments during today's call may contain forward-looking information. Significant factors that could cause results to differ from those anticipated are described in our earnings release and our SEC filings. Today, we will discuss certain metrics that are non-GAAP measures. Information on the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations are included in our earnings release. And with that, I'll turn it over to Bob Frenzel.
Paul Johnson: Yes. And Anthony, we really can't go beyond what we've already said in the disclosure. So we have to limit the questions on that.
Paul Johnson: And Carly, I would just add, we have another pilot in Colorado [indiscernible], which is a liquid metal technology that we'll have online in 2024. That's a to duration, so kind of call it mid duration. So we're spending a lot of time on this new technology. And I think also longer term, if we kind of broaden the definition of energy storage, green hydrogen is a form of energy storage as we think about longer term, be able to store and then burn it through some of our firm to stash all units longer term. So we're pretty excited about a lot of you call it new technologies and glad really happy to see how excited our Minnesota commission is on form energy with the unanimous approval of that project.
Paul Johnson: There's not a date, Steve, but we expect that the commissioner rule probably in the middle of August, whole deliberations in the middle of August.
Paul Johnson: Steve, you asked about timing. The statutory deadline in August 22. And they haven't missed a statutory deadline yet, but what we're hearing is that there's still a lot of uncertainty around the position of it outlined given some of the polarizing viewpoints. So it certainly could slip into September or October.
Brian Van Abel: Sure. Hey, good morning, Jeremy and thanks for the question. So I think I'll hit on it a couple of different ways. Talk about kind of the near-term actions and we think about it. How do we hit our year-end O&M guidance? One is we look at second half of last year we had elevated O&M, if you look at versus the first half of last year, and particularly in Q4 as there was some one-time items in Q4 relative to having a good year, investing in the system. And then there are some impacts this year where we've had some timing of generation outages earlier in this year. And we also expect bad debt expense to decline. We saw some higher bad debt expense levels given the commodity price impacts earlier in this year. So as I think about that, bad debt expense level should be more sustainable. You have some timing and generation outages, but then we're also looking at a number of what I call it near-term and long-term opportunities. Near-term is what you'd call more one-time discretionary items around program spend, consulting, third-party contracts and variable compensation levers, more traditional management initiatives. But I think we're spending a lot of time on longer-term initiatives around our Innovation and Transformation team. We've invested heavily in driving what we call waste elimination and process improvements across our orgs. And then we're also investing heavily in technology. You heard me, I've talked about before something we call the Digital Operations Factory, which is focused on using AI in our operations. We started that in nuclear with our Corrective Action program. Now we're rolling that out to distribution and gas in our field operations and that's using traditional AI. We're also looking at now use cases for Gen AI. So as we look at it, our goal is to hit 3% down for the year. Longer term, our goal is to kind of keep O&M flat. And as Bob said, we've done that for nearly a decade and so we have some work to do to get there a balance of a year, but then think longer term O&M flat as we go forward.
Brian Van Abel: No, I don't think it does. I think about our long-term assumptions and our long-term 5% to 10% earnings growth rate. We continue to expected to leverage on upper half of that long-term guidance.
Brian Van Abel: Yes, the reconsideration, its -- we need to file for reconsideration 20 days after the written order, so that's coming up. And so certainly we will file for reconsideration right around ROE, around the decision on the prepaid pension asset and some other expense levels. And we're hopeful the Minnesota Commission will take that up and look at hard at our reconsideration filing, and they have 60 days once -- they have 60 days to decide. So that's the process.
Brian Van Abel: Yes, so I mean, we've spent a lot of -- I would call it an industry collaboration on how we work this through our financials. And so not only worked with a lot of our peer utilities who've also worked with the big four accounting firms. And so every renews going to be in accordance with GAAP, it's going to -- we'll take the income tax approach. It's going to flow through our income tax expense line. That will also flow through cash from operations. And so I think it's pretty straightforward. And I know there's been a lot of discussion whether it will show up in the FFO to debt metrics. So I feel pretty good about it because it absolutely will reflect economics of our underlying financials. And it is -- for us, right, it will be a reoccurring cash flow benefit as we look to monetize these tax credits. So I feel pretty good about how it will be reflected across the rating agencies and we've spent time with each of those talking them through that. And like I said, also worked closely with the big 4 accounting firms and generally approach the whole industry will take.
Brian Van Abel: Yes. So sitting here today, six months of the year, right, we're tracking to midpoint of the guidance. And I'll give you a little bit more color, right? I think about it in kind of three buckets. First is execution of our -- on our O&M plans, which I talked about earlier. Second is we build additional rate case revenue that will come in the door in the second half of the year, particularly with the Colorado rate case in flight, the New Mexico rate case in flight and then there's still continued to benefit from Wisconsin last year. And then we do have expected continued sales growth in our service territories. And so those are really the three buckets that I think about it in targeting midpoint of guidance. And obviously, as we normally do in Q3, we will look at where we are in Q3, investing to tighten guidance.
Brian Van Abel: Yes. And Julien, the insurance coverage is included in our disclosure is approximately $500 million.
Brian Van Abel: Sophie, yes, if I think about sales and really looking at the weather normalized sales, we continue to see really strong growth on the C&I side out of SPS and in Q2 on a weather normalized basis. We had strength in Minnesota and Wisconsin to Colorado on a year-to-date basis on C&I. There is a large manufacturing facility was down for the first quarter in the first quarter of this year in Colorado. So that had some weakness on the residential side, the residential while we're down close to 1% for the year. It's tracking in line with our forecast or expectations for the year, right? We continue to see good customer growth, but we do see continued use for customer declines as our -- we have really strong energy efficiency and DSM program. So I think overall, it is tracking both on the C&I side and on the resi side, is tracking to expectations for kind of through the first six months and for the balance of the year with our guidance on sales.
Brian Van Abel: Yes, Carly, good question. And we fully expect to continue delivering in the upper half of our 5% to 7% long-term guidance. So that's unchanged. I think you mentioned the incremental opportunities that we have. And I think in Bob's comments, he mentioned the Sherco Solar free Farm, the SPS, the 418 megawatts of solar farms that are going to provide significant customer benefits in SPS. We filed that CCN yesterday. So those 2 together are north of $1 billion of clean energy investments that will benefit our customers that are outside of our current capital plan. And I think longer term, right, we'll file here in Q3 or preferred plan or with the Colorado Commission around our RFP going into that, those decided pre IRA with the commission ruled on that resource spend before we could layer on the significant benefits significant customer benefits of the IRA. So when we look at how the costs are coming in relative to what was approved, we believe we will go bigger and faster and above what the initial 4,000 megawatts of renewables in stored showed. So we're excited to work with our Colorado Commission on that, look for that filing in Q3 and hopefully give a decision then even more longer term in the next 18 to 24 months, we'll be filing more RFPs in Minnesota, Colorado and SPS for further significant additions of clean energy assets as we march towards a 0 by 2030 goal. So I'm pretty excited about it, pretty excited about long-term opportunities, and we do feel good about delivering in the upper half of our long-term guidance range.
Brian Van Abel: We haven't disclosed the cost, Ryan, and every year we renew our insurance program, and we continue to look at that. Insurance program is for everything is based on market experience for the insurance companies. And as you can imagine, it gets more challenged all the time, that's not just related to wildfire, but that's what all we have to say about insurance.
Brian Van Abel: Thank you all for participating in our earnings call this morning. Please contact our Investor Relations team with any follow-up. Thank you.
Robert Frenzel: Hey, Jeremy, it's Bob. I appreciate the question. As you know, we've been operating under -- in Colorado under a Wildfire Mitigation Plan that was instituted probably more than three years ago. And that plan is due to be refreshed in Colorado at the end of this year. And we expect to propose continuation of existing programs and new programs in Colorado that understand the volatility of weather in the west and the footprint of the Colorado company in particular. So we're still working through that. Nothing specific right now, but certainly looking at everything that we can in terms of the risk and the opportunities to strengthen our own system and make sure that we protect our communities and our customers.
Robert Frenzel: Look I think, as I said in my opening remarks, we feel like we've run a really good utility in Minnesota and across our eight states, focusing on our customers and our communities and helping our states achieve their policy objectives around clean energy and clean transportation. And the outcome, I'll say, was disappointing for two reasons. Paul and Brian mentioned one, which was -- it was inconsistent with previous decisions in Minnesota that have been 94 to 965. But equally important, probably didn't recognize what I think Xcel Energy is a national leading utility in advancing a lot of these initiatives. Making sure we do it reliably and affordably and sustainably. We'll continue to review our investment opportunities and our programs in the state, but I think generally really confident that this is our headquarters state. We want to work proactively with the Governor and the legislature and the PUC to advance these initiatives.
Robert Frenzel: Yes, hey Julien, it's Bob, and thanks for the question. And here's what I can say about Marshall right now. The Boulder County share report concluded that the Marshall Fire first ignited on the property of the Twelve Tribes and that this ignition was unrelated to our equipment. With respect to the cause of a second ignition which began an hour after the first, we strongly disagree with the conclusion of the Sheriff's report, and we will vigorously defend ourselves in court. The Sheriff's report concluded that there were no design or installation or maintenance defects or deficiencies in public services, electrical circuit in the area of the second ignition. And so regarding the litigation, there's a hearing in September where we expect to learn more about the procedural next steps, additional information on the lawsuit and the legal standards are included in our disclosures in our earnings release and in our 10-Q. Given the lawsuits, I don't think we're going to comment any further beyond those particular disclosures. I'll let Brian comment on insurance coverage, but other than that, I think we're going to stick to our disclosure statements.
Robert Frenzel: Yes, it's all included in disclosures an entire page of disclosures in the earnings release in the Q.
Robert Frenzel: As I mentioned, look, we have a September hearing where we're going to learn a lot more about the procedural schedule, and we'll know more of that.
Robert Frenzel: No. Anthony, that will all be decided within the rate case decision that the commission will make here in Q3. So they deliver -- they had hearings on it in July, and so it's all part of the record. So it's kind of either the $95 million one or the alternative if you defer some additional depreciation is $47 million. And that $48 million difference is just the deferral of depreciation. So all will be decided.
Robert Frenzel: It's Bob. We look, we -- as a company, we certainly have a view on nuclear, both current and future. Key priority for us is preserving the existing nuclear fleet and making sure that -- there's a potential for a nuclear future for the country. We have been working with a company called NuScale on their technology. It's an SMR technology mostly helping them through the nuclear regulatory process and making sure that their applications meet the NRC guidelines and hoping to get that, that technology can get through the regulatory process. We don't have plans as a company to own or operate a SMR at this point. We really are just taking our nuclear expertise and helping with the nuclear future for that company with -- so we don't have any specific plans to announce on SMRs in specifics.
Robert Frenzel: Yes, happy to. Look, as we think about it as a company, first utility to announce 100% carbon free. Given our geographic position, our ability to transition with wind and solar cost effectively for our customers through the end of this decade allowed us to make an interim target of an 80% carbon reduction, we feel very confident in that. But we've always been focused on we need new technology, new research, development and deployment of new technologies to achieve our 100% goal in the nation's clean energy goal One of the big pieces of that is obviously energy storage. We have a lot of lithium ion for our batteries around the country, and we have some on our own systems. The long-duration energy storage is a critical part of the energy future. And so the Form Energy battery is a 100-megawatt hour battery. So instead of 4 hours, it's 4 days. And that's a nice asset class as we think about periods when the wind doesn't blow and the sun doesn't shine. And we've seen evidence of that as recently as early June of this year. In the Southwest, where we had very limited wind production. We've seen it in polar vortexes, where in Winter Storm Uri, where we had no wind production for almost a 3-day period. So this idea of a long-duration battery is really interesting. What's exciting about Form, in particular, it's a pretty old technology really. This was found by the Department of Energy almost 60 years ago. But it's becoming commercializable by a new company, Form Energy and they're a breakthrough energy VC-funded company, an Energy Impact Partners-funded company. And the technology is pretty interesting. I want to call it simple because that would minimize the impact and the efforts of the development team and the founders of that company but it's basically resting and de rusting iron. And the great part about that is iron is readily available. It's domestically available, not subject to counter parties and regimes in the world where we have challenges. And so when I think about new technologies, sometimes it's not the best that wins, it's the one that's most commercializable and the 1 that can deploy the fastest. And I was really proud to be in West Virginia last month and breaking ground with the Form Energy team with Secretary Grand Home and Sender Mansion. We're building an 800-megawatt capable factory in West Virginia as we speak, with low guarantees and grants from the government. So this is a technology that's going to come to fruition. It's a technology that's going to be scalable. We're really pleased to be their first partner in sales of that, but it's a pilot. It's 10 megawatts and we're going to put it on a 9,000 megawatt system. So we have a great opportunity to build it with them and invest alongside and then the breakthrough energy grants and the potential DOE grants buy down that cost and buy down that risk for the company. So very exciting technology, really excited about the future, what this can mean.
Robert Frenzel: Yes. Steve, it's Bob. My understanding is that claims are a 2-year deadline. So that would say the end of this year is when claims need to be filed.
Robert Frenzel: Yes, Steve, it's Bob. Thanks for the question. We've been very active in clean fuels in general and hydrogen in particular. Look, philosophically, we believe that we're going to undergo a large period of electrification over the next 10 or 20 years as a country and as a company, but that there are parts of the economy that are going to be difficult or expensive or even in some cases, impossible to electrify. And therefore, we feel like we need a clean molecule to help in those areas. And today, that's natural gas. But tomorrow, most promising molecule that we see is a green hydrogen molecule. And this looks like it's an opportunity for the company. It's another version of fuel for fuel at some level. set of government supportive of it. The states are supportive of it. And we've got two hydrogen hub applications. One in the Rocky Mountain region with MOUs from four states two of which we serve Colorado and New Mexico as well as Utah and Wyoming. And then here in the upper Midwest, five-state MOU, again, two of which three of it that we serve, Wisconsin, Minnesota, North Dakota and Montana. And we're in front of the DOE, those have progressed through the process, and we expect to know by the end of the year, whether we're going to get duly loan -- grants for hydrogen. And I think you're aware of some of the challenges around what qualifies for a tax credit in hydrogen land. And I think there's sort of three areas of sort of debate. And what we're trying to do is balance cost to the customer and a need to accelerate OEMs to build and take us down the technology curve of electrolyzers and balance of plant. And I think about those as location generation matching and then additionality. So with respect to location, we've been -- in all three of those on one end, we think we need flexibility in all three of those categories. On the location, we've been supporting as a company, a balancing area type location, but certainly not national, which causes real market distortions and challenges with generation nationally. Similarly on matching, I think that the pure level would say we need hourly matching, but we probably need some transition period to get to that strict hourly matching. And so we've been supportive of some period of time where maybe by the end of the decade or late this decade, we've got hourly matching, but we'll go to annually matching for some period of time. And then with additionality, again, very supportive of the additionality as a concept but areas of flexibility there. One, we would really support nuclear in regards to additionality, and we have supported pretty vocally that as well as any sort of otherwise back down energy we would support that as additionality if it came back into the grid. And so very active -- we're very active at EEI, we're very active. And I think those are generally in line with principles that both of those organizations are supporting.
