Paul Johnson: Good morning, and welcome to Xcel Energy's 2022 Second Quarter Earnings Call. Joining me today are Bob Frenzel, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Van Abel, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. In addition, we have other members of the management team in the room to answer your questions if needed.  This morning, we will review our 2022 results, share recent business and regulatory developments. Slides that accompany today's call are available on our website. As a reminder, some comments made during today's call may contain forward-looking information. Significant factors that could cause results to differ from those anticipated are described in our earnings release and our SEC filings. Today, we will discuss certain metrics that are non-GAAP measures. Information on the comparable GAAP measures and reconciliations are included in our earnings release. With that, I'll turn it over to Bob.
Paul Johnson: And the estimate does not include any competitive bid. So if we choose to be competitively bid and we're successful, that would be incremental to the $1.2 billion.
Paul Johnson: It also be noted that Brian didn't go to bed last night. So he's doing all the math on this. So take that with a grain of salt.
Brian Van Abel: Thanks, Bob, and good morning, everyone. We had another solid quarter, recording earnings of $0.60 per share for the second quarter of 2022, compared with $0.58 per share in 2021. The most significant earnings drivers for the quarter included the following: higher electric and natural gas margins increased earnings by $0.25 per share, primarily driven by rises and regulatory outcomes to recover our capital investments. In addition, a lower effective tax rate increased earnings by $0.06 per share. But keep in mind, production tax credits lowered the ETR. However, PTCs are flowed back to customers through lower electric margin and are largely earnings neutral.  Offsetting these positive drivers were increased depreciation expense, which reduced earnings by $0.15 per share, reflecting our capital investment program and the recognition of previously deferred costs related to the Texas electric rate case, higher O&M expense, which decreased earnings by $0.02 per share, higher interest expense and other taxes, primarily property taxes decreased earnings by $0.08 per share. And other items combined to reduce earnings by $0.04 per share.  Turning to sales. Weather-adjusted electric sales increased by 3.1% for the first 6 months of 2022, largely due to higher C&I sales driven by strong economic activity in our service territories. In addition, our unemployment rate is 80 basis points below the national average. As a result, we have revised our assumption for 2022 sales growth to 2%.  O&M expenses increased $14 million for the second quarter, primarily driven by the recognition of previously deferred expenses related to the Texas electric rate case, additional investments in technology and customer programs and increased costs for storms and vegetation management. Like other businesses, we are facing inflationary pressures and now expect an annual O&M increase of approximately 2%.  In addition to the Colorado resource plan approval, we also made strong progress on a number of other regulatory proceedings. The Colorado Commission approved our uristorm settlement, including full recovery of all costs with the exception of an $8 million isone primarily related to conservation messaging. In Minnesota, an ALJ recommended full recovery of all euro-related fuel costs. We anticipate a commission decision later this summer.  In Texas, the commission approved our electric rate case settlement, which provides a rate increase of $89 million. Rates were effective back to March 2021, which is why you see some year-to-date true-ups in revenue and various expense lines of the income statement. The agreement also accelerates the depreciation life of the Tolk coal plant to 2034. We have a pending natural gas case in Colorado, seeking a rate increase of approximately $175 million over 3 years, based on an ROE of 10.25% and an equity ratio of 55.7%.  In June, intervener testimony was filed. The staff recommended an ROE of 9%, an equity ratio of 55% in a historic test year. While the UCA recommended a 9% ROE, an equity ratio of 51.5% in the historic test year. In July, we filed rebuttal testimony providing additional support for our file position. Hearings are scheduled for late August. We anticipate a commission decision later this year with final rates implemented in November of this year.  We recently filed our first electric rate case in South Dakota since 2014. We are seeking a $44 million revenue increase based on an ROE of 10.75% and equity ratio of 53% in the historic test year. We expect a decision in final rates implemented in the first quarter of 2023. We also have pending electric and natural gas rate cases in Minnesota. We are in the discovery phase and expect intervener testimony this fall, followed by commission decisions in 2023. Details on these cases and schedules are included in our earnings release.  Shifting to earnings. We've updated our 2022 guidance assumptions to reflect the latest information. Details are included in our earnings release. We are reaffirming our 2022 earnings guidance range of $3.10 to $3.20 per share, which is consistent with our long-term 5% to 7% EPS growth objective. With that, I'll wrap up with a quick summary.  The Colorado Commission approved our resource plan and Storm Urico recovery settlement. We received an ALJ recommendation in Minnesota for full recovery of fuel costs related to interest Storm Yuri. We will be filing our Midwest EV plan shortly. The Texas Commission approved our rate case settlement. We are reaffirming our 2022 earnings guidance, and we remain confident we can continue to deliver long-term earnings and dividend growth within the upper half of our 5% to 7% objective range as we lead the clean energy transition and keep bills well for our customers. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we will now take questions.
Brian Van Abel: Hey, Nick. Good morning. This is Brian. Yes, it's a good question. So we think about that book AMT is -- we look at it in a couple of different ways. First is we have credits available where you can offset 75% of that book AMT impact. And then also when we look at the transferability that's included in the legislation, that ultimately, when we put those 2 together, that we see this as cash flow accretive for us. Now I'll caveat that. This came out yesterday and the 700 pages of legislative text. So we're still working through it. But that's our view on the book AMT.
Brian Van Abel: So that's a good question. And we've seen -- you're right, both in Q1 and Q2, we've increased our sales guidance for the year. And I would say there's probably some more opportunity there as we look into the balance of the year. Now certainly, the dependence on the macro impacts that could occur with what the Fed is doing, but we see strong C&I sales. And it's even better if you look at where Colorado is, the C&I sales in Colorado, that's -- this is an adjustment there when you normalize this large solar farm that we helped with a major customer behind the meter. C&I sales in Colorado are strong, too. So we're seeing that across our service territories with that C&I strength, good economic rebound.  We're seeing it on the residential side, we expected that, call it, reduction. And when we look at our budget, we're actually higher on residential than we expected. So structurally, I think we've seen a strong economy in the first half of the year and is certainly in the energy sector, in the manufacturing sector across the board. So as I think about longer term, obviously, you could have some potential headwinds if there's a recession or what happens and how big of an impact interest rates have. But I think we're bullish longer term when we start to think about the electrification opportunities, when we start to see EV penetration, when you start to see electrification of industrial processes. So I think there's a longer-term tailwind as I look at our service territories.  And just another example down in the Permian Basin. We've seen extremely strong growth. But longer term, we're talking to their customers about electrification. They have their own ESG goals and net zero goals in the Permian, and so we're in discussions of how you electrify pumps and rigs and compressors and ensuring that we have the capacity and the investments in our distribution and transmission system on there to serve them. So I think there are tailwinds longer term, and it's great to see the rebound that we have in the C&I sector.
Brian Van Abel: And Jeremy, I'd just add to that, like Bob said, we feel good about our point estimate and the Wisconsin projects were deemed upgrades, so they're not expected to be competitively bid. So what you see as we put in our earnings presentation, are what we expect to be ours and owned, and that's our good estimate right now.
Brian Van Abel: Yes. And I'll just add to that, Bob. I mean, as we're in the middle of developing our clean heat plans for our gas LDCs in Colorado and Minnesota and have a hydrogen PTC. So you couple that with a long-term PTC for wind or solar, it really gives -- should give green hydrogen a jump start. And so we're excited about that. And so I think there's a number of great things in this bill. And ultimately, we look at it, it's really in the looks and feel similar to what I talked about on Q3 of last year in terms of the impacts to us.  But ultimately, we look as cash flow accretive and slightly, there's some slight rate base reductions from we become more tax efficient, but slightly EPS beneficial. Now again, that's with a caveat, we're digging into it and make sure we understand everything, particularly around transferability but when we look at this whole package, as we talked about, our current plan is not built on this, right? Our current 5-year plan and long-term plan, our research plans were approved with current tax law. This just makes our plans even better for our customers. And that's the important point long run. Great for our customers as we make this clean energy transition even more affordable. So we're excited about this and optimistic that it gets passed.
Brian Van Abel: Hey Julien. Good morning. And like I said, it was -- and Bob said it is hot off the press and 700 pages of legislative text, so making sure we understand it in our nuances. So there's absolutely caveats as we think about it. But I think the best way to think about it, if you remember what we talked about in Q3 is maybe 75 to 100 basis points or higher improvement in FFO to that CFO to debt as we look at it, which gives us financing flexibility down the road potential capital headroom. But again, there's a lot to unpack around transferability and how that would ultimately work. But ultimately, our initial take is a little bit in line with what we talked about in Q3. So really good for us, but ultimately great for our customers as we think about how we can make this clean energy transition even more affordable for our customers.
Brian Van Abel: Look, so we talked about it gives us more flexibility. I think how we're going to unpack all this is we're rolling forward our capital plans and we'll release those in Q3 in our October earnings release. We'll know whether or not this passes by then. We should know a lot sooner whether this passes or not, and we can provide you a full update because that will include updated capital plans and how we're going to finance that so. But it certainly does give us more financing flexibility.
Brian Van Abel: Certainly, we're continually looking to offset inflationary pressures, and this is no different than any other year. But we've had O&M flat since 2014, and we're very proud of that because it has a direct impact on customer bills. Now like everyone else, we're feeling the inflationary pressures this year and adjusted our O&M up by 5% but as we go through the year and see how the year unfolds, you certainly take actions to see if you can set up next year in terms of how it's looking.  And we have a continuous improvement team that is regularly working with our business areas. We're investing in technology this year, what we have something called the digital operations factory that helps drive technology into the business areas to reduce O&M costs and make us more efficient. So that's just part of our DNA and part of our culture that we've stood up, and you can see in how we've managed on over the long term. So that's really our focus in terms of what we see now. We do expect some inflationary pressures to continue through the balance of the year, and that's a bit why we increased our guidance. But I think you should expect more of the same as, right? We're going to deliver for our customers. We're going to deliver operationally, and we'll deliver financially this year and in the future.
Brian Van Abel: Yes. David, yes, you're exactly right. Once we kind of see where these projects are located and call it the mix of projects, we'll be able to come out at the same time with what we expect to call the network upgrades voltage support that we need. And also the commission did conditionally approve that, call it, that lag that $250 million lag basically a radial and we fully expect projects to show up there, too. So we'll be able to give color both on the, call it, our renewable opportunity at that point in time, plus the incremental transmission investments we expect to make which will be probably -- if we play this out probably middle of next year once we see that final portfolio.
Brian Van Abel: And I'll just add, Sophie, is we'll go through the regulatory processes, certificate of need processes with our commissions. And so that will take 1 year, 1.5 years to get through those processes where we'll determine final work on final routing and permitting, everything.
Brian Van Abel: So we had some -- a little bit in our 5-year plan. But when we look at it, right, these in service states are expected to be called by 2030. So we'll start -- you'll start to see as we roll forward our 5-year plan is that spend will kind of be baked in that new 5-year plan that we roll forward is how you'll see it in October. And we'll include it in our 10-year plan as we bring -- roll forward our 10-year plan to.
Brian Van Abel: Sophie, that's a good question. I think the way we look at it, we kind of look at some recent data points, and there's a couple of data points in Minnesota. One was an ROE decision late last year for Otter Tail at 9.48%. And then there's a -- and we have a 906 Minnesota electric business right now. And then in the gas side, CenterPoint has a settlement pending in Minnesota with a 939 and Armin's gas, ROE is a 904. So no, I think as we see inflationary pressures, interest rates go up that they were sticky to go down, but I think we do have below the national average authorized ROEs across most of our jurisdictions, and we'd like to work to get those closer to the national average. We do think we are a very good operator. We are a policy aligned with our commissions, policy aligns with our states in terms of helping them achieve their decarbonization goals. And hopefully, it can be reflective in some of the outcomes we see in the future.
Brian Van Abel: So this is a longer term when we look at it, and this is some of the analysis, we haven't done a very long-term model. We modeled it a while ago when we were looking at the earlier provisions. We saw about a 1% benefit to our customers over the long term on a CAGR basis as we thought about. Now there's a lot of caveats there in terms of what type of renewable deployment we have. But we are looking at inflationary right? Our target is long-term customer bill impacts at inflation, and this helped us drive below that.  So I think that's kind of the magnitude. Now certainly will depend on the nuclear PTC and some of the nuances in terms of hydrogen. But I think longer term, we see a significant benefit to that. And I would just add that we're really well positioned for this type of long-term credit extension because I don't believe there's an IOU that has a better combination of wind and solar in our backyard than we do. And so our commissions approved our plans without any extension of tax credits. Now to have this on top of it just puts us in a really good position to deliver on this community transition for our customers even more affordably.  And no, our view is long term customer bills matter. And for us to make this transition more affordably for our customers is great, and we look forward to working through with our commissions.
Brian Van Abel: Yes. And then just to clarify, going to talk about 1%. That's on a CAGR basis. So as you accumulate that over time, it becomes very significant for our customers. So like I said, optimistic this gets passed, but our plans are not built on it. But if it does, we look forward to driving forward our plans even faster.
Brian Van Abel: Thank you all for participating in our earnings call this morning. Please contact our Investor Relations team with any follow-up questions.
Robert Frenzel: Yes. Good morning. This is Bob. Look, first of all, let me just comment on transmission broadly. We feel very confident and excited about the transmission build-out opportunities we have. And as you think about where we've been this past quarter between the Colorado power pathway, the transmission needs from the Minnesota Resource Plan, and now the MISO MTEP tranche that's about $3.5 billion of large-scale transmission projects that we've identified and, in some cases, have approved.  So the class is important to us. It's certainly going to enable our ability to add to 10,000 megawatts of renewables that we need from the Minnesota and the Colorado resource plans, and to continue to execute on our 20%, 30%, 80% carbon reduction vision. Particularly with regard to the MISO MTEP process, I think we put our best estimate out in terms of the investment opportunity around $1.5 billion for about 6 different -- portions of 6 different projects. We've got ROFR legislation in Minnesota, North Dakota, South Dakota and feel pretty confident about what we've put forward in terms of the opportunity in MTEP.
Robert Frenzel: It's great question. Again, as Brian said, you kind of have to absorb about a page a minute since it came out last night to get through all the text. But we've been talking about a lot of these broad strokes since the third quarter call and EEI Financial Conference last fall. Some really interesting things in here is we've seen production increases in solar, the PTC for solar is really interesting relative to an ITC. You might see some regional differentiations on people using PTCs versus ITCs. I think the transferability piece is really interesting as we think about not just for our account, but for everybody who builds renewable assets and the friction costs that are embedded. We're financing some of those things, particularly with tax equity.  This could overall bring the cost of both owned and PPA assets down, again, real benefits for our customers as we continue to make this transition. Stand-alone storage credit is interesting. There's some really challenges with the pairing of solar and storage. We've made them work, but this makes stand-alone storage pretty interesting. And then Obviously, our North Dakota company is -- the governor there has put a very aggressive carbon neutral goal on the table and CCS is really important to North Dakota. So I think as we look across the country and across our portfolio, you're going to find bits and pieces of all of this to be interesting.  And notwithstanding all of that, there's great stuff around energy security, electric vehicles and resiliency all built into this that we really haven't even dug into. But I think it's a terrific piece of legislation for us as a company, and we're excited to dig in and hopefully see this pass the House and the Senate before the end of the fiscal year.
Robert Frenzel: Julien, it's Bob. I think these have been challenged in both state and federal court and the ROFRs have held up, and we expect them to.
Robert Frenzel: Hey Insoo, it's Bob. Look, I think the legislation as it starts is really beneficial for the existing nuclear owners and in our case, the customers who would receive any benefits from production tax credits associated with the existing nuclear embedded within the new legislation. I think longer term, we've been pretty stalwart in saying that we, as a country, need to identify new clean energy resources that can be dispatchable and carbon-free to enable the transition to a carbon-light economy or a carbon-neutral economy.  And I think new nuclear has to play a role in that. I don't think it's a this decade role, certainly not for Xcel Energy but we are active at any eye. We are active in the development process. We've been working diligently with new scale as they've been trying to stand up there and get permission to build their first new nuclear reactor. So we're -- we watch very closely. We're engaged in the dialogue. I think it's next decade or beyond issue and opportunity for us as a company.
Robert Frenzel: Yes. Thanks, David. It's Bob. Look, the cases are progressing through the regulatory process. I think when I look at the cases, they reflect a lot of the investment categories and alignment with our policy and stakeholders. So we don't expect any contentious issues there. Typically, we don't start talking settlement with counterparties until after their testimony has been received. So on the gas case that's expected at the end of August and in the electric case, that's early October. So probably more ripe for discussions in late Q3 or into Q4.
Robert Frenzel: Yes. So look, I think we're in early innings in terms of the development of those lines. I think that some of them are concluded into existing substations, but most of the lines themselves are going to be greenfield and require local siting and permitting processes. I think that this is an area of strength and execution for the company as we do this. We did the CapEx 2020 plans up in the upper Midwest, we did the MVP plans. And so we've got a really strong team and a good partnership with the Grid North Partners Group that we think that from an execution perspective, this is something that's right in our wheelhouse.
Robert Frenzel: Yes, I'll just add on to what Brian said, and I agree with him completely. I think the opportunity here is really interesting because if we can make the energy transition more cost effective, that becomes an economic driver engine. Businesses are attracted to places that have clean energy and low-cost clean energy and reliable clean energy. When I think about a transition to clean fuels and green hydrogen with the production capability that we have and the wind and the solar resources we've got in and adjacent to our footprint should make the production of clean fuels more cost effective in the middle of the country, in the Midwest and in the Southwest than other parts.  And you've seen that as we've located wind and solar across the country, they've been concentrated in those areas. And we'd expect those continued economic development drivers to drive our business long term.
Robert Frenzel: Yes. Look, I think that we have seen curtailment in Southwestern Minnesota. It was a source of a significant amount of wind build-out over the last decade for us and for the region. And so 1 of the great things about the MTAP program is that it's identifying the need and locating transmission resources to move that 0 cost resource to the load. In the short term, it's led to curtailment and congestion. In the longer term, we think that frees up and is able to get to the load and deliver.  I don't think that it's concentrated in any 1 entity in terms of the owners of the farms, but I think it's out there. And as we think about the impact for our customers, some of that's just is driven by the desire and the need for clean energy curtailments built into a lot of our plans, and we recognize that sometimes that has implications for local communities on property taxes or wind production payments. But I think it's certainly manageable and something we're in conversations with our stakeholders as well.
