Paul A. Johnson: Good morning, and welcome to Xcel Energy's 2013 third quarter earnings release conference call. Joining me today are Ben Fowke, Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer; Teresa Madden, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Dave Sparby, Senior Vice President, Group President and President and CEO of NSP-Minnesota; Scott Wilensky, Senior Vice President and General Counsel; George Tyson, Vice President and Treasurer; and Jeff Savage, Vice President and Controller. This morning, we will review our third quarter results, update you on recent business and regulatory developments, discuss 2013 and 2014 guidance, as well as update our long-term earnings growth and dividend growth rates. Slides that accompany today's call are available on our web page. We will also post a brief video of Teresa Madden summarizing our financial results on our website. Please note some of the remarks made during today's conference call may contain forward-looking information. Significant factors that could cause results to differ from those anticipated are described in our earnings release and our filings with the SEC. In addition, today's press release refers to both ongoing and GAAP earnings. 2013 third quarter GAAP earnings of $0.73 per share reflect a $0.04 per share charge as a result of August 2013 FERC decisions regarding certain fuel and cost allocations at SPS. This issue relates to complaints by parties dating back to 2004 and 2006. These orders resulted in a refund liability for prior periods and consequently, we took a net $35 million pretax charge during the quarter. Details of this order are found in today's press release and 8-K, which we filed in August. Management believes ongoing earnings, which remove the impact of issues and charges related to prior periods, like the refund liability associated with the FERC orders, provides a more meaningful comparison. As a result, the comments on today's call will focus on third quarter ongoing earnings of $0.77 per share. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ben.
Paul A. Johnson: I think the other thing I would point, Andy, if you look at the midpoint of 2013 guidance range, payout ratio is probably more like 58%.
Paul A. Johnson: If the earnings and the dividends are growing at a similar rate, the payout ratio is not going to change.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, sure, Kit. Let's start with the 2013 by the states. Minnesota, we're still projecting a decline of about 1.2%. In NSP-Wisconsin, just a slight decline. And then the other 2 jurisdiction, PSCo slightly up and SPS at about 1.2% range. But all of it netting to within the -- up to 0.5%. When we look to the future, we're looking at about, as we indicated in our guidance up to 0.5%, those are narrowing, not such a great degree in terms of the decline in NSP-Minnesota. In terms of the various classes of customers, it does vary by jurisdiction. I will say that C&I, we see the most growth in Texas with the oil and gas industry boom.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, in terms of the 2% to 3%, yes, pension is contributing to that. We did say that 2013 was going to be our high mark. also, we are assuming that likely, we'll have some uptick in the discount rate. But we are also seeing some -- we are working towards improvement, process improvements on the operational side of our business. And in terms of our overall growth rate, if we look to the future, we do intend to keep them lower than our historical 4% where we've been at.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, let's start in terms of the wind projects. There's a very small amount in 2014. The lion's share of the estimated spend will be in, actually it's in the latter part of 2015 around the third quarter. Because they are anticipated to go in service by the end of that year. The MISO study is really related to some interconnections and some paths primarily what will be required. So we need to have the completion of that study to ultimately determine what the cost will be for those transmission paths what we are required.
Teresa S. Madden: Yes, it does include the ongoing impact or potential impact from that. We have filed for re-hearing. We think our positions are strong. So we feel good about that. But we do have that incorporated into our projections for 2014.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, I mean, Ali, it's long term, so we could say 3 -- 3 to 5 years. In terms of the rate base growth, really no different than we've been talking to you on the front end, over the 5 years, potentially after like 5%. But there is still the front-end load. This year, we have high capital to spend. We'll start to taper down, we'll have some moderation, assuming we would move forward with the 15 wind projects. I mean, we are, assuming we will move forward, pending the final approvals. But that's really what the landscape looks like.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, I mean -- maybe the short answer, Ali, is we really do plan to discuss the whole, complete plan at our Analyst Day. So we'll be revising and refreshing all of that when we meet with you at that time. So...
Teresa S. Madden: I mean, I think, I would characterize it as maybe an aberration. We are watching it. I would say that our weather normalization, is very cold. It's primarily in PSCo in the early part of the year. We may have some aberrations with that. As you can see, when we look to '14, we're actually projecting some decreases. So I wouldn't say it's necessarily, we'll continue to watch ongoing long-term trend to see that uptick at that level.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, I think in general, with anything when gas prices go up, people potentially monitor their use. So it's depending how much and when.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, I think there are several things that could affect next year, but we talked about the Minnesota case and all our rate cases that we have out there. We are assuming, as we always do in terms of when we initiate guidance and constructive outcomes in terms of those rate cases. Now if there was some deviation from that, that could be a factor. But there's other things, too, O&M variation, sales, the whole list of things that could occur.
Teresa S. Madden: The key component in our portfolio mix, as we look forward, and we think nuclear has a good position versus what...
Teresa S. Madden: Maybe, Ben, I would just add to that in terms of the stakeholder input that we see. They were actually suggesting the 2-year case. And so I mean, clearly, we're having I would say a positive dialogue and we have taken some of their input. And that's part why we're filing the 2-year case instead of potentially what was allowed, the 3-year case.
Teresa S. Madden: All right. Well, thank you for participating in our third quarter earnings call. We look forward to meeting with many of you at the EEI Financial Conference in a few weeks. In addition, we hope many of you will attend our analyst meeting at the New York Stock Exchange on December 4. We plan to update you on our efforts to spend the O&M cost per pound, our Minnesota electric rate case, our nuclear construction projects and rate base opportunities. And until then, Paul Johnson and the IR team are available to take your call. Thanks a lot.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Kit, I would just add that our forecasting abilities for sales have really been very, very accurate this year, and we believe heading into next year too. I think we really got our arms around what's happening with the economy and how that relates to our sales growth.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yes, that's right, Neil, you can expect that, as Teresa mentioned, these wind projects will drive some CapEx needs, will refresh everything. I said in my remarks, I think we continue to have a lot of opportunities to invest in our utilities, and we'll update you on that. We'll update you on where we see the value proposition and give you a general operational and financial update.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yes, okay. And at this point, we don't want to get any more specific other than to tell you we know it'll be a significant case. And we know putting rate moderation programs in place are going to be very beneficial to making the -- hope we make in the outcome of the case constructive and successful. It obviously reflects a lot of capital costs and mutually related as well as just general infrastructure. So I think we're in pretty good shape. It's going to be significant. We've talked about that before. It's the reason why we also we're sharing with our stakeholders what it looks like over a 5-year horizon. And we think the pace of rate increases will moderate significantly in the next few years.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I think there -- I mean there's a couple of things that have changed. I mean one, as you know, they changed how the methodology of calculation -- calculating the refund obligation works. And we did have a court order that essentially gives the commission a little more flexibility in how they grant interim rates. And frankly, we're aware of that. And we've incorporate that into our moderate -- rate moderation plans.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: It works out to the a very good levelized cost for our customers. And again, these prices are so compelling that it's -- I mean, the energy associated with it is less than what you can do locked in a 20-year gas strip for. Hence, the 800 million plus of fuel savings. We're getting the environmental, we're getting the capacity savings that these projects bring. So we're really excited about it.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Ali, as you know, over the last several years, we've been around that consolidated ROE of 10%. And given the macroeconomic environment we're in, I think that's a pretty good assumption going forward.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean, I think we started with giving you the clarity that the dividend growth rate objective is now 4 to 6. We know that our dividend payout ratio is modest compared to our peers, and that's a good thing. So we've got lots of options going forward in what we do and how we do it and the various options you can reward shareholders. Obviously, that's a very important topic that we'll discuss with our board. And we'll look at a number of factors, CapEx, macroeconomic conditions, credit rating objectives, you name it. It's -- we look at it. And I mean, I'm excited that we can continue to offer such a compelling value proposition. And I think it's the hallmark of what we've been able to accomplish. And one thing, as I pointed out on my notes is, we actually do hit our objectives. We've got a history of that. So I hope everybody takes comfort in that.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Let's -- first of all, let's make sure that projects are finally approved, and we'll share that capital forecast. As you know, timing of the capital forecast is pretty important when it comes to any equity needs. I think the bottom line is our equity needs are very modest going forward, I mean. So I don't think that will be a big issue but we certainly can give you more clarity at the Analyst Day.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I think we're just comfortable right now on the 4 to 6. And we're going to -- obviously, as I said just previously, we'll discuss various ways we can reward shareholders within that target with our board. And again, we know we have a modest payout ratio. We also have outstanding credit ratings and excellent opportunities to continue to invest in our utility operations.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I think -- I mean, Teresa said it. But I also just think -- I mean, we didn't achieve what we started out to achieve this year with the Minnesota rate case. I mean, I think everybody knows that. And as both myself and Teresa talked about, we have the fortunate uptick for weather. That mitigated a lot of it. We had some management initiatives that mitigated the rest of it, positioning us very well for this year. But of course, you can't count on weather next year. And while I think we are as best positioned as we possibly can be for these '14 phase. I mean, it's certainly going to be a big driver of our success next year.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, first of all, the Monticello we expect, even as the shutdown delayed it a bit. But we expect the Monticello license, the first piece of it, to come through in late November, possibly early December, and with the approval for the final piece, maybe as early as March 2014. So I don't think that the NRC license will be a significant factor in the rate case. Does that answer your question? Because I apologize for not understanding it.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, let me kick it off and we've got the experts sitting by my side here. I don't -- first of all, I don't think the NRC timing of that won't impact the prudence proceeding. I also think if you -- there's a number of different ways that historically, commissions look at prudence review. And the traditional way, we've make decisions at various points in the project life, I think we feel pretty comfortable about. We did have overruns. But if you look around the industry, so did everybody else. These up-rates have turned out to be much more expensive. And then finally, despite the increased costs, we certainly would have gone forward with the project at $11 gas when this project started. And frankly, it still makes sense for our consumers today. So I think we're in pretty good shape there.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, let me take a stab at this. I mean we're working with stakeholders now because we don't want to be in that continual rate case loop, and neither does the commission, the staff or our customers. That said, I don't think anybody thinks that the capital we're spending and the expenses we're incurring aren't for good use. It's pretty much evidenced in what we were able to accomplish here over the summer. We had half of our customers out. So we're making the right investment decisions. I think a multiyear plan, and Scott alluded to it, helps moderate rates today, recognizing that the pace of rate increases modulates significantly the further out in time you go. So our plan is to be successful in this case. And to replicate what I think has been a pretty good model and I think has been pretty successful in Colorado for all stakeholders, shareholders alike, customers alike. So it's not our plan to file rate cases continuously.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yes, I mean, essentially, to Teresa's point, it's a 5-year look and see. And so I think everybody is open to what we're trying to accomplish. I also think, too, we're -- we got some I think very good programs to continue to be more efficient. And we recognized that's what we need to do. Teresa mentioned we'll see our pace of O&M and certainly out by pension. It's going to be also helped by a lot of productivity improvements, with process improvements, et cetera which -- I'm not talking about deferred maintenance, I'm talking about improved processes. So I think -- I mean, obviously, it's a big case. But I think based on what we heard today, we are cautiously optimistic. It will go well.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I think you're going to find our rate moderation plans are going to be in that zone of reasonableness that stakeholders would be open to.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I don't -- I mean, it will be really difficult to give you an answer to that because there are so many other factors, where it would occur, what our regulatory mechanisms were. I think we've got far more flexibility than just the 50 basis points movement in sales, significantly altering our long-term growth expectations.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I would, me and Teresa, I would do the easy part and Teresa can do the other part. I think that clearly on the top end, what we would want to do is see improvement in our earned ROEs. And of course, in this interest rate environment, authorized ROEs, I would say that will be a stretch. But you've heard us talk before, if we could close the gap between actual earned and authorized, that would be one piece of it. Continuing to have a capture rate base growth opportunities, investment opportunities would be another. We talked just in the last call with Jonathan about sales growth. Of course, positive sales growth certainly would be supportive. and all those factors go the other way to get you on the low end.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean, I think you heard a lot of the callers trying to understand what the pace of that is going to be. I mean, if there's going to -- I mean, we're going to have a dividend payout ratio target, et cetera. So I -- again, I don't know if we can provide any more clarity. I mean we have discussions, as you would guess, with our board routinely around the dividend because we -- as we do with other value part of -- the value components of our value proposition, and it's an important topic. We'll continue to have these discussions. The good news is that we can have these discussions about how we're going to reward shareholders, because we do have a modest payout ratio and we are now aligning our dividend growth with EPS growth. So I know everybody wants more clarity. But let's just start with that objective, and we'll give you more clarity on that as time goes on.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, we have an Analyst Day in December. We typically have made dividend announcements for the last 5 years now at our shareholders' meeting. You're not bound by that. But I mean, I guess that would be kind of the guidance I would give you.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I guess I'm just going to repeat what we said. I mean, we know we have a payout ratio that is modest. Of course, we've had that for a number of years now. And I think it's extremely important, and I'm not going to speak for my board, but it's extremely important that you have a sustainable, predictable dividend. And we've provided that for many, many years now. We'll continue to provide that for many years to come.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I hope, one, continue to remind people that we've had a successful track record of delivering shareholder value and then two, on a prospective basis, making sure we continue to deliver shareholder value. And clearly, I think, we've had some overhang on with the pace and frequency of our regulatory filings. Going to multiyears, I think we'll provide more clarity on that so I think that will be helpful. Continuing to work on closing the gap between earned and authorized, ROE would be another process and continuing to make progress. But the reality is we've delivered a pretty good track record here. And I think we're positioned to continue to do that. And so I think it's a matter of time before people recognize that.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I mean, that's a great question and I just will tell you that everybody here is shaking their heads no. I mean, we do not anticipate that the rate case will be a political issue in this election.
