Robert C. Frenzel: Thanks, Ben, for that introduction. I'm very excited to join Xcel and I'm honored to follow in Teresa's footsteps. I commit to continuing Xcel's long tradition of delivering on our financial objectives and growing earnings in a low risk, transparent and predictable manner. Now, let's get to the details of the quarter. As Ben indicated, we reported ongoing earnings of $0.47 per share for the quarter as compared to $0.46 per share last year. The most significant drivers in the quarter include the following. Improved electric margins increased earnings by $0.06 per share; this was largely due to interim rates in Minnesota and capital rider revenue for recovery of capital investment, partially offset by unfavorable weather. Higher gas margins in our gas segment increased earnings by $0.01 per share, which is primarily due to rate increases from higher rate base, partially offset by unfavorable weather. Lower O&M expenses increased earnings by $0.01 per share, which reflects cost management and some timing-related issues. Partially offsetting these positive drivers was higher depreciation expense, which reduced earnings by $0.06 per share, primarily reflecting depreciation from new capital investment. Turning to our sales results, although the economy in our region remains strong and we continue to add customers, our weather-adjusted electric sales declined by 0.3%. Further adjusting for the impact of an extra day of sales in the quarter due to leap year, our weather-adjusted electric sales actually declined by 1.4%. The decline in sales is largely driven by lower use per customer from energy efficiency, an increase in the number of multi-family units, the impact of distributed solar and the impact on consumption of lower oil and natural gas prices on some of our larger customers. As a result, we have lowered our full-year electric sales growth assumption to 0.5% from 0.5% to 1% range. We continue to expect positive sales growth for the full year in all jurisdictions, due to customer growth as well as planned expansion from some of our larger customers. In addition to lowering our sales assumptions, we've also taken actions to lower our full-year O&M expenses. We implemented plans early in the year to offset the impact of the rate reduction in Texas as well as unfavorable weather and lower sales growth. As a result, we now expect to limit our annual O&M expenses to 0% to 1% increase for the full year. As we continue to strive to close our ROE gap, we have been pretty active on the regulatory front. Let me provide you a quick update. There are additional details included in our earnings release. In Wisconsin, we recently filed a case seeking an electric rate increase of $17.4 million and a natural gas increase of $4.8 million. This is a limited scope case, and ROE and capital structure are not expected to be an issue. The decision is expected by December, with final rates effective in January of 2017. We also have pending rate cases in Minnesota and in Texas. Both cases are in the discovery stage, and as a result, there aren't any material new developments. Finally, we recently filed a settlement in our New Mexico rate case, which was reached between SPS, the staff, and other parties. The black box settlement reflects a non-fuel base rate increase of $23.5 million. The settlement represents a compromise which we think is reasonable. The New Mexico Commission is expected to rule on the settlement later this year and new rates are expected to go into effect in August. As Ben mentioned, we are reaffirming our 2016 ongoing earnings guidance with no changes. However, as I previously mentioned, we have updated several of the key assumptions, including electric sales and O&M expenses as detailed in our earnings release. Also, please note that we've reduced our assumption for capital rider recovery to reflect the transfer of some pipeline recovery from the rider to base rates as part of our last Colorado natural gas rate case. The transfer has no material impact on earnings. In summary, it was a good quarter for the company. Continued vigilance on cost management resulted in lower O&M expenses, which offset unfavorable weather and sluggish sales to deliver solid first quarter earnings. We made significant progress to convert some of our upside capital to base capital with a planned filing to own 600 megawatts of wind in Colorado. We anticipate a Commission decision later this year. Finally, we remain on track to deliver ongoing earnings solidly within our 2016 guidance range. This concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, we'll now take questions.
Robert C. Frenzel: The other point, Ali – or Julien, we will be making a resource plan filing later this spring and we will potentially include some solar in as part of that resource plan, so we'll go forward with that too.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah, I mean, Travis, if you think about it, the rate per megawatt hour for residential customer is probably going to be somewhere around that $0.11 range and large C&I customer is probably going to be more in that $0.07 range. So it's pretty different revenue stream.
Robert C. Frenzel: Thank you for participating in our earnings call this morning. I look forward to meeting many of you over the next few weeks at the Deutsche Bank and AGA conferences. If you have any questions in the interim, please contact Paul Johnson with any follow-ups.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Sure, Ali. It's really the result of conversations our account managers have had with our large commercial and industrial accounts. So we know we're going to be seeing more load come on in the second half of the year.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, it's about 90 basis points of lag. And again, as you know, our goal is to cut the lag by 50 basis points by 2018, and Ali, I think we remain on track with that. If you look at Colorado, I think we are on track. The Minnesota case here should put us on track and we will continue to work diligently at SPS to get that on track including filing of cases that take advantage of new legislation in forward test years in Minnesota – I mean in New Mexico.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I'd never say it's a done deal. You need Commission approval, but Ali, in tune to the first part of your question, this project has tremendous community support and it's going to create tremendous value for our customers in fuel savings, even if you look at the lower gas forecast. So we're excited about it, and the community and our stakeholders are excited about it, so we're very confident this is going to go through.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, some of that will come through resource plans. I mean that's the big part of it – filings for grid monetization opportunities that we might be out there to capture value for our customers. So I mean I think you'll see it over the next 12 months basically.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Okay. Well, let's start, Julien, with the 25% to 50% standard of the Colorado legislation. The 25% standard is just – is the reasonable cost standard that I mentioned in my prepared remarks. The 50% standard – without going through a competitive bid, you need to show economic value to the community. And I think you asked, can you do more than that? Yeah, you potentially could do more than that. But at this point, we would anticipate you'd have to go through a competitive RFP to do that. And that doesn't mean we can't prevail on that. But that's the law that we were referring to. So we're pleased with that. Now you asked about community solar gardens. At this point, we don't have plans to buy any of those projects or provide any of those projects. It doesn't mean we couldn't, but – nothing would prevent us, but it's not something we've been actively pursuing at this point.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean other than the factors that we mentioned, there's always the art versus science of capturing weather and the impact of weather, and we did have some significant mild weather in the quarter, so I'm not sure you can ever fully scrub that out. We follow the formulaic approach, which is blessed by our commissions, but there's always some potential for anomalies.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I think it does a number of things, but we've been anticipating relatively flat sales in our outlook for quite some time now, Travis, so our ability to close the ROE gap assumes that we are not going to have robust sales to bail us out. So it means you have to manage your O&M carefully, and we are and we will continue to do that, and in fact I think we're in the early days of cost management. We will make sure our resource plans reflect those kinds of sales growth opportunities, so we don't overbuild. And of course as you know, we have decoupling mechanisms here on the electric side in Minnesota, which are helpful as well. So there's a number of things you can do from a regulatory standpoint and from an internal management standpoint, and of course from a resource planning standpoint, and that's the environment we anticipate being in.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Let me try to – I ask my team if they can help me with this one. I'll have a much higher profit margin in the residential, and then when you get to the C&I, it really depends on which customer you're talking about and which jurisdiction. For example, the largest industrial customer is in SPS. The sales there will have the most minimal impact on margin, if anybody can help further define that for Travis a bit.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: And they pay a larger demand charge too, so variable sales tend to be more of the energy – it's more the energy pass-through than it is the high margin that you're getting with residential.
