Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, thank you, Paul, and good morning. I'm pleased to announce another successful year at Xcel Energy. In addition to delivering on our annual financial objectives, we executed on several initiatives that position Xcel Energy for continued financial and operational success in the years to come. Let me start by discussing some of our 2013 highlights. Once again, we delivered strong financial results. Ongoing earnings grew over 7% to $1.95 per share. This marks the ninth consecutive year with net books [ph] exceeded our earnings guidance. In the fourth consecutive year, we have delivered earnings in the upper half of our guidance range. We also raised our annual dividend $0.04 per share or nearly 4%. We completed rate cases in several jurisdictions, which helped us to achieve our financial objectives in 2013. Looking back on 2013, we're especially proud of the commitment to customers that our employees demonstrated again and again. A series of severe weather events, including blizzards, high storms, thunderstorms and floods, brought out the company's best efforts. We also completed several major construction projects, including the effort to extend the life of our Monticello nuclear plant, and we placed steam generators at our Prairie Island nuclear plant. Our Sherco 3 coal fire unit is back in service after sustaining major damage in 2011. We brought Jones 4 online in Texas and in time for higher summer load and to help serve the continued industrial growth we're seeing in the region. Colorado. We made great progress on the Clean Air-Clean Jobs Act projects, including the Cherokee combined-cycle plant and adding SCRs and scrubbers to Ponne, as well as SCRs at Hayden. Overall, these projects remain on time and on budget. Another major focus in 2013 was our ongoing work to increase the strength and reliability of the electric grid. We're making significant investments to ensure the system is ready to accommodate renewable energy, interact with new technologies and withstand major weather events. Strong energy grid ensures that we're able to meet the growing and changing energy needs of our customers. We are set to increase our future wind production by 40%. And given the current price of wind energy, this is an excellent way to protect our customers from rising fuel costs. The American Wind Energy Association recognized our efforts to promote wind production when they named us The Utility of the Year. And we obviously the appreciate the designation, but we're particularly satisfied that we've determined how to make wind energy an affordable option for customers. In another effort that leverages our environmental leadership for customer gain, we were able to announce in 2013 that we're on track to exceed our goal of reducing carbon emissions from our power plants, 20% by 2020, compared with 2005 levels. We are well positioned on this run in part because we acted early in converting and refurbishing power plants and because we have such a solid portfolio of renewable energy sources. With a successful 2013 behind us, we're ready to make 2014 another good year. Our focus will be on ensuring that Xcel Energy is the energy provider that our customers prefer and value. We have initiatives underway to achieve productivity improvements through technology and to leverage employee engagement. We will continue our efforts to strengthen the energy grid, build our portfolio of renewable energy resources and reduce emissions from our plants. Part of our effort to strengthen the grid, we plan to invest $4.5 billion on transmission projects over the next 5 years. We've proven that we can design, cite and construct transmission for less than our competitors. And we see significant opportunities right in our backyard. We believe forming a Transco will provide multiple benefits, including enabling increased flexibility to support our operations in the post-FERC Order 1000 transmission investment environment. Depending on regulatory treatment, we believe that our planned projects in the Southwest Power Pool fit nicely into a Transco. The necessary regulatory filings will be submitted later this year, and we hope to have approvals by late 2014 or early 2015. Another key priority for us is to deliver constructive outcomes in our regulatory proceedings and to improve the overall regulatory construct. In 2014, we hope to put in place multiyear-rate plans in Minnesota, Colorado, North Dakota and potentially other jurisdictions, which will provide revenue certainty for shareholders and cost certainty for our customers. Achievement of our 2014 priorities will allow us to deliver on our objectives and provide an attractive total return to our shareholders. I'll now turn the call over to Teresa.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Travis, this is Ben. The higher cost directly attributable would be the storms that we had that you could generally attribute to hotter, more volatile weather. But as we've also done, we also always pick the opportunity when we have weather to put -- a favorable weather -- to put some more money back into maintenance and those sorts of things, so we have a strong system going forward. It's a little bit harder to quantify.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Ali, I'll start it off and then Teresa can add. I mean, I -- we did see a pickup in the quarter. But I think you have to -- we're always pretty cautious about a quarter, particular a quarter that's experienced some pretty volatile weather. Not only in total, but how it occurred within the month. And so you have to be a little bit careful. However, it is a favorable trend. I step back and compare the quarter to the overall year, and I think what we're seeing -- we'll continue to see SPS and PSCo do better than the North, and that we don't anticipate that trend will change into '14. You break it out a little bit further. Residential, generally, usage-wise, it would be flat -- PSCo's flat with usage. Every other jurisdiction's declining in usage. However, we're seeing customer additions again, consistent with where we were prerecession, so that's a good sign. But you put it all together and it still results in fairly flat residential revenues. And then on the C&I side, again, much more activity in the South and the West, and not so much in the North.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: So we've been following the New York forecasts, too. I would agree with Teresa, it's been incredibly cold in Minnesota but pretty generally tempered in Colorado. And so you get the benefit, as we've always talked about, with a big portfolio of diversity. And weather is part of that diversity and sort of was a bit canceling each other out, to Teresa's point.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: If you notice -- I mean, our guidance, as you know, assumes normal weather, and that's what you have to count on. A little bit of positive in the first month. But the summer, it weighs on as much heavily than the winter, generally. So we just have to see how that plays out. We can't count on $0.11, that's for sure.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I mean, Ali -- I mean, it will allow us to continue to potentially invest in transmission. And that it's depending on how the rules actually play out in a FERC 1000 world, but this is -- the book of business that we talked about at analyst day is really based upon what we have today. So we're just putting these things in place. So several years down the road, we can continue to be as successful in building transmission as we already are. And it's, as I said and Teresa has said, it's another arrow on our quiver, and we need to have options because the future is always uncertain.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, there's a lot of subjective and qualitative. But I think I'd point to the fact that interim rates were approved and without a lot of controversy. I think we're hearing qualitatively, that the quality of the data submission was very strong. The outreach efforts, the rate mitigation plan, I think, has been understood and, I would say, generally accepted by our stakeholders. They understand what we're doing. And remember, Greg, we -- while this, we're not asking for a 5-year plan. We've been talking to stakeholders what a 5-year plan looks like. And they understand that it's -- the pace of our rate increases that we've asked for, as we did things like extend the life of our nuclear plants for 20 years, it's going to start to level off. And so they understand that this isn't going to be a trend forever.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I'll just add, Greg. As we talked on investors’ day, we're offering great predictability moderation, we have addressed the issues upfront and investments actually reflect a carbon-free generation, which has been a preference of our customer. So that's why I think this case is different.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yes. I mean, we have right of first refusals, for example, in Minnesota. But to your point, I think it's pretty clear FERC doesn't particularly care for those rights of first refusal. So we're not sure how that's going to play out. Right now, we don't see any immediate threat. But when you get out in the latter part of the decade, potentially, you could see the threat. And that's why, Paul, we want the Transco, because it allows us to compete on an even-keeled basis. It doesn't mean that, that threat will ever emerge. You can make a similar argument down in SPP in Texas and New Mexico. You also asked about ROE's. I mean, I think everybody knows that there are a number of pending cases in front of FERC to lower ROEs. That remains to be seen. Our FERC recoveries right now are not dependent upon -- or rather, our transmission recoveries now aren't really dependent upon FERC ROEs, but we'll have follow that. My personal opinion, I think you'll see some gap closure between a FERC ROE and what a typical state ROE is. But hopefully, not too much, because I think there's -- ROEs, hopefully, will improve at the state level. So hopefully, maybe FERC goes down a little bit and the state goes up. But we're prepared. And that's what the Transco does for us. We're prepared for different scenarios.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I don't. I'm not really hearing probably any more than anybody else, but I think you raised a good point. And -- I mean, infrastructure funds would love to invest in transmission. But a couple of things about that. If you look at the rules to the extent they're out now and how competitive bidding would look, your track record, your performance, your operational standing, those are going to be very, very important criteria on who wins those bids. So maybe what you're suggesting, Paul, is that in a Transco or a partnering-type arrangement, could you have more passive partners along with a more active partner? Yes. I mean, that could happen. And again, that's a scenario that I think we're preparing for.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: And keep in mind that our larger industrials aren't -- or generally, their weather doesn't do much for them.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Julien, I guess I just have to repeat that we're not proposing any kind of structure at this point. We just want to have the Transco option in our back pocket so that we can react to how the market may evolve. And I -- we'll see how it evolves. In the meantime, we're going to focus on state recovered-type transmission, make sure that we improve the returns. You're going to see us continue to try to advance the regulatory construct in that regard, as with when we filed in Texas. And it really relates to revenue crediting and some -- I don't know if they're technical, but some real rate-type issues. And if we get that, a lot of our transmission spend in Texas and New Mexico will be recovered essentially outside of state retail mechanisms. So we don't -- we're really not thinking at this point that we're going to do a Transco into bringing passive partners, et cetera. But, I mean, Paul had asked earlier, is that a possibility? And sure, I see the market evolving that way. And we just want to be ready for it if it goes that way. And again, meantime, we've got great defined developing projects that are real, that we're going to get good recovery on in all of our jurisdictions, primarily at the state level right now.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yes, that's roughly. It's taking what we've seen and what we anticipate and what that would do. But it's already baked into the forecast. So that's -- so you should be aware of that. The issue with net metering is getting the rules right, so that the policy is sustainable for the long run. Today, it's not all that noticeable. But if the aspirations of the rooftop solar industry are met, it would be extremely noticeable to customers that don't have a rooftop. And so that's what the whole industry is rallying around and understanding that we have to get the right rules in place so that the technology can compete on an equal basis and not disadvantage one customer for the benefit of another.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, we've got a statue that we have to meet, and we take that seriously. And it's 1.5% by 2020, most of which would -- or at least 10% carved out for rooftop, the rest based upon our recommendations, essentially. So we understand that there's going to be solar in Minnesota, and we support that. But we think there's better ways to acquire it. And that's what our contention is. We think that we can do better for our customers if we did a separate RFP.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yes, and I think others -- the department, for example, thunders. It agrees with us. I mean, that there's a number of technical things that went behind the ALJ's decision. What they were looking at were actual load needs versus where we are today, what they were, how they were valuing solar as far as some societal benefits, et cetera. A number of things. Bottom line is, we haven't removed Black Dog from our CapEx. I mean, it's $100 million, it's fairly small. But it's because we think that this thing will get sorted out.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, if you start at the top of the $274 million, that's the growth request. And then we took out the $81 million, so that gets us to $193 million. So we've lowered the revenue, that's doing that, but the bottom depreciation expense were also. So we come to a net kind of cash more impact on the customer bill with a couple of those other items. But then, we also lowered depreciation expense. So we're basically lowering revenue and we're lowering depreciation expense, which gets us to that new -- that net $224 million.
Teresa S. Madden: It's not determined. But it'll probably be likely in the next year or so. It -- they have just been -- we just reached those agreements with the Texas and New Mexico.
Teresa S. Madden: In terms of -- well, we had some replacements. And particularly, we no longer have any more 8% debt. That was all basically retired in 2013. So we would expect with our new financings that we would be pretty comparable. We wouldn't expect to see such a significant decline as we did between '12 and '13.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, the higher cost, that would be difficult. I can tell you in terms of the company that, that would help you how the weather benefit went.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, Ali, I would say that Minnesota's been really cold. But Colorado's had some really warm days, too. So anybody watch the Bronco game.
Teresa S. Madden: I mean, in terms of matching it, I mean, it's so early. Things can change in the weather, and I just wouldn't -- I think it's too early.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, I would just say in terms of exceeding it, we do have assumptions around rate cases. There still continues to be some regulatory lag in some of our jurisdictions, but we expect to see it be in our 4% to 6% growth range.
Teresa S. Madden: I would just add to that. I mean, the way we think about 2013, there were 3 significant things in that case that were in isolation, which we believe have been resolved. I mean, starting with the Monticello plant and the upgrade, the upgrade is complete. The plant has been operating since then. The Sherco plant, we had a catastrophic failure, that refurbishment is also complete. And then we had the sales forecast request in terms of the -- actually, decline, I should say. And we feel that we have much better forecasting that we'll do better on in this case. So I think that those 3 things are behind us, and so we feel better about this case going forward.
Teresa S. Madden: No, not really. That was a very unique circumstance in terms of Sharyland and Caprock, who used to be a wholesale customer. And we just -- the transmission line, we didn't need it any longer. So...
Teresa S. Madden: I don't think there's anything specific going on in across the jurisdictions. I will say, the weather normalization is more art than science. And when we do have extremes, and it's been said, particularly in a month, it would be really cold in the front part and warmer, that they're not perfect.
Teresa S. Madden: Right. Yes, it's not substantial. But if you -- for longer term, it will grow. But it's still not substantial.
Teresa S. Madden: Right. Yes, we still believe that the Black Dog is the right, based on the current updated, 300-megawatt load is the right approach. And we just filed for reconsideration to that ALJ recommendation. So...
Teresa S. Madden: We're still waiting for the results, but we're confident. We're, I should say, optimistic that it will come in where we expect it to come in.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, with that, thank you for all participating in our year-end earnings call this morning. Please contact us, Paul Johnson and the IR team, with any follow-up questions. Thank you.
