Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Thanks, Paul, and good morning, everyone. I'm very pleased to report 2012 ongoing earnings of $1.82 per share compared to $1.72 per share in 2011. This represents a 6% increase, consistent with our long-term objective of growing EPS 5% to 7%. It also marks the eighth consecutive year in which we have met or exceeded our earnings guidance and the third consecutive year in which we've delivered earnings in the upper half of our guidance range. In addition to strong earnings growth, we raised our dividend $0.04 or nearly 4%, consistent with our long-term commitment to increase the dividend 2% to 4% annually. The financial results are particularly satisfying, considering some of the headwinds we faced in the beginning of 2012. But our financial results are only one part of many successes we had in 2012. Notably, we continue to make significant investments to refresh aging infrastructure and improve reliability. Key projects remain on track and on budget. For example, in Texas, construction of the Jones 4 unit is now 85% complete, and we continue to target a May 2013 in-service date. In Colorado, we continue to make progress on the Clean Air-Clean Jobs Act project. Also in 2012, we continued our transmission build-out, investing over $700 million in a variety of projects throughout our service territories. All 4 initial CapX2020 projects have received state regulatory approval and are now in the construction phase. In addition, the entire Bemidji-Grand Rapids 230 kV line is now fully energized. Looking ahead, we plan to invest over $1 billion in 2013 transmission projects. To finance these initiatives, we took advantage of historically low interest rates, issuing $1.8 billion in first mortgage bonds in 2012. Our credit quality remains high, and there's strong demand for our bonds. More specifically, at NSP-Minnesota, we issued a $300 million 10-year bond priced at a 2.15% coupon, and a $500 million 30-year bond priced at a 3.4% coupon. Both of these represented record low utility coupons for their respective tenors. The $800 million of PSCo bonds were issued at slightly higher rates, but still among the lowest for the utility sector. Locking in these low rates will provide benefits to our customers for years to come. Our customers also benefited from continued high levels of reliability. As you recall, the mild winter gave way to a hot and stormy summer season. I'm proud to say that our system held up extraordinarily well, and our reliability scores were among the best in the nation. Good reliability underscores how our strategy of prudently investing in our systems results in excellent service, even when faced with extreme weather cycles and events. Our customers appreciate excellent service, as our consistently high satisfaction scores indicate. And 2012 was a big year with several rate cases completed and filed. Of note, we implemented a multi-year plan in Colorado and reached constructive outcomes in several other cases. Finally, I'm really proud of how we achieved these results. We improved employee safety by almost 20%, making 2012 our best year ever. In summary, I couldn't have asked for a better first full year as Chairman and CEO. We certainly plan to build on these successes and add to our solid track record of performance in 2013 and beyond. So with that, I'll now turn the call over to Teresa.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean, I don't know if I -- first of all, I don't know if I'd classify it as tension, if I heard you right. As far as the multiyear plans go, I mean, the Commission continues to study that and we'll get their reaction -- their formal reaction later in the year. So that, along with some other reasons is the reason why we filed a single test year case this year, and that's what we're proceeding to march forward with. As far as what we'll do in 2014 and 2015 we'll obviously take a look at what the Commission decides on the applicability of a multi-year test years, and we'll file accordingly.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, everything -- overall, on the residential side, it's safe to say everything is pretty flat. So then you move to the C&I side, and actually, the strongest C&I growth was in Wisconsin this year, followed by Texas, I think, followed by Colorado, which had small growth. And then we were -- we didn't grow at all in Minnesota for a number of reasons. That said, the economy definitely saw some signs of improvement in 2012. Housing permits were up. Job growth was better than the national average. Unemployment was equal to or better than the national average. So I think the economies are in decent shape across all our jurisdictions. Doesn't necessarily mean it translates to high sales growth. And that's consistent with our forecast. I mean, we're not anticipating that we're going to see a tremendous rebound in sales, even as the economies start to improve. I mean, I think, that's our new normal, frankly.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, Ali, I mean, we're always concerned when we're filing a rate case. But I mean, we've been filing rate cases for a number of years now and these issues are always reviewed. What is the Commission going to be interested in? The appropriate ROE, the appropriate equity ratio, whether expenses are justified. And I think we'll do fine in just all of those areas. I mentioned, and I think Teresa did too, I mean, we issued some of the lowest record coupons of debt last year. Well, you can't do that unless you have a good credit profile. And if you -- and I think our Commissions understand that. And so while I think it gets looked at, I think, at the end of the day, the constructive regulatory compact continues.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yes, and, Ali, I think it's important to note that we are not anticipating a tremendous amount of sales growth. Therefore, we aren't anticipating the need for new generation. So, as you know, having followed us for years, our CapEx forecasts can certainly change as those out years become the current years. And we'll look at what's happening with the economy and what our customer needs are, et cetera. I think as we've also spoke about, if those CapEx plans don't change, Teresa is right, the rate base grow slows and that will translate to slower growth for us and of course, that's when we can do more with the dividend. And I think we've got lots of options to reward investors.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean, as Teresa and I both said, I think that's our expectation for the next couple of years. And after that, we'll have to take a look at what happens with our CapEx plans. Again, we're not -- as we just spoke to, we're not anticipating too much sales growth. That would certainly change. We'll have to see how the regulatory outcomes proceed and the macroeconomic conditions, et cetera, and environmental regulations which, by the way, we're very well-positioned to meet. But if the CapEx forecast stays the same, yes, I think you'll see that EPS growth rate modulate as we -- and again, it gives us a chance to take a look at what the growth rate of our dividend ought to be.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: And so we'll see. But regardless, I mean, we currently serve them, as you know, Travis. And so if they decide they don't want to serve us, that begins what is a pretty lengthy and long process, and we'll continue to serve them through that process.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Okay. Well, Andy, let me take a stab at it and I'll ask for help if we're not completing your question. I mean, the first thing, I think, you noted is our capital structure study was approved. And that has, I believe, the 52-point-something equity ratio in it. So -- and I think the questions were raised were how do we take advantage of this historically low interest rate environment, which of course we are. And we're doing that now because we can issue debt with good credit ratings which results in these great rates. So obviously, if you were to dilute that credit rating through a poor equity structure, you wouldn't be able to take advantage of that. So having the capital structure approved, I think, was a good signal. The other question, I think you asked was on an analyst's report that said if the ROE, I think, fell 500 basis points, it would have a $0.10 impact. I mean, we struggle a little bit to get that number too, and that's a pretty big fall. I think that also doesn't assume, Andy, that we would take any reaction to it, which I think is the latter part of your question. Certainly, if we had a major adjustment to our credit ratio, we'd have to adjust our financing plan. And I mean, there would be a number of ways you could do that. You would reduce equity injections from the whole co, et cetera, and you'd get the equity ratio to where the Commission wanted it to be. I don't think that would be a good result ultimately for our customers. And I do think that there has been more emphasis placed on it than perhaps it warrants. Again, we've got, I think, a thoughtful Commission and we've got a constructive regulatory compact. It's never easy to file rate cases. We take it very seriously. But all you have to look at is what are we trying to accomplish? Relicensing our nuclear plants for another 20 years, keeping our infrastructure reliable and resilient and being on the forefront of getting ready for these environmental challenges, which I think really are starting to pay dividend for our customers as we look at mats, rules and other things like that, that we've been very well prepared for. So I do think there's any question we're spending our money in the right place. And I don't think there's any question that a strong balance sheet is necessary to complete these capital programs. So, biggest risk we face every year is public policy risk, and we've been facing it for years and managing it. And I'm cautiously optimistic we'll have a good year managing those rate cases this year as well.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, maybe if we start with the AFUDC. In terms of the rate will, in part, be higher because we have higher equip balances this year. So that's a primary driver in terms of the variance there. And then the interest expense, the changes in that, I mean, we basically refinanced a substantial amount of debt during the year. But that was all completed by the end of the third quarter, so the differences are driving that fourth quarter variance.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, it's -- in Minnesota, we've had a lot of spend in CapX2020. We've also had a lot of spend in Clean Air-Clean Jobs in Colorado. So those are the 2 biggest, and Jones 4 also in Texas. So those are the big projects that we're working on right now.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, maybe if we could start with 2012 variance to '11, we only had an increase of 1.7%. So we have a relatively low level that we're starting from in 2012. So it's driving somewhat the increase of 4% to 5%. But the drivers in terms of 2013, we'll start with nuclear. We do have some increases in our nuclear costs. The second piece of that is pensions. Pensions, we are assuming now a 4% discount rate, so we're seeing increases in that. And then we have just some -- across the board, some higher insurance, some small amount of bad debt and some chemicals in some of our plant-related costs. In the long run, we expect to go back to a 3% to 4% overall increase on an annual basis.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, maybe I'll start with 2013. We haven't closed out January, so we haven't actually seen our January results. But we would expect to see consistent what we saw last year. Again, the drivers of it are primarily the same thing in terms of some efficiency use among our customers, but the same overall trends to a certain degree that we've seen in our electric business.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, the regulatory lag tends to be between 50 to 100 basis points, and it's going to depend which jurisdiction has had the most recent rate increase in place. So we tend to have more regulatory lag, like in Texas, where we're using a historical test year. Although I will say that in terms of ROEs relative to the 2012 period, they actually ended up in the 9%. So really, if we just look at 2012, all utilities, except for NSP-Min, we're in 9% return range, actually in the middle, and NSP-Minnesota was slightly less than 9%. But we're seeing some regulatory lag in part. That's why we're filing such a large case.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, I mean, as you can see in the release, Ali, we expect -- we have changed that number now to $400 million over the next 5 years. We do have, as you can see, our capital program is very front-end loaded in terms of the 5-year period. So we do think we have flexibility in terms of issuing equity and it probably will be more front-end loaded, either 2013 or 2014. But we've provided for that range and that's really indicating we do believe we have some flexibility.
Teresa S. Madden: If we look at the first 2 years, I mean, we continue at our 6% rate, and then that will -- that'd be '13 and '14, and then, of course then, we taper down after that through the remainder of the period.
Teresa S. Madden: Sure. I mean, in terms of 2013, maybe if I just talk about it by operating company. We're -- for NSP-Minnesota, we're looking at a decrease of about 1.2%, NSP-Wisconsin expected to be flat. In Colorado, just under 1%, actually, that's more about 0.6%. And in Colorado -- I mean, excuse me, and in Texas, over -- just around 3%, I would say. So overall, we expect it to come in between up to 0.5% on a consolidated basis.
Teresa S. Madden: I don't think we see any particularly at risk. I mean, a lot of them are infrastructure projects. We have some transmission projects that are underway that we need to complete like CapX2020. We have some larger ones in progress in Texas as well, so in terms of that risk, we don't see that right now.
Teresa S. Madden: Yes. We were speaking year-to-date. And what Ben indicated, we have seen some uptick in the sand mining industry. So maybe we have some more upside in Wisconsin as we look forward. But we're being conservative about that. Clearly, we've seen the oil and gas impact.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, there's 2 things that have changed. First, we've taken out the $200 million related to the EPU uprate in Minnesota that we're -- that's the Prairie Island, which we're not pursuing. And then we've also incorporated the impacts of -- President Obama just signed into law the extension of bonus depreciation for 2013 at the 50% level, which for us, will actually continue into 2014, because of our long-term projects. So it's a combination of those that are driving the decrease in terms of that need.
Teresa S. Madden: Sure. I mean, in total, it's about $300 million, about 2/3 of that or about $200 million in '13, and $100 million in '14.
Teresa S. Madden: Sure. Thank you for all participating in our year-end earnings call this morning. Please contact Paul Johnson and the IR team if you have any follow-up questions.
