David Sparby: Thanks Ben. Now let's take a look at the details of our first quarter results starting with a review of each of our subsidiary. During the quarter earnings at PSCo increased $0.06 per share largely due to the rate increases that went into effect in July 2009 and January 2010. At NSP-Minnesota, earnings decreased by $0.02 per share due to warm winter weather and higher O&M costs. At NSP-Wisconsin, earnings declined by $0.01 per share due to fuel recovery, sluggish sales and higher O&M cost. Higher electric rates effective January 2010 offset some of these negative factors.  At SPS, earnings were flat for the quarter as higher operating costs offset new rates that went into effect in February and July of 2009. Next I’ll discuss the drivers that affected various lines of the income statement beginning with retail electric margin. Electric margin increased by $46 million for the first quarter of 2010. The increase was largely driven by rate increases in Colorado, Texas, Wisconsin and New Mexico which improved electric margin by $57 million.  Conservation revenue increased by $13 million; however this revenue is largely offset by higher conservation and DSM expense. Retail sales increases excluding the impact of weather increased electric margin by $6 million. These positive factors were partially offset by a variety of smaller items which are detailed in our earnings release. We also had strong gas margins which increased $12 million in the first quarter. The increase was largely due to an interim rate increase in Minnesota, the impact of weather and higher weather normalized sales.  Turning to expenses, first quarter O&M expenses increased about $9 million or about 2%. While we did a nice job of keeping cost increases to a minimal level for the quarter, some of this reflects expense timing as we expect that annual O&M cost will increase approximately 6 to 7% for the year. Next I’ll provide you with an update on our financing plans. We have updated our plants as a result of our agreement to acquire two natural gas generation plants from Calpine. The acquisition was not included in our previous capital expenditure forecast.  In addition to periodic issuance and repayment of short term debt, we plan to issue the following securities at the holding company. Plan to issue approximately $500 million of long term debt during the second quarter of 2010. In addition we planned to issue approximately $400 million of equity in 2010 or 2011.  At NSP-Minnesota, our financing plans have not changed. We planned to issue approximately $500 million of first mortgage bond in the third quarter of 2010. We also now planned to issue approximately $400 million of first quarter bonds – first mortgage bonds at PSCo in the fourth quarter of 2010.  Generally speaking the proceeds from these transactions will be used to fund their capital investment program, term out our short term debt from 2010 bond maturities and for general corporate purposes. In addition, a portion of the proceeds from the holding company transactions will be used to infuse equity into our utility subsidiaries. Our financing plan will enable us to maintain a solid balance sheet and strong credit metrics. As you’re probably aware our financing plans are subject to change depending on capital expenditures, internal cash generation, market conditions and other factors.  Lastly, we have a fairly light regulatory schedule, but let me give you a quick update on our pending and planned rate cases. In November we filed a request with the Commission to increase Minnesota gas rates by $16 million for 2010. The request is based on an ROE of 11% and equity ratio of 52.5% and a rate base of $441 million. The interim rates of $11.1 million went into effect in January and we expect the decision late this year.  In 2009, PSCo filed to increased to Colorado wholesale rates by $30 million based on a 12.5% ROE, a 58% equity ratio and a rate base of $315 million. We are in settlement discussions with our wholesale customers and expect rates to go into effect later in 2010. Finally, in the coming months we’ve planned to file a Texas retail case in May and a Wisconsin re-opener later this summer. We expect final rates from both cases to go into effect in 2010.  This concludes my prepared remarks. Operator, we can now take questions. Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey:  Thank you, good morning. 
David Sparby: Well we continued to evaluate 11 very closely, we have both on increasing rate base as well as increasing pension costs, so we’re continuing to look closely at our larger jurisdictions especially here in Minnesota, Ali. Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey : Thank you. 
David Sparby: Yes and just to add to that, if we weren’t seeing a change in demand just looking at the change in energy, it’d be closer to $20 million but again that’s a very general rule of thumb.   
Benjamin Fowke: It of course depends a little bit on the company Nathan and a little bit on the class that’s affected, but if you look to impact both demand and energy change together it’d be about $30 million.  
Benjamin Fowke: And Nathan, you remember this is Ben, you remember last year we were addressing this question and we kind of used that $30 million rule of thumb but it really, the impact wasn’t as severe because we were seeing declines and places that have more demand based revenue than gettable recovery. So to Dave’s point, it really depends but that’s just a real rough rule of thumb. 
Benjamin Fowke: Well we’re of course measuring from a very low point last year Nathan that we had seen significant drop off in sales first quarter of last year, so quarter-to-quarter it looks a little greater, but you shouldn’t think as that is necessarily representative of what you’ll see in the later quarters and although this past quarter we have seen some nice pickup in Colorado in SPS, frankly we haven’t seen it at NSP-Minnesota or NSP-Wisconsin. So we’re cautiously optimistic but we’re not at the point of saying we’re going to beat that 1%. 
Benjamin Fowke: Sure, we’d expect the commission to give us a decision before year end and I think realistically you’d expect some type of rider recovery to begin in January 2011.  :
Benjamin Fowke: No, that’s a fair interpretation, I mean we obviously there is a timeframe that we provided 10 or 11 with respect to when we’ll issue that so you shouldn’t read into our guidance that we’ve made a decision other than that.  
Benjamin Fowke: Well, Mark I’ll say that we are seeing that trend that the large industrial customers are recovering and they are recovering first, but just like as demand declined they were the first to decline and we saw the smaller C&I customers decline later. On the recovery we’re seeing the large C&I especially those affected by the stimulus bill for example those that manufacture parts for the automobile industry recover first but our C&I sales altogether are still being anchored by small C&I which haven’t seen the benefits or recovery get to them yet.   
Benjamin Fowke: Yes, clearly Colorado and SPS have seen more of a net recovery in that regard large C&I offset the slow recovery of C&I. Here we haven’t seen that yet, we’ve seen large C&I recovered but slow C&I continues to lag them. 
Benjamin Fowke: Yes, that proposal never made it out of committee. So it’s no longer being considered in the legislature. There is a bill reflecting some reporting requirements that are already pretty much incorporated into the sates regulatory framework. So there really isn’t anything of any significance pending at this point.  
Benjamin Fowke: Alright, well thank you everyone for participating in our first quarter call. If there is any additional questions, please call Paul Johnson and our IR team. 
