Brian Van Abel: Hey, Jeremy, good morning. We are certainly seeing the disruptions and given you saw the impacts in our earnings release and all the impacts it's had on the panel supply. No, we're in regular contact with developers, whether it's on BOT projects or PPAs that are going to work. So even as we think about we're going into potential RFPs in Minnesota and Colorado later this year. Yes, I don't think there's necessarily a consensus. I think there's a good argument for it, not to be affirmed in terms of a tariff, but we'll wait and see where the Department of Commerce rules on it. Certainly, right, it'll be the preliminary finding at the end of August will be the first real data point and then we'll see how things go from there. For us, I think we're in a good spot. Solar CapEx is less than 3% of our overall five year CapEx plan. And we have flexibility to delay our projects, the Sherco Solar Project in the Western Mustang. So we really just pushed them later into our five year plan. I just want to note that we are very committed to those projects, both the Sherco Solar and Western Mustang. Well, Sherco Solar is going to be the largest solar farm in Minnesota. We're pretty excited about it. We can reuse a coal transmission interconnection. It reinvest tax base into that community and also able to create good local paying union construction jobs. So we are very committed to that and look forward to working with our intervenors and our stakeholders and the commission as we bring forward a new plan on that. But really, we just asked for some time, as you said, to work through kind of what the real supply chain impacts are here. I think broader -- or on a broader note, I think this really points to the importance of getting a domestic clean energy supply chain. And hopefully, with this event and some of the other global events that are happening as we can get some legislation passed in Washington, as Bob noted, there's a lot of incentives for clean energy manufacturing, and we're very supportive of that and then also very supportive on the tax credit side for production of wind, solar, hydrogen. I think that will be absolutely great for our customers long-term. So we certainly weighing in where we can on this issue.
Brian Van Abel: Yes, different nomenclature of different companies. The way we've talked about it recently, like we still see a good opportunity. But I think for us, the next opportunity comes through the RFPs that we're issuing after we resolve the -- Minnesota resolved the ERP, and we're waiting on the Colorado commission to approve our revised ERP settlement. So I think that's the process for us in the near-term in terms of seeing some potential PPA buyout opportunities as it will get bid into an RFP and we have a nice process set up so we don't have to work outside of that. I think -- so as I think about it longer term with where gas prices are today and call the upward step change in long-term gas forecast as I think it provides us more opportunity on wind. Even if you see higher capital cost for wind pushed up by inflation or on the solar side, right? That comparison against gas being kind of the marginal fuel, the offset fuel is -- will make the renewable strategy and buyout opportunities more valuable for our customers and we have to demonstrate customer benefit. And then the other data point to watch and we've spoken about it before is an extension of the long-term extension of PTCs just provides a longer run rate for us to look at buying something else, repowering them because we've been very successful at our recent buyouts that have been buyout and repower. So that's a little bit of commentary before. But I think when you think about inflationary costs on renewables relative to how we look at it for customer benefit and what the fuels you offset is I think they'll still hunt.
Brian Van Abel: Yes. No, I think it's more about the commission when there's a process upcoming like an RFP. The commission -- it makes sense for us to follow that RFP and have that process already laid out versus doing a separate one-off regulatory approval.
Brian Van Abel: It's really the implementation of new rates with the rate cases in Colorado and New Mexico. And so that will be offset by the revenue with it. So it's really earnings neutral and just the implementation of new rates. That comes out of the rate case.
Brian Van Abel: Travis, it's a good question. One of the reasons why, at least in Minnesota, we've slowed down the RFP is to see if we can get some visibility into the preliminary finding for the tariff investigation. And so I think that will help. But these are longer term. We're looking to source renewable projects, '25 and beyond. So I think it's a fair question, and you certainly could see some shift from solar to wind maybe in the near term. But ultimately, the way we look at it long term, we are adding a lot. We do need a lot of solar and wind, we need that resource diversity from wind and solar. And so it's not just purely a cost perspective. It's what is called the capacity accreditation for solar. So there's a little bit more nuance going into it, even if you do see some changes in overall capital costs.
Brian Van Abel: So Travis, we expect approval in, call it, the summer time frame, MISO July time frame. And then certainly, we would need to go through a certificate of need process with our commissions. But right now, we don't have any of that MISO capital that in, call it, Tranche 1 in our five year plan. So could you start to see it in the '25-'26 time frame? Certainly, potentially. And we'll give you more visibility into that as we get some ourselves with the approval of MISO and then we start the regulatory proceedings at the state level.
Brian Van Abel: Yes, Nick, good question. That's -- clearly, it's hit some headlines here in April as a result of that planning auction. And I would say it was unexpected by parties, right? You had the capacity payment last year, right, was $5 per megawatt per day, and it hit the cost of new entry here. And ultimately, MISO was short when you look at the numbers. I think it really highlights the importance of dispatchable generation in making this transition reliably and methodically. And I think you saw that in our commission decision with our resource plan, is they saw the need for us to add dispatchable generation as we shut down our coal units. And so -- but for us, in this auction specifically, we're long. And so it's a benefit to us. And ultimately, it will be a benefit to our customers. And the way we look at it is it will flow through in our Minnesota rate case and help us mitigate our electric rate case and hopefully facilitate a settlement. So overall, it's -- we're in a good position with the capacity auction. And it's important and just a credit to how we think about this transition and ensure that we have the capacity to serve our customers.
Brian Van Abel: Yes. That's fair. I mean it was the one caveat that we've spoken about before is, no, we get federal legislation pass that does help us from a financing perspective, improves our credit metrics. So -- but if we don't get that, then that's a good way to think about how we finance incremental capital.
Brian Van Abel: So Ryan, I think you're talking about the potential incremental capital that we need for the Colorado Power Pathway that we have -- we have call it upside, but we haven't identified yet around voltage support system stability.
Brian Van Abel: I think it really depends. It's a tough one to answer because it depends on exactly where these projects are or end up being located. And so I think it's a little bit too early to say if we shift some more to wind than solar because it is so location dependent, asset-dependent and how we think about it. So we certainly -- a broader point is we absolutely believe we need that capital, and it's just more of where it's going to be located. We've talked about it, a lot of it's -- I think of the 345 that we're building is a freeway and these are the on-ramps and off-ramps, and so we'll need it. But it's a fair question. We just don't -- there needs to be a little bit more visibility into what the actual portfolio could look like and a marginal shift between wind and solar probably doesn't change that number much.
Brian Van Abel: And Ryan, just to add on to that, I absolutely agree with what Bob said in terms of longer term. In the short term, certainly, we expected some solar plus storage projects come online in Colorado, and we're negotiating with the developers there about the impacts we're seeing. So we'll evaluate alternative opportunities to ensure we have reliability in the system.
Brian Van Abel: Yes, Dave. And on Uri we are awaiting that ALJ decision, we should get it at the end of May about the 25th. And we're still fairly far apart with the office of Attorney General and Department of Commerce. I mean, if you read our testimony and our comments, we strongly disagree with their assertions. And we believe we acted prudently in accordingly to the commission approved hedging procedures, really for the best interest of our customers. So we'll await that ALJ recommendation. And then once you get the ALJ recommendation, it should likely be in August with the commission decision on that. On the rate cases, it is -- it's still early in the proceeding. There's a couple of other rate cases in front of us that they call it or have been serially working through. So we haven't a lot of discovery yet in the electric or gas case. So not a whole lot to update you on. But certainly, as we get through the year, like I said, we talked about, so the MISO capacity auction being helped mitigating the impacts we've seen really good sales growth in Minnesota and our economy is strong here in Minnesota. So it's a good thing to see that, hopefully, as we get later in the year and can start to talk about settlement opportunities with intervenors and we can reach a pretty constructive outcome for all of our parties.
Brian Van Abel: Thank you all for participating in earnings call this morning. Please contact our Investor Relations team with any follow-up questions.
Robert Frenzel: Yes. Jeremy, it's Bob. We said that we've got about 4,000 megawatts of new renewables as part of this resource plan. As it pertains specifically to Comanche 3 replacement, we're going to need a separate regulatory proceeding to address the capacity replacement and the energy replacement of that unit, and we expect that to be maybe two to three years from now.
Robert Frenzel: Yes. Look, we see great opportunity and great need for transmission expansion in the upper Midwest and is one of the largest transmission owners in the country. Our expectations for Future 1 and Tranche 1 really haven't changed. That's still a bit of our same range one to two in Tranche 1, and five to six over Future 1. And then if you think about longer-term in the country nationally, when you look at MISO's Future 3, that looks a little bit more like what would match something that has the decarbonization plans of the United States embedded into it. So we see great opportunity here. Only thing that's changed in our view was a little bit of a delay in the timing of the MISO publishing the results and then getting Board approval for the plans. But our investment opportunity looks very similar.
Robert Frenzel: Sure. Happy to chat about it. Look, Unit 3 went down in January. In our fourth quarter call, we indicated that it was likely going to be a two months repair. After inspection and discovery, it looks more like a four month repair and our cost looks more like $25 million as opposed to the $9 million or $10 million we talked about in the first quarter. I feel comfortable with that in that the collector rings on the generator, which is what we needed to repair, were sourced, have been procured and have been delivered to the United States, and we're starting reassembly as early as this week. So our June time frame, I feel pretty comfortable about. We did have higher purchase power costs to replace that unit, and that's reflective of the $25 million estimate that we put out there. And look, longer term, the reliability of that unit, I think early in its life, it had some asset challenges, and they're largely behind us. And I think we've spent a lot of time on operational excellence at -- in our generation fleet broadly and in Colorado, in particular. And I think we should have sustained reliability in that unit for the balance of the decade.
Robert Frenzel: Yes. So Travis, this is Bob. Just to add on to what Brian said. When you think about our renewable mix right now, we're about 11 gigs of wind and two gigs of solar, if you count community and rooftop in that number. As we look forward, the 10,000 megawatts that we're likely to add over the next decade is probably 60-40 wind solar, but that's for us, and it's indicative of our needs and where we -- what our starting point is. You asked a good question about nationally, could you see a shift towards wind in lieu of solar. I think it's going to be company dependent, but you do raise a nice thoughtful point around the wind supply chain looks a little bit more certain right now than the solar supply chain. But again, we expect the DOC outcome sometime in August, and we're hopeful to not have a significant tariff there for the benefit of our customers. And in the meantime, just the fact that we've got still working hard on federal legislation for tax credits recognizing that with inflationary pressures on both, all these will be mitigants for clean energy transition across the country.
Robert Frenzel: It's a great question. I appreciate it, Ryan. This is Bob. If you saw on both of our resource plans, we have continuing need for firm dispatchable resources. In the upper Midwest, we got a separate certificate process to build back firm capacity in the upper Midwest, similarly in the Colorado resource plan proposal. So we recognize the need for reliability. Now you'll see that we moved in the upper Midwest, for example, from a combined cycle to combustion turbines. We do think that with the geographic advantage in the place that we sit in the country, we do have high capacity factors for wind and coincident on peak solar. So we do think that the assets that need to come back are largely combustion turbines. We're prepared and have offered in all of our jurisdictions to be able to co-fire those with green hydrogen when and if that becomes available. And so we're looking at the very low capacity factors, but a real need for system reliability. As I think about CTs broadly, it's a bit of an insurance policy. We need them for the very rare times when the sun doesn't shine and the wind doesn't blow and the batteries aren't available, but it's a great insurance policy to have.
