Robert C. Frenzel: So Stephen, right now, we currently own about 850 megawatts out of 6,700 megawatts. Of the new amount that we've proposed, we would own about 74% (14:36).
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah. Stephen, I'd just add that we've had good consumer industrial class sales, particularly in our Wisconsin and our Southwestern business over the past year. We are focused on economic developments. And what usually lags the large C&I sales is often residential sales. And I think you're seeing a pickup in residential in the Southwestern business as well, as the jobs and the opportunities continue to move into the Southwest. So we're buoyed by that. I don't know if I – I totally agree with Ben's overall assessment on trend, which is relatively flat for some period of time.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah, Greg, it's a good question. It's weather growth. It was favorable sales in the first half of the year. I'd say there's some timing of equity. I think our full year regulated forecast looks slightly above 9% right now, and some of that's expected equity infusions into SPS as we increase the equity ratio there as well.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah, there's a extensive disclosure on where we are with our respective jurisdictions, and I won't go into all of them. I think the way we characterize the effective tax rate disclosure in the earnings release is, as we've given kind of two ranges, and as we work through regulatory settlements in each of our jurisdiction, our long-term rate is the effective tax rate looks probably like 8% to 10%. But with where we are with regulatory outcomes, we're still in that 15% to 17% with the differential being revenue and revenue retention. But longer term, it's in that single-digit number, high single digits.
Robert C. Frenzel: That's exactly right. We put a pretty good disclosure in the earnings release around how we've recognized the lower tax rate, and then, we've changed the revenue assumptions accordingly, and you can see that give and take in the disclosure. And I just – what I said that our longer term tax rate was with single-digit, I meant for full year 2018, assuming full regulatory outcomes in all of our jurisdictions. Where we refund the benefits of tax reform to our customers, we'd expect that to be in the 8% to 10% range.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah, no I think that's right, Chris. We expect when the weather turns favorable that we would invest. We do have higher needs, and so, we'll invest some of that back into our system. But other favorability, we've seen year-to-date sales favorability, year-to-date depreciation favorability from the pace of in-servicing and year-to-date favorability and expected favorability and property taxes and other items. And so with that, we feel comfortable with the increase in the range.
Robert C. Frenzel: We expect to file a case for revenue purposes and the settlement or the discussions we're having with stakeholders around when and how and what to file is really more around exactly those three questions, not necessarily whether we have to file. We had an obligation to file in 2018 – or 2017 under the Clean Air Clean Jobs Act. We did file. We indicated that we didn't have a significant revenue need in 2018, but that the revenue need would be larger in 2019 and 2020, and we're working with all the stakeholders to come up with a plan and a proposal to move that electric case forward. But there's no obligation on our side that we reached in the April agreement on tax reform.
Robert C. Frenzel: Ali, I think there's a bit of volatility in that number, but I don't think it's significant. I mean I think we expect to be in and around, as Ben said, the high end of the range and potentially exceeded. But there'll be some years where we'll be below it, in some years, we'll be above it. It won't be 6.000%.
Robert C. Frenzel: I think I'll just add a thing to that, Ali, which is as part of the gas case, we did agree to defer the TCJA impact to a separate proceeding and we've got another opportunity to work with the Commission and the staff on the impact of tax reform on our credit in Colorado. And so, we have another opportunity, and our proposal is to raise that equity ratio to 57% and we'll do that in that follow-on tax proceeding.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah. Andy, let me give you just a little bit of perspective. We've been as high as an equity ratio in Colorado with 60%. The Commission and the Staff there have historically recognized that the strong credit profile of the company is important. We've been stepping down from 60% over many years. And then, this last rate case proceeding with both the gas and the electric, we had agreed to file with the Commission a lower rate than 56%, which is where we were in our last cases. And that was – we filed 55% and 55.25% respectively in those two cases, that was before tax reform. And so, we all recognized the tax reform challenges, the credit profiles of those companies a little bit. So we've asked in our proceedings whether they're in the case or whether they're in separate tax dockets to increase the ratio of that company to preserve its credit rating. Those are ongoing and I do think that over time, I think the trend that the Commission would like to see is the equity ratio to come down mildly, but I don't think I'd be concerned. I think we've been pacing it for the past five years or six years, but I do think we've taken a pause with regard to tax reform and we do believe in our recommendation to the Commission and the Staff 57% is actually the right number to be at for, for the time being.
Robert C. Frenzel: Well, I think, broadly speaking, tax reform, as we change bonus depreciation and the impacts on deferred taxes that your primary credit metrics of FFO to debt or CFO to debt all declined. And so, on a net-net basis, I think that absolutely our cash flow metrics for both S&P and Moody's have declined. And so, if we want to preserve the credit ratios of these companies, then, there's a couple of alternatives, one of which is to improve the cash flow and you can do that through accelerated depreciation, which we filed for in our Colorado electric utility and that's at the ALJ for determination if we can amortize the prepaid pension benefit that will have cash flow benefits and that will have credit benefits. The other way to do it is with equity ratios or higher ROEs, in our estimation, the higher equity ratio is the cheapest way for the customers to preserve the credit rating of that company and that's been our recommendation, some portfolio of both accelerated depreciation and higher equity ratios to preserve the credit ratios at the Public Service Colorado Company.
Robert C. Frenzel: Thank you all for participating in our earnings call this morning. Please contact our Investor Relations team with any follow-up questions.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. I mean I'll let Bob add as well. I mean I think the trend we're seeing generally is we're seeing good customer growth, so new stores, if you will, but within those – that the customer usage, it's actually declining. I think primarily driven by energy efficiencies, some of which were leading to our own programs and I think that's a trend that will continue. Now, clearly, we're optimistic and want to help lead the clean energy transition, particularly as it relates electric vehicles, which will be great load for the utility industry. But I think the long-term trend is relatively flat sales going forward and that's what we're planning for.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I think you're talking about – you're asking the question to file the general rate case and our decision whether to – what year and what the timing of that case would be and if we're required to do it. Is that your question? I think we're...
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, no Ali, we're talking – you should base it off of last year. That's what we're basing our 5% to 6% long-term growth rate on. That said, I think we are well-positioned in this forecast period, the five-year forecast period, to be at the top end potentially exceeding that 5% to 6% range. Clearly, the approval of the CEP plan would be helpful in that goal.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I would say, if I remember right, that was a two to one decision. So that wasn't a unanimous decision by the Commission to bring it down to 9.35%. And as Bob said on his prepared remarks, we're disappointed with that. We run a top quartile utility in terms of cost, reliability and safety. And I think as everybody knows that takes investment and that's exactly what we're trying to do in Colorado and other jurisdictions. And long-term, you need good constructive regulatory outcomes to continue to be a top quartile utility, which is what we want to be. So that was a disappointment. But Ali, the treasury rates continue to rise and I think we'll have to have continued dialogue with our Commissions about the need for – that ROE does matter in our business. So what it tells me we need to do is we need to be more persuasive and communicate better the importance of good regulatory outcomes to achieve the kind of results that I think our customers really appreciate and benefit from.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I think the proceedings will be bifurcated. I think our schedule for the gas tax reform proceeding is hearings in August – the filings in August, hearings in September, and a Commission decision later this year.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean, we're talking right now about the timing of the rate case and how we would file that. So I mean those discussions are already ongoing. Our history there is we've had two successful multi-year rate case filings. So I don't think we're breaking new ground if we choose to file a multi-year plan. I also would say, I mean, I think we've got opportunities to move that ROE up. And if you look at, I think, the perception of the Commission on ROE, they tend to think that the gas side of the business can get by, if you will, don't necessarily agree with, but get by with a lower ROE. So I wouldn't use the outcome in the gas case as the proxy for how the electric case is going to go.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah, I know if you don't get good recovery in the long-term, you have to adjust for it, but it should not impact our short-term plans. And remember, we also filed for a pipeline integrity rider, which covers about half of our CapEx. So we've got another bite of the gas apple, if you will, too in addition to tax reform, the tax reform filing Bob mentioned.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. So it's – I don't know necessarily if it's replicable. That said, we want to have those kinds of discussions with our Commissions. But again, this is a pretty unique deal, very innovative.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah, it is, but I view solar a little bit differently than wind Julien. And then, I think with wind, we're probably locking in with the 100% or in the case of Dakota Range, the 80% PTC wind prices that as those PTCs start to diminish and ultimately fall off, I think it'll take the technology a while to catch back up and – a decade. And I don't bet against technology, but I think that's probably where we are. So we want it to lock into that economic energy source. Solar, of course, has a capacity element to it. And I believe solar is going to continue to fall in price and very quickly offset the fall off of the ITC. So I'm more inclined to match our solar resources with our capacity needs. And as you know, our capacity needs tend to be more in the mid-2020s and beyond. So we're doing some solar, but as you know, we made an alternative recommendation in our preferred portfolio in Colorado, which would just go a little bit lighter on solar and some of the storage elements, because we think the technology is going to continue to improve and we'll have other opportunities to lock in great prices.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: But I mean, I think, within a reasonable zone, I don't see us – we would move forward with this plan. We'd have to look at what the revenue requirements and how they relate to the rest of our business.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: So I mean, I don't see that – I don't – I think if the – I think you can count on us. Let me answer this way: you can count on us. Barring some really extreme circumstances, we'd move forward with the CEP plan. And we do expect it to get approved and we're excited about where it's going to put us in terms of the environmental improvements we're going to make on the behalf of our customers.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I don't think you can double or triple it. I think what you'd be more inclined, as some of the older wind projects start to roll off, you upgrade through repowering. But when I look at where we'll probably focus on in the 2020s, it'll probably be more oriented towards solar as, again, we start to need the capacity to replace retiring coal plants. Doesn't mean we can't do more wind. We will, but as I've said before, Travis, this was the opportunity to buy wind on sale and I don't think that prices are going to be this compelling for a while. So we really – we loaded up.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: And they had some questions about what the actual level of savings are, but back to my earlier comment, I mean this is a great place to be. When we're talking about well, maybe the savings aren't going to be as high as what your modeling assumption is, of course, modeling has many different assumptions in it, but the reality is, I mean we're talking about saving customers money while replacing a coal plant and improving the environment. I mean, it's just an amazing story. So yeah, I'm really excited about it and I have to believe our Commission is really excited about it too.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah, we wanted to get it right. And there was a lot of different bids that came in and a lot of – and the Commission, of course, asked for different scenarios and iterations than we wanted to be responsive to that and it took time, that's all the delay was about.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, one thing I'd point out, Andy – this is Ben – is that that 60% ratio when we obtained that, that was – if you remember, back in the mid-2000s S&P was imputing capacity payments as a form of debt on the balance sheet. So we successfully argued that the equity ratio needed to be higher, again, from a credit metric standpoint. And over time, we actually purchased some of those PPAs or they've rolled off. And so, there was a legitimate reason why you could take the equity ratio down. I think now, to Bob's point, we've got another credit issue would say that the credit ratio has to be at least paused, and then, the 57% is the level we're recommending. There's always going to be a push/pull though, I mean that for the obvious revenue requirement reasons, so I don't think it's like a burning desire. I just think it's something that requires continued dialogue.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean – yeah, I mean – but all that – you have to work harder to achieve it obviously. You broke up a little bit, but I think you were saying if the equity ratio fell 300 basis points to 400 basis points, it wouldn't knock out our long-term growth plans. I mean it wouldn't be favorable for it, but we've got other things that – other levers to pull. So as you know, Andy, because you pushed us many times to raise that long-term growth rate, we don't plan for a perfect performance and everything when we put out projections. We like to run a conservative company. We do that in almost every aspect of the business, how we run the systems, how we plan for the systems, having margin in your credit accounts, making sure we have lines of credits that are always available. So I mean there is – I don't think there is any one thing that knocks – that derails us from our long-term growth rate.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Vedula, thanks for the question. When you look back at our electric case that we'd filed previously and some of the guidance and some of issues that were heard from the Commission, there was a real desire for us to file both a revenue case as well as a rate design case. And there's some complications with doing that for some of the previously decided issues. We've already decided depreciation and revenue associated with the Clean Air Clean Jobs Act. We've got rider and revenue recovery associated with the Rush Creek assets that will go in service in October or November this year. And we have tax reform out there. And so, those three large considerations, factor in to how we want to approach our next rate case with the Commission. We want to satisfy their request, which is revenue and rate design, but there are some complications and we're trying to resolve some of them in advance of the rate case.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Sure. Broadly speaking, Colorado, as well as some of our other jurisdictions have what I call – what I've historically called leakage in lag. There are some items that aren't recovered under our normal jurisdictional revenue. And then, there's lag in terms of capital implementation. So our gas business has historically been a historic test year, and so, there's lag associated with investments in the gas business. On the electric side, there are some items that we don't get full recovery on like a prepaid pension asset, which we historically have earned a debt return on. And so, that drives down the earned ROEs on a GAAP basis. When you think about it on a regulated basis, our electric company has earned at or close to its allowed regulated ROE. But there are some items that for regulatory purposes are non-recoverable. We're always working on trying to close that gap and we've done a decent job over the last couple of years and all of our companies to do that and we'll continue to work to close the differential between sort of our earned and are allowed.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: So if you're talking about the wind settlements in both Texas and New Mexico, if you remember, we were very adamant with our respective Commissions around needing what we called concurrent recovery and I think that, in principle, in both jurisdictions, we receive that in order to put the wind farms in. The wind investment represents almost 40% of the capital base of those companies and so getting concurrent recovery or near concurrent recovery on 40% of your asset base will rise the earned ROE for the rest of the business and that's just mathematically factually accurate.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah, I think in my prepared remarks, we said in a month or two. So I'd expect sometime in September we'll have a better idea and we'll be able to talk about it either in a press release or in conferences or in our third quarter earnings call.
