Benjamin Fowke: Thank you, Paul, and welcome to everyone on today’s call. This morning, we reported second-quarter ongoing earnings of $0.33 per share compared with $0.29 per share in 2010. As a result, we remain well-positioned to deliver ongoing earnings within our 2011 earnings guidance range of $1.65 to $1.75 per share. Dave will discuss second-quarter results in more detail in a few moments. Let me now bring you up-to-date on some recent developments, all of which are favorable to our customers and supportive of our goals. We continue to make excellent progress on our transmission construction plans, as witnessed most recently with the completion of the Midway project in Colorado, a project consisting of 82 miles of 345 kV transmission line. In June, we passed an important milestone regarding one of the CapX2020 transmission lines. The MISO Board of Directors granted approval for the Brookings transmission line on the condition that this project is included in the full portfolio of multi-value projects being approved in December 2011. Our CapX2020 transmission project remains on schedule. These transmission projects will facilitate access to renewable energy and improve reliability for our customers. There are also positive developments regarding our nuclear operations. We are pleased that the NRC renewed the operating licenses for our Prairie Island nuclear generating units for 20 years. The renewal will allow units one and two to continue to provide emission-free power to our customers through 2033 and 2034, respectively. These units have operated in a safe, reliable, economic, and environmentally sound manner for nearly 40 years and our significant investments to support life extension will enable continued solid performance for the next 20 years. Another positive event for our customers was the settlement we reached with the federal government regarding costs incurred by NSP and its customers related to the DOE’s failure to provide long-term spent fuel storage facility by the required deadline. Under the terms of the settlement, the federal government will pay NSP approximately $100 million for spent fuel storage costs at our nuclear plants incurred through 2008. The federal government will also pay for spent fuel storage costs incurred from 2009 through 2013. We project those costs to be an incremental $100 million. Finally, the settlement does not address costs for used fuel storage after 2013, which could be the subject of future litigation. Settlement funds will be refunded to our customers in our NSP service territory. As you know, we are striving to improve regulatory recovery and reduce regulatory lag in each of our jurisdictions. In that regard, another significant development occurred in Minnesota this spring, when a law was passed which allows utilities to file multi-year rate plans. As a result, we plan to seek to implement a multi-year plan that would establish rates for a three-year period, adjusting rates annually based on our investments and costs. We will first propose a multi-year plan in Minnesota, potentially followed by similar proposals in North Dakota and South Dakota. Undertaking a significant change in our regulatory process will require collaboration with stakeholders to demonstrate the benefits of the plan. We anticipate proposing to implement the plan concurrent with the 2013 Minnesota Electric Rate Case filing expected to be filed in November 2012. Finally, we continue to make significant progress on our efforts to provide our customers with competitively-priced renewable energy and to meet the 30% renewable portfolio standards in Minnesota and Colorado. We recently took advantage of favorable market conditions for the development of new wind projects by signing long-term renewable energy purchase agreements in Minnesota and Colorado. In Minnesota, we contracted to purchase 200 megawatts of wind energy to be generated at the Prairie Rose Wind Farm in Southwest Minnesota; while in Colorado, we agreed to purchase 200 megawatts of wind energy from the Limon Wind Energy Center. In addition, we’ve been negotiating with several wind developers for the potential ownership of a wind project in North Dakota. These projects will provide our customers with competitively-priced energy and increase the amount of emission-free generation in our portfolio. I’ll now turn the call over to Dave.
Benjamin Fowke: Yes, I think, I’m looking at the group, I think it’s probably about 50, maybe a little bit more of that, so that would imply that the regulated utilities are earning somewhere around $9.5, so about 100 basis points off of the authorized. So I mean that’s the opportunity and the challenge for us.Ali Agha – SunTrust Robinson Humphrey: Correct. You’re right. Thank you.
Benjamin Fowke: Travis, I mean, it’s basically the principle of conservativism. So that’s what we’re doing while we continue to push for a better outcome than what we’re reserving for.
Benjamin Fowke: Well, this is Ben. I mean, yes, you’re hearing a lot of press about it, but I think you’re starting to also see some of the facts come out. And the bottom line is that we believe municipalization would be a bad thing for the citizens and customers that reside in Boulder. I ultimately think the facts will speak for themselves and they won’t vote for municipalization. If they do, and I think it’d be an unfortunate thing if they vote for municipalization, be assured that we will make sure that we get a fair price and include elements of fair market value of our asset separation cost, stranded cost, etcetera. And we’ll make sure we get the price that we’re entitled to so that our customers in Colorado, outside of Boulder, aren’t harmed nor are our shareholders. But, in a nutshell, I think it’s a bad idea for Boulder. And I think what we offer in terms of price, reliability, and environmental leadership is pretty tough to beat.Jim Bellessa – D. A. Davidson & Co.: Thank you very much.
David Sparby: Good morning.Justin McCann – Standard & Poors Investment Advisory, Inc.: Two things; one, what are the conditions of the conditional approval for the Brookings transmission line? And two, an update on Minot.
David Sparby: What was the second half of that question, Justin? An update on...?Justin McCann – Standard & Poors Investment Advisory, Inc.: An update on Minot, the flooding.
David Sparby: Okay. Well, with respect to the Brookings line, the condition is the approval of the remainder of the portfolio under condition – under consideration at the end of the year. And, the flooding situation in Minot, the recovery tends to go well up there. Obviously, there was significant amount of damage to the system but it – we continue to recover as we planned.Justin McCann – Standard & Poors Investment Advisory, Inc.: Okay, thank you.
David Sparby: Sure, Ali. The – certainly, the first half of the year sales were a little weaker than we anticipated. It’s important to remember, though, there were some unique events in the first half of the year. We had the Texas cold snap if you recall. That was a fairly significant impact. Second quarter, in Colorado we had some large customers also that had some fairly unique situations. And, it’s also important to remember that our conservation programs, of course, are running very well for us in the first half of the year. That said, certainly our local economies, like others, face some headwinds from higher gasoline prices and other impacts during the first half of the year. And so, we are at the lower half of our guidance range that we provided in terms of sales for the remainder of the year.
David Sparby: We’ve said, Ali, that we don’t have any intention to offer equity this year and we have provided no guidance following 2011.
David Sparby: We would anticipate, yes, reserving another $15 million over the remainder of the year.Greg Reiss – Catapult Capital Management: Got it. Thanks, guys.
David Sparby: Well, we strongly believe that our request is appropriate and is consistent with the cost of the company so it remains our request. Our reserve reflects our review of the current positions of the Department as well as some Commission decisions as well.
David Sparby: Yeah, we do expect to prevail on our request. We’re reflecting, once again, the Department’s position as well as some Commission decisions.
David Sparby: We have really seen very little impact. Because we were in an NOL position entering into the rate cases, it’s had very little impact on us. Some movement of monies between companies, but no revenue requirement impact, Travis.
David Sparby: Okay. Well, I want to thank you for participating in our second quarter earnings call this morning. We look forward to meeting with many of you in the next couple weeks. If you have any follow-up questions, please direct them to Paul Johnson and the IR team, who are available to take your calls. Thank you very much.
