Teresa S. Madden: Ali, we're going to be pretty consistent where we've been at kind of in the mid-8%s, maybe a little bit higher than that, but it'll be pretty consistent with where we have been at.
Teresa S. Madden: Just to – in terms of timing, Ali, we would expect to be filing right around the November 1 timeframe, so that interim rates for 2016 would go into effect at the first of that year.
Teresa S. Madden: Ali, right now, our lag's running close to 100% (sic) [100 basis points] (21:12), but we're closing 50 basis points, and we expect the trajectory to be lower in the first years, and graduating up to the 2018 timeframe. So, only modest as an initial start.
Teresa S. Madden: Well maybe, Ali, just to clarify, we do have some equity issuances through our DRIP and our benefit plans and that's about $75 million a year. But you're correct about the rate base. If we add Courtenay and we're probably just slightly under 5%, in terms of that, and growth continues at 4% to 6% in terms of earnings projection.
Teresa S. Madden: Maybe just to add to that, and I think you touched on it, Ben. I mean one thing that was definitely reconfirmed was the tolerance for the customer bill...
Teresa S. Madden: And the legislation clearly will have – assuming it goes forward – have parameters that will help us, in terms of the longer term, to manage through that, with the capital investment that Ben mentioned.
Teresa S. Madden: Yes. And just to add to Ben's comment, our target is to have the project done by October of next year. So, we do have a little headroom just in terms of the PTC completion requirement ending at the end of 2016. So, we do have a schedule we need to follow closely. But we do think we have some headroom.
Teresa S. Madden: Well, hearing none, thank you all for participating in our earnings call this morning. Please contact Paul Johnson and the IR team with any follow-up questions. And thanks, everyone.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Unless it goes to extended session, it wraps up in May. And obviously, we've talked about filing a 2016 rate case, Ali. So, we'll see what actually is passed, and then we'll incorporate that into our thoughts going forward. To your former point, I think ,closing the regulatory gap, this 2016 case will be where you'll start to see that improvement – and that's what we've thought all along.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I don't think there's a statutory timeframe, but there's a practical timeframe and we would need to get the decision so that we can meet the construction cycle by late summer.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I think there's a lot of unknowns around that, Greg, to be frank with you. And like we said, I mean, what we're trying to do is set up the discussions in Colorado. Focus then on the LDC gas business, get some consensus around that and then potentially move forward in 2016. The size and all of that will be based upon those dialogs that we hope to have.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Sure. Well, Julien, we had a path to stay out of 2016, but it was going to be based upon how we handled certain depreciation reserves. And so, when that opportunity was not taken, it put us in a position, as you know, that we are going to file the 2016 case. Now, we have mitigation tools still available to us. If the legislation pass, we might have more tools, longer timeframes that we can do. But even if the legislation doesn't pass, we are going to follow a multiyear plan in 2016. And when we look at our spend profile and our recovery needs, I think the longer the plan is, the more modulation and mitigation we can use for the benefit of our customers and for clarity for us. So, I think we've got a pretty solid path to start to close that regulatory lag. It's been really pronounced in Minnesota. Legislation will help, but the traditional way to file a rate case, although laborious, also works.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: It really hasn't had much of an impact at all. The Permian Basin is a good place from an economic standpoint. We understand that there is more supply chain initiatives from the developers squeezing out more cost. But the other thing – and I think that's very important to recognize – is that we had a tremendous backlog. So, you've got well – we've got the majority of the wells that stood on – are still running on very expensive diesel and things like that. So, there is a lot of backlog. It gives us time to catch up. Ultimately, I think prices will rebound it a bit. But I think we're in pretty good shape there. And the other thing that's happening is, in that area of the country, there is other economic activity as well. So, still going pretty strong and the sales growth expectations down in that region are pretty strong and we think will continue to be so.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I guess it reaffirmed to us that we need to change the regulatory process. That's why we're seeking the legislation. It doesn't allow us to have the dialogs, Travis, that we mentioned. We need – it's a new world. Our policymakers want us to do more and, frankly, we are doing more. We filed, I think, a very transformational resource plan at the end of last year. We're going to move forward and be very aggressive on renewables. We want to make sure we do that with efficiency in mind, using large-scale renewables. It's tough to do that, as I mentioned, in the rate case. I guess specifically, we need to – we probably self-mitigated a little bit as we filed that rate case, recognizing that it was a big ask. And that puts – those things we didn't ask for will just resurface in 2016, and we'll ask for what we need. And as I mentioned, it's capital-based. These are investments that I think everybody wants us to make. So, we've got to update the regulatory compact in keeping with the times. And I think that's what the e21 Initiative was about, and we're proposing how we implement that in Minnesota.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. And just – you need more tools, you need to have different kinds of dialogs, and that's what we would get with legislation. But we can do it the old fashioned way too.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: We don't – as you know, we haven't assumed – what we have in our transmission CapEx is – it's state-regulated, and it's identified. It's not pie in the sky. So, we don't have competitive transmission. But there are – but the opportunities are fewer, as you know, than what, I think, people were talking about a year ago. But there's some opportunities, and we're looking at a relatively small opportunity in MISOs, and potentially some smaller opportunities in SPP, which I think will give us a chance to understand how competitive bidding will work. Relatively small right now. I think, as the EPA rules get clarified and both SPP and MISO refine their projects, or refine the needs, we'll have more opportunities to bid competitively.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I think you would file the base year (36:28), right? I mean – and then – but you'd have a much longer runway that you could then use to have more formulaic recovery of your capital spend and your O&M.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: That's not really addressed. So, maybe that would come through if there was a change of circumstance or something like that. But I'm starting to speculate now, Angie.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: No, we haven't. So, we're starting with Colorado. That's the biggest gas use, and we'll move forward from there.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: We'll consider it. We don't have as much of a gas load, for example, in Minnesota. In Texas, I think some of our larger C&I customers probably would not want us to do that. So, those are factors we'd have to consider, Paul.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yes. That would be the plan, which is why we're on a tighter construction schedule, because it needs to come and service at the end of 2016. But it would be eligible for the PTC credits. And Paul, it's a great project. I mean, it's – the levelized cost of it is way below what we could basically acquire natural gas reserves for. So, it's kind of an indirect way to hedge gas.
