Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Thank you, Paul, and good morning, everyone. Today we reported third quarter GAAP and ongoing earnings of $0.90 per share compared with $0.84 per share last year. Year-to-date, we're $0.07 per share ahead of last year and, as a result, we are narrowing our 2016 guidance range to $2.17 to $2.22 per share from the previous range of $2.12 to $2.27 per share. We still anticipate earnings in the middle of the range. We're also initiating 2017 earnings guidance of $2.25 to $2.35 per share, which is consistent with our long-term EPS growth objective of 4% to 6%. We had a productive quarter, and we continue to make progress on investment plans and regulatory initiatives. I'll briefly touch on some of the highlights. Today, we are updating our five-year capital forecast and you will notice a significant increase in renewable investments. Therefore, I'm going to spend a few minutes discussing our steel-for-fuel strategy. Our service territory is unique in its concentration of renewable-rich resources. For example, the capacity factors for win generation are approximately 50% in Minnesota and Texas, and about 45% in Colorado. When you combine high-capacity factors, a strong transmission network, and the extension of the production tax credit, it all translates into low renewable energy cost for our customers. Today, we can add wind energy, which meets or beats the cost of fossil generation resources. Because of the strong wind resources in our backyard, we have the unique opportunity to invest in renewable generation in which the capital costs are offset by fuel savings. Therefore, we are lowering the emission profile of our generation fleet with significant fuel savings, which allows us to grow our renewable portfolio with no impact to customer builds. A prime example of our steel-for-fuel strategy is the Rush Creek wind project in Colorado. In September, the Colorado Commission approved our request to develop the 600-megawatt wind farm with a capital investment of approximately $1 billion. We will start initial work on the project this year and it's expected to go into service in 2018. Another example is in Minnesota, where the Commission recently approved our resource plan, which includes the early retirements of two coal units at our Sherco facility and the addition of a significant amount of renewable energy. In accordance with the resource plan, we have issued an RFP to add up to 1,500 megawatts of wind generation. This week, we filed a self-build proposal to develop 750 megawatts of wind generation, which would meet half of that resource need. We believe that our projects reflect competitive pricing, and are confident that the Commission will approve our proposal in the first half of 2017. We expect both of these wind projects will generate hundreds of millions of dollars in fuel savings for our customers, which will more than offset the capital cost, highlighting the benefit of our steel-for-fuel strategy. Turning to the operation side of the business, more than a decade ago we partnered with a group of smaller utilities to form CapX2020 and transform the transmission grid in the Upper Midwest. That transformation was made a reality with the recent completion and energizing of 156-mile Hampton-Rochester-La Crosse transmission line. CapX2020 has now invested $1.9 billion in completing four high voltage transmission lines totaling nearly 725 miles. A fifth project in South Dakota is scheduled for completion in 2017. These transmission projects are addressing reliability needs and increasing access to renewable energy across the Upper Midwest. I'll now turn the call over to Bob to provide more detail on our financial results and outlook, in addition to our regulatory update.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. Okay. So, Julien, you remember when we set a goal that we were going to cut the lag that we experienced between actual and authorized by 50 basis points by 2018, and that goal is still something we're very focused on. Some things have changed, of course. Authorized ROEs have fallen a bit, as you well know. But I think that for us to continue to improve ROEs, we'd really have to cut that lag by more than half and get closer to actually earning the authorized ROEs, which is I think more realistic for us than before because of some of the settlement agreements we've entered into. So, count on us to show steady ROE improvement as we proceed down the five-year path.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean, I guess just to walk you through it and we previously were at $15.2 billion, right, base cap. So, the first thing that we did was update it for the approval of Rush Creek project. All right? And then what we've done is we had placed all these, as you may recall, Julien, at NSP(Minn) for some renewable additions. We took those placeholders out and put in the actual CapEx, we believe, we'll get with the approval of at least 750 megawatts of wind. That adds another $700 million to the forecast. So, that should bring you up to about $16.7 billion and then you add $1.5 billion for more steel-for-fuel opportunities that I think we have across all of our jurisdictions. And that should, if I done the math...
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah, that's right. Roughly about $1.5 billion. And, Julien, I think the – we're confident that those opportunities will become reality, because, I mean, the whole premise of steel-for-fuel is you can do things on an economic basis cheaper than the fossil alternatives. So, in reality, the environmental benefits will be icing on the cake. So, when you're not impacting customer builds and you're driving environmental leadership, it's really a unique position for us to be in.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I think this year, Ali, we'll probably earn around 9%, right? And so, I think if you blended all of our authorized ROEs, it'd probably be about 9.6%, roughly around there. So you've got – so that would be 60 basis points of lag. All right? That's less than what we had before. Remember, when we first initiated, that closed the gap, it was more like 100 basis points of lag. So, I think the challenge and the opportunity for us, Ali, is to – with – for example, in Minnesota, clearly that was a compromised 9.2% is not the ROE we would prefer to have preferred to have. However, when you look at the comprehensive settlement, we have a much better shot than we've ever had before of actually earning our allowed returns. And you'll recall that in Minnesota, we had been lagging, frankly, even more than 100 basis points. So, we'll get at it differently. We've got a lower blended ROE base. But I think with multi-year plans, comprehensive multi-year plans, we can probably do better than just cut the lag in half, and that's the plan.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. I mean, I think, we do – I will say that, we do have a regulatory amortization asset in 2017 that will create a bit of a headwind in Minnesota, all things equal. So, when we look at 2017, the blended utility ROE is blended for all of our ROE, so probably roughly around 9% again. But again, that amortization falls off in 2017, our cost initiatives continue to gain traction, and we continue to stay focused on two critical aspects of shareholder value, a growing rate base with our steel-for-fuel strategy and keeping our cost as low as they possibly can be as we've done over the last three years, while not sacrificing reliability and not deferring necessary maintenance.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: So, Ali, I mean, I don't have it in front of me, but that $2.5 billion, you're right. At Rush Creek, it had like, I think, about $300 million of gas reserves. Of course, we're not going to do that now. It had some advanced grid opportunities. I believe that is associated with the North and Minnesota. And then, we had up some, I think, other renewable opportunities. So, to Bob's point, we basically have achieved the upside CapEx just with renewables. And again, the clarity we've seen with steel-for- fuel is really unique for us. And I think we'll continue to look for opportunities to transition the fleet, achieve remarkable carbon emission reductions at no additional price point to the consumer.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: No. We anticipate advanced grid in both Colorado and Minnesota. There might be some upside to this capital forecast, but basically that's been captured in the $18.4 billion that you're looking at.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: No, Ali, I think you're spot on. I think you take that growth rate. We don't need to issue equity. We have an incredibly strong balance sheet. And so, if we can see the ROE improvements, that will just drive you beyond the 5.4%.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: To get you to the $18.4 billion, you're right about Rush Creek and Colorado, which is approved. It also assumes that we have the opportunity to build half of the RFP. We think our self-build proposals are very compelling. We could also get there through potentially build on transfer, but the assumption is that the capital associated with that RFP, half of that accrues to our shareholders and rate base. That leaves a delta of about $1.5 billion, which are opportunities that we think are spread across all of our jurisdictions. We certainly could do more than 50% in Minnesota. I think there's more opportunities to do more in Colorado. And frankly, Greg, when you look at the economic price point that we believe – that we are seeing with wind, I think we have opportunities potentially in Texas and New Mexico too just on the economic merits alone.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean, there's almost infinity when you're saving customer's money and achieving environmental benefits at the same time. So, it's just really, I think, just an analysis of the additional opportunities, transmission constraints, operational-type considerations. When we go across all of our jurisdictions, I think it's a very realistic opportunity.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Maybe something in 2019. But, I think the practical realities of construction seasons, et cetera, probably – I mean, I think we've got our best estimate.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I think it's pretty safe and pretty sustainable. I think – as you know, this was a deliberate strategy that we had. We embarked upon an aggressive – at the time, aggressive CapEx spend a decade ago, and we deliberately, during that timeframe, grew our dividend slower than our earnings growth. And that created a fortress balance sheet for us. So, now we have a modest payout ratio, 60%, 61% payout ratio. I think that's pretty low compared to our peers. It gives us a lot of what I would call dry powder. So count on the 5% to 7%. But what we would have is, if interest rates start to rise and you see kind of the industry headwinds that would come with that, we certainly could step back and work with our board and determine if there's something else we need to do. I'm not saying we're going to do that, but it's just when you have a strong balance sheet deliberately created, it creates far more opportunities to reward shareholders. And that's something we're pretty proud of, quite frankly.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Chris, I think that guidance we provide today is going to – we expect to be consistent with fourth quarter on any roll forward in terms of capital and earnings and dividend. We don't expect that to change consistent with past practices. So, we do expect regulatory outcomes that are reasonable. We lay out of a host of assumptions that go into our 2017 guidance in our long-term earnings guidance in our earnings release today. And we expect those are good assumptions for 2017.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean, I think what we're talking about here in Minnesota would be eligible for rider recovery. We've had those mechanisms in place for a while. So, I think recovery will be concurrent. The $1.5 billion that I talk about, that will just depend on what jurisdictions we do that in. Some will be eligible for riders, some we might propose some sort of enhanced type recovery mechanisms, as you suggest, Travis. So, I think we're in really good shape with the renewable spend in getting recovery that doesn't have lag associated with it.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I don't know. I think people are pretty excited about it, actually. I mean, when you can show – let's talk about the Upper Midwest. When you can show regulators the plan to achieve 60% carbon reduction and do that at no incremental price points from a more traditional plant, it's pretty exciting. And, no, we haven't seen pushback at all. We've seen a lot of excitement. In fact, I expect people to say, can you do more, which is usually the way these things work. And so, no, I think it's created really good alignment with our stakeholders, quite frankly.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I mean, I think – I mean, whether it's contracted for or added through rate base, I don't think that influences very much your concern. I think maybe broader-based. I don't think our rate base self-build proposals are going to – they're going to be cost competitive. Even with the leverage that others use, of course, banking on our strong balance sheet to support that, there is an element to that. And I think our regulators are well aware of that and appreciate the benefits of utility ownership. So, I really think that when you pencil out the numbers, you see how compelling – particularly when you do it on a fully holistic basis, how compelling our proposals are.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. And, Angie, I think that's a – Paul made a great point, because when we're talking about early retirement of coal plants, this is our resource plan. And we're the ones that are leading the de-carbonization of our fleet. And I think we will show that we can build wind competitively, and I think we've earned the right to own wind in our backyard, and it's all part of an overall plan. And again, I think it does require alignment with your regulators, but I think we have it.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Well, I mean, I think – Andy, as you know, I think we've got – if we can execute on both the rate base growth and the ROE improvement, we're going to be at the top of that range, maybe potentially beyond it. And that's what we're going to focus on in the next – in next year and the years to come is driving that. And we'll let things fall into place as they may.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: That's a question I ask my regulatory team all the time. I mean, there's always a possibility, but I think the reality is, because it wasn't a unanimous settlement, you've got to go through the process and we're going through that process right now. So, we'll look for those opportunities, but I mean, quite frankly, I think you should just count on the schedule that we put forward.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Yeah. I mean, I think the fundamental when we look at it, it's just swapping fuel for, in this case, wind fuel, okay? But what it sets up going down the road, Paul, is the dialogue that you can have and we've already made that – with that – some of that dialogue already in Minnesota about retirement of coal plants. And then you talk about how are you going to replace those coal plants. Our thought is that you do it with gas generation. You don't necessarily have to do megawatt for megawatt, and that's a function of your sales forecast. But the fuel swap alone will work, but then it sets up the dialogue about ultimately what your portfolio is going to look like.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: No, I think you're right. Now, cost of carbon, of course, it's an exercise outside of the pure economics, right? So...
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I mean, you're implying a societal benefit and that sort of thing, which we're not opposed to. But what we're focused on is just, it is just the straight up numbers of what we can do capturing 100% PTC with wind with fuel. And then that can allow you to have further dialogues around, as I mentioned, the earlier shutdown of coal plants, the O&M and all the other things that go with that. You start to design your portfolio to be more load following, because if you look at where we think we're going to be in 2030 and with our carbon reductions, I think we have – in the Upper Midwest we'll have 15% of our energy mix from coal. And it's – you need to make sure your generation portfolio has been designed in a way that you can accommodate these additional renewable resources without sacrificing reliability. That's all part of our planning process. I mean – so, the short answer to your question was yes.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I think that's right. That's right. And when I say we can do it cheaper, I'm also – I mean, a bit more aggressive than that. I mean, you couldn't go out today and lock in a 10-year strip cheaper than we could – on gas cheaper than we could lock in wind. And then, if you look at fuel forecast, which the blended – the forecast that you talk about, tends to have fuel escalating in the future. Quite frankly, I don't know if that's going to happen. But what we have today is so compelling that it almost – that the fuel would have to fall off quite a lot for us to say if we didn't have – it didn't actually save customers' money.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: I do think – here's what we believe. We believe solar and wind will continue to fall in price, the continuous improvement we've seen. However, the PTCs, as you know, start to fall off at 20% each year after this year. And so, I think the prices we are, hopefully, going to lock in for our customers today at 100% PTC, even with the technological improvements, you will not see prices this strong again until probably the – or this low again rather until probably the mid-20s.
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: Shelby, maybe let me – I don't want to be the CFO or the Treasurer here, so please correct me, guys. But I mean...
Benjamin G. S. Fowke: When I look at our credit metrics under this plan, they stay very strong. And so, that again, I think, speaks well to the balance sheet that we have.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah, Ali, I think that's right. On the capital program – this is Bob. On the capital program, we had the base case and the upside capital that we used to disclose. And for clarity purposes, we've put it all in one sort of capital forecast. As we've talked historically about, I think we realized most of that upside case capital, and then we've put additional wind and renewable development opportunities in our forecast.
Robert C. Frenzel: Yeah. Similarly, Travis, in Colorado, the recovery of the Rush Creek wind farm is through riders as well.
Robert C. Frenzel: Paul, this is Bob. We put two wind farms into service in 2016. So, year-over-year effective tax rate is going to be lower due to the PTCs for those two farms.
Robert C. Frenzel: Stephen, I would characterize it as, if you look at the capital forecast in the earnings release, we put our best guess as to when those dollars could and would be spent. So, that's our likely – if you take into account regulatory approval and – further work, regulatory approval and construction cycle, those are our best estimates at this point.
Robert C. Frenzel: So, if you take into account the capital forecast that's embedded in the earnings release, you'll see our expected debt issuance is against our cash flow from operations, I think that's our best guess for what the capital plan and the financing plan looks like for the next five years.
Robert C. Frenzel: No, because it's still – Shelby, it's very modest. And as you know, we've always had the philosophy, there is a benefit of strength in numbers. You get a – if you're an operating utility and as part of a larger group, you do get a consolidation benefit, provided there isn't excessive leverage at the HoldCo, and we're not even close to that. All of our utilities benefit from being part of a bigger group. And that's always been our approach and that will continue to be our approach. We would never do anything that would be harmful to the credit ratings of our utilities. And I think our track records speaks for itself on that.
Robert C. Frenzel: Thanks, everyone, for participating on our call this morning. Please contact Paul Johnson or Olga Guteneva with any follow-up questions.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then with the steel-for-fuel, I'd like to just review this a little bit, a little closer. So, when you say that the steel renewables are cheaper than the fossil fuel, that includes for the renewables the production tax credits and then everything there.
Paul Patterson: Okay. No, no. Thank you. And then just in terms of this steel-for-fuel, this is a – your fuel assumptions are the forward curves, is that what we should think about when you're saying that – or is there some proprietary fuel? In other words, I mean, when -
Paul Patterson: And this is with current technology on the wind side as opposed to some – as we've seen improvements in that area, you're not banking anything on that either of these? Any potential...
