Ben Fowke: Thanks, Paul and welcome everyone. This morning we reported second quarter ongoing earnings of $0.29 per share compared with $0.25 per share in 2009. In a few moments Dave will walk you through the details of our quarterly results. But I'd like to start by saying after two strong quarters we remain on track to deliver ongoing earnings within our 2010 earnings guidance range of $1.25 to $1.65. Now let me bring you up today on some recent developments. In Colorado I'm pleased to report that (inaudible) went into service in May and achieve commercial operation earlier this month. The plant is certified at 802 net megawatts, which is above the expected output before 750 megawatts. I'm also pleased to note we continue to make solid progress on our CapEx 20-20 transmission project with construction now underway at our (inaudible) substation. In July, we received two of the five route permits needed in Minnesota for the project. Minnesota commission approved our application for the first segment of the Fargo line and for all but one section of the bookings line associated with the river crossing.  We believe that we will be able to reach an agreement regarding this section, soon. Obviously, it takes a long time to build transmission lines and we've been very successful in all aspects of the process. It's really exciting to see construction actually begin. Another development that promises to benefit our customers is our plan to acquire two natural gas plants from Calpine for approximately $739 million. In May we filed a request with the Colorado Commission seeking approval of the acquisition and interim rate recovery of the revenue requirements associated with the plants. In July we received FERT regulatory approval of the transaction and the order imposes no conditions or modifications, other than routine requirements for post closing reports and filings. We've also received clearance into the Hart-Scott-Todino act. The Colorado Commission assigned an administrative law judge to our case and developed a procedural schedule which assumes a initial decision by the end of October. This is consistent with our request and puts us on track for a December closing. One more update from Colorado. The clean air, clean jobs act was signed into law, in April. The bill establishes a timeline and a regulatory framework for PSCo to retrofit retire or replace 900 megawatts or more of older and less efficient coal fire generation. The provisions of the bill are very similar to the successful Merck project we finished last year in Minnesota. We will file our plan with the Colorado PUC in mid August, and the commission will rule on the plan by year-end. Our plan will include several potential alternatives, and our recommended solution. In light of the recent EPA proposals recording coal fire generation, the Colorado legislation is just another example of our ability to work with key stake holders to arrive at a creative solution to reduce emissions while ensuring timely recovery of cost. I will now turn the call over to Dave, who will walk you through our second quarter results, discuss our financing plans, and provide a regulatory update.
Ben Fowke: I'm, Ashar, really not going to elaborate beyond the prepared remarks in our script this morning on our equity issuance.
Ben Fowke: What we have seen is the approval of our certificate of need, of our major lines here in the CapEx projects. Now we're currently recovering the cost of those projects through a rider mechanism and also as Ben spoke to we have received two of the very significant route permits that we were looking for with, you know, one segment of one of those lines, we have to yet clear up, and also, some of those certificates of need have been appealed and those appeals have been resolved. So we continue to advance on all fronts from a regulatory perspective and a cost recovery perspective.
Ben Fowke: It continues to operate this year, very much as planned with storage and transportation and we have been very please with what we have seen to date.
Ben Fowke: This is the Ben. We're cautiously optimistic on the dividend, and I mean, what will obviously come down to is an overall tax bill and, hopefully, we can get that. As we all know that is very important for the business. As far as EPA goes, it is one of the reasons why we have tried to as an industry group get some comprehensive Federal legislation regarding climate change because we don't think the EPA approach is the right approach.  And I think you have probably seen as we all have the death by thousand cuts or regulations that is out there with EPA is not great. I mean, as a company we're positioned pretty well for what came out just recently. But nevertheless, it is not the right way to go. But I think you're basically going to see gridlock on anything around that, for the foreseeable future. Hopefully, we won't see the same for the opportunity to reduce the dividend tax.
Ben Fowke: I will let Scott Wilensky in charge of our regulatory area and is managing that filing speak to that. 
Ben Fowke: We have seen some pickup, but it has not been across the board. When we talked to you last quarter, what we were seeing was, some sectors who have continued to be strong, like energy, and other sectors, continuing to be weak, like services, agriculture, and food.  But we have seen more of, in the second quarter is a pick up in some segments of manufacturing. Things like mining, some steel, some industries that make parts for automobiles. All pick up a little bit. But the increase in production and manufacturing has not been broad-based and that's why we have a bit more cautious outlook than maybe others do. 
Ben Fowke: Well, what we see from time to time is a change in demand. (inaudible)And, that's often reflect of customers moving between classes, the particular tariffs into effect and how they are affected by ratchets and other items.
Ben Fowke: With respect to the outage schedule, it will say strong. As I talked about earlier, this is a point in the year when a fair amount of that is done. I think it's important to keep in mind when you look year-over-year this is a lot more normal summer for us. There was some things that we didn't have to do last year because it was much cooler. This year, the maintenance schedule, particularly that maintenance that's key to the run hours and the starts of a lot of units, is going to look much more like our historic spend pattern.
Ben Fowke: Sure, Rudy. What we saw in first quarter was as we moved from south to north, and from west to east, we went from seeing recovery being above average to recovery being much closer to average. So, we saw recovery, and in fact the downturn being very slight in Texas. We've seen Colorado with an above average recovery. And what we've seen in Minnesota and Wisconsin parallels very much the national recovery. 
Ben Fowke: Daniele, the answer to that question is yes. The plan will include a regulatory recovery component. 
Ben Fowke: If you're referring to the Calpine plants that is proceeding under a different docket, and that's one that is to be resolved in October. 
Ben Fowke: I think the ramp up, though, probably occurs a couple of years from now really when it relates to CapEx 2020 and continues…
Ben Fowke: Transaction transmission will be a very big part of our capital profile as you get to the middle and latter part of the decade it's a result of all the years of efforts we've already put into project like CapEx 2020. It takes a very long time to get these things done. 
Dave Sparby: And Dan, just a point to remember is that we have a deferral and amortization that's it for nuclear outages. As a result of that what you see is a fairly levelized cost. Now, obviously if nuclear outages increase in cost that cost would be reflected. And there is a little bit of a pick-up in 2010 because we're starting to this is probably the last year of the step increase of making the accounting change. 
Dave Sparby: We begin all of the classic instruction process require land for lay down yards, acquire any land that remains to be acquired and begin construction. 
Dave Sparby: I want to thank everyone for attending our second quarter conference call. We look forward to seeing many of you on the road over the next several weeks. And if there are any follow up questions, Paul Johnson and the IR team are available to take your calls. Thank you. 
