David Speer: Thank you, John. I'm pleased to report that our fourth quarter was highlighted by very solid organic revenue growth company-wide as well as our continuing operating margin improvement.  Organic revenues increased 9.1% in the fourth quarter with North American organic revenues increasing 8.9% and international organic revenues growing 9.2%. You may recall, we had initially forecasted our total company organic revenues to grow 8% in the fourth quarter. We're also very pleased with the double-digit organic revenue growth contributions from a variety of our business platforms. These include our Welding, Electronics, Industrial Packaging and Custom Measurement businesses. Notably, all of these businesses produced significant operating margin improvement in the fourth quarter versus the year-earlier period.  While we formally announced that the fourth quarter EPS was $0.79 a share, that was 19% lower than the year-ago period, but our fourth quarter EPS would've been 30% higher than the fourth quarter of 2009 if you exclude the $0.37 per share favorable discrete tax adjustment that we recorded in the fourth quarter of 2009.  For the total company, fourth quarter operating margins of 13.9% were 120 basis points higher than the year-ago period. Our base businesses accounted for 50 basis points of operating margin improvement. However, our fourth quarter operating margins ended up lower than our initial expectations due to price cost, inventory and acquisition-related expenses. Ron will talk more about this in a few moments.  Finally, I want to take this opportunity to thank the women and men of ITW for a job well done over the past year. Full-year 2010 was a very strong recovery year for us with our overall organic revenues growing 10.8%. Our operating margins improved by more than 480 basis points, and our EPS increased significantly. These strong financial metrics were in large part due to the efforts of our people who very capably led our many businesses around the world.  Now let me turn the call back over to John.
David Speer: Yes, Jamie, let me comment on Q4 first just overall. And then Ron could add some more detail. In terms of the cost side, the cost issues that we have seen, some acceleration in input costs really revolve around steel, plastics and some chemicals. And those impacted probably most significantly as you would've seen in some of the variable margin, overhead margin numbers on the slides, the Food Equipment group, Decorative Surfaces and Industrial Packaging were probably the ones most impacted. Ron can comment a little bit more on the detail. But obviously, as usual, we expect to recover these costs. There's always some lag associated with that. And I would expect that as we move forward, there's probably something on the order of a 90-day lag all-in to recover on cost. We did see acceleration during the quarter on some of these cost increases, which were beyond what we had originally anticipated when we provided our Q4 guidance.
David Speer: So in terms of your question on seasonality, obviously, as we report the new calendar, there will be some change in seasonality. But I think when you look at the comparables, when we report those, we would expect that new norm to play out in our 2011 forecast guidance.
David Speer: David, remember the guidance we're providing for Q1 is with the new calendar, so the new calendar is obviously somewhat different than the old calendar with the new calendar being January through March for the international units. March is replacing December, which December traditionally in our international units is one of the weaker months. So there may be something wrong with the math and the assumptions there, but I think John can probably cover that in more detail with you perhaps off-line.
David Speer: Well, obviously the growth rates we're talking about and as, I think you saw in Q4, we're talking about pretty strong organic growth across nearly all the segments. Some of the later segments to recover that probably will show some of the more impressive growth rates will be certainly in the Test & Measurement and Food Equipment areas, which are just now starting to show some positive growth on the equipment side. This is the first quarter for that in Food Equipment and the second quarter in Test & Measurement. But across the whole spectrum of the segments, we expect to see at least strong mid-digit organic growth and some of those later segments that I just spoke about double-digit organic growth. So it's pretty broad-based growth across the portfolio.
David Speer: Well, it's hard to just use one quarter of data to call it a trend, but it certainly has moved in the right direction. Quotation activity is up. We saw some positive actual shipment comparisons in Q4. So our belief is, and our forecast implies, that we're going to see steady improvement in the CapEx spending on Equipment, in the Food Equipment segment, throughout 2011.
David Speer: Yes, the difference in Construction products, Ann, is that we have a very large concentration in the Australia and New Zealand markets and that was flat, as John highlighted in his comments. We have very modest penetration in those markets in our Decorative Surfaces businesses. Our Decorative Services businesses are almost all Asian-based, so we did see much stronger growth in those businesses than we did in the Construction businesses.
David Speer: Well, I think pricing is never easy, but I think if you look at the areas we've seen the strongest increases, it's been most recently in steel prices, which obviously impacts our Industrial Packaging businesses, some in our Automotive businesses and certainly in our Construction businesses, and then more recently in some of the Plastic and the Films, PT Film [ph] (0:51:49) in particular. So all of those will be areas where we'll have to push hard to get cost recovery. But I expect, again, it's more a question of timing, not whether we'll get it, it's when we get it.
David Speer: Our answer to that, Deane, is that it would be unlikely there would be any significant changes by just reformatting the calendar, obviously. By comparing the new restated 2010 to the new quarters to 2011, it would not be significant.
David Speer: Yes, well, obviously our range at $800 million to $1 billion is significantly higher than what we actually completed in 2010. That's almost double. And we certainly have seen improvement, a steadily improvement in the pipeline throughout the year. We're entering the year with a solid pipeline. As you mentioned, the Sofa Steel, which was announced in December, we expect it to close during Q1. And that is a significant deal, and there are a number of other deals in the pipeline. I wouldn't say of that size, but certainly larger than the average that I expect will continue to give us strong optimism that this is going to be a better year. Valuations are still -- from a historic standpoint, somewhat challenging, but we're able to make, I think, headway. And we've proven that, I think, in the last several quarters with the improvement in the actual close transaction. So the pre-pipeline activity remains strong, and I'm optimistic as we head into the year that we're going to continue to see improvement in the acquisition environment for us.
David Speer: I'd say it hasn't changed remarkably in the last couple of quarters, but I think you'll also recall that my expectation, as the year unfolds, is that we're going to see private equity in a position where they're going to be selling assets that they acquired between '05 and '08, which we really haven't seen that change yet. I do think that will happen, and I think that will be a good solid indication for us in terms of improved activity.
David Speer: I think you can certainly expect -- across the segments, we would expect to see improved margins. Certainly, those businesses that are later in the recovery like Food Equipment and Test & Measurement, we'd expect stronger margin improvement in those businesses. But all of the segments have built into their plans margin improvement during the year. As Ron highlighted, the margin range for next year is between 15% to 16%, overall margins for the company. And I think if you look at the first quarter as an example, you'll see the margins back in the high-14% range. So I think we would expect to see margin improvement and continued growth in margins reflected on the strong organic base revenues that we expect to see as well.
David Speer: Yes, I don't have the exact number of business units that we divested during the year. And my guess is it's somewhere around eight or nine business in total, the largest of which was the Cigarette Stamp Tax business that we talked about back in Q3. Probably all in with all those businesses, it was probably $60 million to $70 million of revenue, something like that we divested. I think as I've indicated in past discussions, we have, in fact, built into our planning process, a review of our portfolio of businesses. And at any given time, we clearly have a number of businesses that were active in the divestiture mode. Obviously, we don't report those until they're actually divested. But that process continues, and I would expect that we'll continue to see some acceleration of that as we head into 2011 just looking at what we've been working on.
David Speer: We have not seen any evidence that I'm aware of any significant de-stocking. Certainly, as the channels have rebuilt their inventories, most of the de-stocking for us was gone early in 2010. At the same time, I would say that we've seen in some businesses some modest level of restocking, but it's still fairly modest. I think as the channel adjusts perhaps to maybe some more favorable forecast and outlooks for 2011, maybe we'll see more of that in the coming quarters, but nothing that I could highlight as being significant at the moment. Most of the above market gains, as John pointed out, we've seen thus far have been more related to market penetration than to restocking.
David Speer: Well, there's some labor add back, there's some overhead costs. But as Ron pointed out, between the price cost and the inventory adjustment, some of which are driven by cost increases, that probably represented 60% or so of the negative impact.
David Speer: Well, I think if you're talking about primarily Automotive OEM business, which I assume that's what your question is directed towards. We would expect in 2011 to see penetration gains overall in the portfolio between 4% to 5% above market growth rates, which is fairly similar to what we've seen in 2010. In terms of how that plays out, obviously, it does vary somewhat by platform and geography. But overall, that's a pretty good estimate. We clearly are driving higher penetration gains in Asia at the moment as we are entering platforms that we've not participated in, in the past, particularly that is true in China and to somewhat of a lesser extent in Korea.
David Speer: Yes, I mean, I don't know that I have much additional color to add from December. Obviously, the 2010 housing numbers were less than what we'd predicted and certainly less than I think what everybody had predicted. While we expect to see some modest recovery in the housing number in 2011, it's certainly after we see that, it will be the beginning of a turnaround. I wouldn't want to call that until we see it, but we'd expect to see some modest improvement. The fourth quarter number, as John pointed out in his segment highlights, was actually down year-on-year. So I can't say we could call the turn yet in housing. In the commercial side, commercial was down 18% last year on a square-footage basis. The forecasts for 2011 are modestly negative. But frankly, until we see a quarter worth of data, I'm not sure that I'm ready to feel like that's turned the quarter yet either. We still have high vacancy rates in a number of those categories. So while I expect to see an improving environment, I guess my sum for North America would be probably a back-end loaded improvement latter half of 2011 before we see any solid signs that things are really improving.
David Speer: I think the other thing to remember is we do have several businesses that we expect to see even stronger incrementals as they are later to recover. And certainly, some of the businesses like Transportation that have been at the recovery longer than Industrial Packaging, we'd expect those incrementals not to be as strong. So if you look at the individual segments, there will certainly be a range there. But I think as we look at these numbers, 35% seems like a very plausible number for 2011.
David Speer: Certainly for the first 2.5 years of that, yes, because we saw dramatic increases particularly in steel and to a lesser extent in plastics. But as an example, between 2004 and 2006, our steel costs went up by more than double. We did not get full recovery on that, certainly on a margin basis. And in some cases, we struggled to get it on a cost basis. So we certainly don't see that as the kind of cost inflation environment we're in today. But certainly, what we saw in Q4 was accelerated from what we'd seen earlier in the year end 2010.
David Speer: Yes, I would agree with that. It would be a lot less. I mean, certainly, at the end of the year, there are a lot accrual true ups, particularly LIFO, as Ron mentioned. And a lot of that is driven by what happens with costs. So while we were talking with you in early December, we were really using data through October. We did not have November data when we were talking with you at that point. It became clearer to us by late December that clearly, the cost increases were higher than what we'd anticipated. And as we went through the LIFO calculations in January with the year-end numbers, the numbers obviously came out more significant. But those are items that we would expect obviously not to recur at that level particularly as we note these cost increases and look to make adjustments and also price increases as we now see that sort of trajectory.
David Speer: Yes, I mentioned that in the category of chemicals. Most of the products input materials we use would fall in that chemical category. A lot of it is based on oil prices, and we have definitely seen some rise in raw material content or pricing there. We have got obviously price increases already underway in some of those businesses as well. And the impact overall in materials in that segment is not as significant as it is in some of the higher material-content segments like Industrial Packaging. We've definitely seen cost increases in resins and chemicals.
David Speer: Yes, I think if you look at the Power Systems & Electronics segment, while you'll see that some of the best revenue increases were in that segment. So clearly, I believe the Welding component section of that was in the 20-plus percent range, and the PC Board businesses were close to 50%. Obviously, those kind of revenue growths drive extremely strong incrementals, and they would force others that would -- with only revenue growth rates in the 10% to 12% range, obviously, to pale in comparison. So that is obviously a segment that traditionally has very strong margins. At the last peak, the margins in that segment were above 25%. So certainly, those incrementals there will continue to be impressive with those kinds of incremental growth rates, or I should say revenue growth rates.
David Speer: Yes, I think particularly, that would be the case particularly in the Food Equipment group. I think if you look at the traditional margins in Food Equipment, I think our last peak was above 18%. And as we reported in Q4, it was 12.5%, I think 12.6%. So obviously, growth in that segment's going to power some pretty strong incrementals. The same is true in Construction. I think in Construction, it's going to be a more a story of when we see strong improvement in the North American market from an incremental standpoint because we are certainly poised and ready to see some significant growth in that segment. We've already seen reasonable growth in Europe, and we certainly continue to see it in Asia. So in Construction, it's probably more a story of North America.
David Speer: Wow, there's a lot there. Let me start with the price cost. You're right, our price cost headwind from Q3 was in that negative 80 bps, negative 90 bps range. I would expect, as Ron pointed out, that we'll catch up in 2011 as the year unfolds. We expect for the year probably to be closer to negative 50 bps for the year. This year, you may recall, we started off with a very strong positive number, and we ended with obviously some headwinds. So it's not a straight-line environment. We have, at the moment, got price increases in place to cover what we know are the current cost increases. But I do believe that we are probably going to continue to see, at least in some categories, some ongoing cost increases, which will require further pricing actions. So I think at this point, our view of the year being negative 50 basis points is probably realistic based on what we know. But we'll take further action as necessary should costs escalate beyond where they are today. In terms of the cash-flow question, obviously, we would expect as we signal in our acquisition range a stronger environment next year for doing acquisitions. And as we did in 2010, we'll do the same in 2011, we'll evaluate as we approach the midyear to see if that activity that we expect materializes. And if we do, we certainly would expect to see the opportunity perhaps to have even stronger acquisitions than what we've embodied in our initial guidance. But we'll wait and see. And if in fact that doesn't materialize, there are other options we obviously can use for utilizing that strong free cash flow. As you noted, this year in 2010, we did do that review midyear. And in Q3, we repurchased $350 million of shares. So we've shown, I think, willingness and the discipline to look at cash flow on an ongoing basis and make appropriate adjustments.
Ronald Kropp: Thanks, John. Before I get to the 2011 forecast, I'd like to discuss a reporting calendar change that we announced today.  As you may recall, historically, our International businesses have reported on a one-month lag with a fiscal year end of November 30. Effective with the beginning of 2011, we are eliminating this one-month lag. Prior to the end of the first quarter, we will provide revised 2010 operating results to reflect this change.  Now, turning to the forecast. For the first quarter of 2011 based on the new calendar reporting, we are forecasting diluted income per share from continuing operations to be within a range of $0.81 to $0.87. The low end of this range assumes a 12% increase in total revenues versus estimated 2010 and the high end of the range assumes a 15% increase. These revenue growth ranges are based on estimated revenues for 2010 under the new calendar year reporting.  For the full-year 2011, our forecasted EPS range is $3.60 to $3.84 per share based on a total revenue increase of 11.5% to 14.5% versus estimated 2010 revenues, implicit in this guidance are full-year margins of 15% to 16%.  Other assumptions included in this forecast are: exchange rates holding at current levels, acquired revenues between $800 million and $1 billion, restructuring cost of $30 million to $40 million for the year and a tax- rate range between 29% and 30% for the first quarter and full year.  I'll now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
Ronald Kropp: So overall for the quarter, price cost had an impact of about negative 80 basis points for the total company. The segments that had a bigger impact were Industrial Packaging, negative 180 basis points; Construction, negative 90; Decorative Surfaces, negative 160; and all other, negative 120. For 2011, clearly the based on current price levels and comparables of 2010, we'll see a much bigger impact of price cost in the early part of the year. So the first quarter, we're estimating something along the lines of 80 to 100 basis points negative, and for the full year, something like negative 30 to negative 50 for price cost.
Ronald Kropp: Sure. So in the total revenue growth of -- in the 13.5% rate, basis is around 7% to 9%, and that's a little bit more skewed towards International, than North America. North America might be in the 6.5% to 7.5% range; international, 8.5% to 9.5%. For the full year of the total revenues, about half is base, so 6% to 7%, and North America is in the 5% to 6% range, international, 7% to 8%.
Ronald Kropp: Well, as we say, we're not ready to release the restated numbers until March, so we can't get too specific on it because we don't have it. But typically, the swing between December and March might be $50 billion, $60 billion per share.
Ronald Kropp: Yes, there wasn't much price cost there this quarter. Some of the bigger items included in the non-volume part of margins inventory-related adjustments cost us 130 basis points, and that's things like reserves for LIFO and inventory reserves and standards, et cetera. Mix played a factor. Also, we had some overhead increases, specifically around things like fuel in the Service business, also some higher employee benefit costs in France. And then also there were some reserve adjustments for things like warranty. So a lot of one-off type things that all have to be negative in the quarter against the Food Equipment segment.
Ronald Kropp: I think the majority of the items are nonrecurring type of items. Obviously, the overhead increases will still be there, but there's plans in place to recapture some of that through price increases.
Ronald Kropp: This is against an adjusted 2010, which we calendarized the results. So for instance, the first quarter revenue increase that we forecast is against January through March of 2010 revenues.
Ronald Kropp: I mean, typically, there wouldn't be. We haven't rolled up the December international results yet. So once we get it all rolled up, we'll have the restatements out sometime before the end of the first quarter.
Ronald Kropp: So yes, in the fourth quarter of each year, typically there are some inventory adjustments for the standards change and LIFO calculation, et cetera. We had a greater-than-expected negative impact to that. The segment that had the biggest impact, Industrial Packaging, at about 60 basis points; Transportation, 100 basis points; Food Equipment, 130 basis points; Decorative Surfaces, 50. Those are the biggest segment that had an impact. Some of the corporate items, those are considered part of operating income. And typically, what we do is we spread those on an allocated basis, so they would have an equal impact across all the segments.
Ronald Kropp: So if you look at the forecast and where we expect to be on margins, overall incrementals for the year are in that 35% range, which is pretty typical for our base businesses.
Ronald Kropp: It will be less than that. We don't have an exact number because we haven't fully restated 2010, but it'd be slightly less than the 35%.
Ronald Kropp: Also included in overhead is things like transportation cost going up, related to fuel and other things.
Ronald Kropp: Yes, it is a little bit hard to gauge until we fully restated everything and re-calendarize, but 35% is really kind of the long-term average. It does bounce around quarter-to-quarter. There's always a variety of issues in each quarter. And sometimes it's what happened in the prior year that matters when you're talking about incrementals. So for instance, we've had some unusual corporate items in third to fourth quarter of this year that's pulled down margins, and that'll have a beneficial incremental impact next year.
Ronald Kropp: Well, so I think have we gone out with price increases to reflect the higher costs you've seen in the fourth quarter, absolutely. And I think the challenge is can you continue to try to stay ahead of that and costs have continued to rise even in the first quarter for things like steel. So we have put price increases in place. Our goal is to recover, not just the cost, but also the margin. And there is a 60- to 90-day lag like we talked about. It's hard to quantify it by business because even as I went through the actual price cost impact in the quarter, it's all over the place depending on what's their input and where they were in the prior year as well. So it's hard to do that especially in a forecast.
Ronald Kropp: And just to give you a little specifics on that, in the chemicals that we used in our Polymers business were up about 10% to 12% in the quarter. And the price cost impact in Polymers and Fluids was negative 60 basis points.
