Michael M. Larsen: So, Joe, we expect every segment to improve operating margin for the full year, like I said, ranging from 80 basis points to 130 basis points. And the biggest driver there is the continued execution on the enterprise initiatives, as well as volume leverage, as all of our businesses are going to grow on a year-over-year basis. What you're seeing in Q1 is primarily the impact of price/cost in these segments and the lag we've talked about in the past from when the material cost inflation shows up and the price actions actually are realized. And so that's the 50 basis points of price/cost headwind that you saw here in the first quarter at the enterprise level, which, as I said, we expect Q2 to look similar, and then we would expect it to get better from there through the second half of the year, again, as these price actions take hold and offset the known material cost inflation as we sit here today.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah. I think what you are seeing, Joe, is similar to what I just described, which is this lag between when the price actions that have been announced, and there have been a number, as you know, offset the inflation that we're seeing primarily on steel on the Welding side. Again, I'll just point to Welding operating at 27.7% operating margin, the highest inside of the company, and we expect to continue to expand margins from here based on what we know today.
Michael M. Larsen: Well, Andy, the delta in Q1 was what Scott just talked about, on a global basis the forecast that we use, and we talked about this in the past put our guidance together, projected a 1% increase in global builds for Q1 and ended up at being down 1%. If you look at specifically North America, which is our largest end markets and highest concentration for vehicle, North America builds were down 3%. And, as Scott said, if you read some of the headlines, I think March was probably a little bit lower than what people expected. That number goes from down 3% projected to be up 3% in Q2, and overall North America expects to be positive for the year, which is quite an improvement from last year. So we fully expect Auto to deliver 4% to 5% organic growth. We have really good visibility to the content per vehicle growth that gets us from the auto build number to 4% to 5%. In addition to that, you're right, continued strong momentum and acceleration on the Welding side. We have it pegged at 5% to 6%. Hopefully, that will turn out to be a conservative number. And then Test & Measurement, as well as the equipment side within Specialty Products, continue to be really strong in terms of order intake and the backlog for the rest of the year. You talk about FEG. FEG should improve from here as the comps get easier, but there's also a nice product – new product rollout cadence here for the balance of the year. And so other than retail, which has kind of put a little bit of pressure on the growth in Food this year, we feel very good overall about growth rates improving from Q1 through the balance of the year.
Michael M. Larsen: Just for the record, I don't recognize the $0.15 you're talking about, but the $0.15 guidance increase today is basically the $0.05 beat from Q1. Like we always do at this point, we update our assumptions for current foreign exchange rates. We have a slightly lower share count, given some of the acceleration here in Q1, and in the plan we still have $1 billion for the year for share repurchases. And then the balance in that $0.05 to $0.10 is really better demand and stronger operations, so that's what's driving the $0.15 raise today.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah. I mean, if you look at relative to December, I mean, that's one of the variables that's changed, right? So price/cost maybe there was an assumption would be more favorable and maybe a more conservative view today, so.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah. It's really CapEx and stronger demand on the institutional side, I think education specifically. And then on the restaurant side, quick service was also very strong. So that's certainly -- if you look at the core equipment business inside of – core food service equipment inside of the Food Equipment business, we were up 7% in the quarter, which is certainly encouraging. And those trends look good for the balance of the year with good orders and backlog, and now you have the new product rollouts coming in as well.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah. We'll leave the forecasting to other people. We're basically taking what we're seeing in our businesses today in terms of inflation on steel, chemicals, resins, as well as the demand picture. And all of that is included into our guidance today. So...
Michael M. Larsen: We haven't seen any slowdown. We were up a little bit less in the first quarter due to a tough comp. In the first quarter last year we were up 6% in Europe. We're up 1% here in the first quarter, but for the full year we expect to be up in that 3% to 4% range in Europe, and we haven't really seen anything slow down at this point.
Michael M. Larsen: I mean, these are all based on current levels of demand, current run rates, so not – other than Automotive, which we talked about. So we're not counting on an acceleration. So what you're seeing, David, is the comps easier, as you point out, in Q2 and Q3, and then a little bit more challenging in Q4.
Michael M. Larsen: Well, what we're telling you, Nathan, is what we really think is going to happen here based on the actions that we've taken and the raw material inflation that we've seen so far. So Q2 we expect – let's do the margin impact first – to look a lot like Q1, and then a little bit better than that in the back half of the year. Let me just point out, again, like dollar-for-dollar we are positive on price/cost. So there's no negative EPS impact here from what we're seeing. So we were positive in Q1. We expect to be positive in Q2 in terms of price/cost dollars. And if you extrapolate from what I said, we'd expect to be even more positive than that in Q3 and Q4 based on the price increases that we've announced, so.
Michael M. Larsen: No. I mean, that's not what we're trying to do here. Let me just clarify a few things. So the 110 basis points that you're referring to, like I said in my remarks, is a combination of two enterprise initiatives, one around our 80/20 Front to Back Process, and the other one around projects, more strategic sourcing, structural savings that have nothing to do with price costs. And the point that we were trying to make is that if you were to include those more structural cost savings from a sourcing perspective in the price/cost equation, we would actually be positive. Now, that's not the way we report it. Other people may have reported that way, and so just for comparison purposes to make it easier we broke it out for you this quarter. But we are feeling very good about what we're doing here in terms of price/cost, and we're reporting EPS up 23%, up 17% for the year. There's no need to overreact and do a lot more than what we're doing today.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, there's no clarification on the so-called guilty tax. In terms of further repatriation, what happened in Q1 was very specific to where those funds came from. It's possible that there might be further discrete items as we go through the year, but that's all encompassed in the guidance that we're giving you today in terms of our tax rate and the midpoint of 25%. So that's what I would use for your model.
Michael M. Larsen: That is a part of it. The other part is there is some seasonality related to the Automotive aftermarket business, and so that business was flat in the quarter, and typically based on historical run rates, including seasonal trends, we see an improvement in the Automotive aftermarket business.
Michael M. Larsen: I'd say the obvious one is the lower tax rate, obviously, is contributing 5 percentage points of EPS growth. So in terms of earnings growth and the associated cash that comes with that, that's certainly a positive. I think there's a broader question around being able to access global cash more easily on a go-forward basis. That certainly strengthens our balance sheet and provides more cash available in the U.S., including distribution to shareholders and then what you saw when we talked about in December, and then the plans that we accelerated last quarter around the significant increase in our dividend payout ratio from currently about 43% of free cash flow to 50% of free cash flow. You do the math on that, that's a sizable dividend increase that's coming subject to board approval in August. So those are just a couple of the big items here, but overall...
Michael M. Larsen: Right. Strategically, yeah, that's right, there's no change. There's certainly a lot of positives for shareholders.
Michael M. Larsen: No, we really haven't seen – we continue to see strong growth on the residential side, which includes our renovation/remodel business up in the high single digits, and looks really good for the balance of the year. Then the commercial side continues to be a little more lumpy and kind of flattish, and really no change in trend in either one of those.
Michael M. Larsen: I'd rather leave it the way I said it. But basically the way I think about it is $0.05 is the Q1 beat, which certainly tax played a role. And then the balance is really a combination of currency is a little bit better, the share count is a little bit lower, you can do the math on that. It's the acceleration into Q1 of another $250 million, and the balance is really from the operating side and the confidence that we have that our teams will continue to execute on their plans for the year.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, and nothing's really changed. Steve, I mean, it's an area, as you know, inside the company where we have great visibility to above-market growth. Historically, we've been in that 2 to 4 percentage point range. It can be. It can vary a little bit on a quarterly basis. For the year, we're saying 4% to 5% organic growth in automotive builds. Globally it's supposed to – expected to be up 2%. And that's really how we think about this on a long-term basis for the foreseeable future. Given the orders we took two/three years ago or longer, we expect to outgrow the market by 2 to 4 percentage points, so that hasn't changed.
Michael M. Larsen: No, not quite. So what I can tell you is that, Q1 is probably the low point in terms of operating margins. So typically, margins will go up in Q2 and Q3 from Q1. In terms of the enterprise initiatives, they come in on a pretty even 100 basis points a quarter. If you look at the organic growth guidance, we should get a decent volume leverage again Q2, Q3, Q4. And then we talk about price/cost and how that might change as we go through the year. And so those are the big pieces here that get you to the overall expected margin improvement, which, as you say, is more than 100 basis points for the full year.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah. The drag on price/cost will be less in the second half than in the first half, all else – based on what we know today.
Michael M. Larsen: So we typically don't break that out. I'm not sure I have that right in front of me. We typically don't do a lot with the really big players here for a number of reasons.
Michael M. Larsen: No, the differences are really some businesses have more overseas sales than others. Food Equipment has, as you know, a big business overseas, and so they are seeing a little bit more impact than Welding, for example, which is where 80% of the business is North America.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah. No, orders and backlog look really good here. You just run into some tougher comps particularly in Q4 in that business, but there's nothing to suggest that on a run rate basis things are slowing down.
Michael M. Larsen: That's right, yeah. Really strong execution on the initiatives, and then combined with the volume leverage.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah. I mean, it's a tough question to answer, Mig, because what we're talking about here is the roll-up from 85 divisions and hundreds of end markets and thousands of customers and pricing decisions being made. I think based on that roll-up and based on our strategy, we're very comfortable with where we're at on price/cost for the year and we'll be able to respond if things change, so.
Michael M. Larsen: As you know, I mean, the bulk of our international business is oil and gas, and it's certainly encouraging after a pretty significant down cycle here that the business is starting to stabilize and we're not calling the bottom, but it certainly feels better than it has in prior quarters.
Michael M. Larsen: No, the business can be lumpy. I mean, we've seen this before. If you look at Q4, the business was up 5%, and then up 1% here in Q1. We can point to couple of specific things internally that should get better from here based on run rates and backlogs, but that's probably as much as I can give you. As you know, marginally we tweak the organic growth rate for the segment a little bit, but there's nothing really specific to point to.
E. Scott Santi: Yeah. I think things were a little softer from the standpoint of global builds in Q1 than it looked like they were going to be in Q4, but certainly as we've moved through Q1, the build picture in terms of input from our customers and some of the public data that you can see, builds for the balance of the year has firmed up. As Michael talked about in his commentary, second quarter builds are projected to be up 5%. That's usually a pretty reliable number, given the timing. And then through the balance of the year, things seem to be firming up. I would also point out – I think I saw this today. Maybe it was GM that reported some pretty good sales. So I think things are firming up there demand-wise and the overall production scenario, as we look through the balance of the year, is pretty solid.
E. Scott Santi: Just to clarify, that's already absorbed and also announced, so there are certainly things out there that we're not seeing the full impact of yet, but we've already accounted for those in the guide, and likewise have taken pricing actions on those. But it is all based on known. No forecast.
E. Scott Santi: No. We remain very focused on executing our current strategy, getting our businesses up to full potential from an operational perspective. And we've talked about a long-time accelerating organic growth, and so that remains the focus. It doesn't preclude anything that might come our way opportunistically, but we don't have a particularly active agenda right now in that regard.
E. Scott Santi: Yeah. These are primarily price increases and, as you know, we are not a backlog-driven company, so our businesses tend to be fairly short-cycle, and so these will go into effect relatively quickly.
E. Scott Santi: But we do have notification provisions and other elements in terms of how we transact with our customers that are all applied here. We're not breaking those. We're not trying to waive anything in terms of surcharges. I think it's the part of your question, Ann. So there is some cycle in terms of timing and working our way through it.
E. Scott Santi: I think everybody gets it, and I think we're having price discussions everywhere across the company. As you know, Automotive can be a little bit more challenging, but we're working through that with our customers as well.
E. Scott Santi: Yeah. And the demand environment is pretty good. I mean, order books are good. I think some of these quarter-to-quarter comparisons, there's so much that goes on that's sort of just circumstantial. And I think there can be a little bit of an over-indexing on a particular quarter-to-quarter comp, but I think from a sequential demand standpoint, the overall environment right now is firm to improving.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think the obvious ones to point to are the CapEx-related businesses that we've certainly seen some really good acceleration in Welding, Test & Measurement, and even the equipment side of Specialty. I think that part – if you were looking for where there might be some additional upside, it all depends. I think we've gone through – my perspective on that is two-and-a-half or three years of pretty tamped down business investment, so there is some fair amount of pent-up demand there. And the momentum in terms of order rate seem to be pretty good. I think the rest of them – the consumable business order rates are not bad. They're certainly not as cyclical as the CapEx parts of the portfolio. But I can't think of any place where we're seeing – we've got concerns going forward about whether we're going to generate a reasonable amount of growth, given the consumable demand...
E. Scott Santi: Yeah. We interact with the leaders of all seven of our businesses every quarter. So I think the overall picture that I would give you is everybody's feeling pretty good about the balance of the year from a demand standpoint.
E. Scott Santi: Doesn't change the core strategy in terms of where we're going with the business nor how we allocate capital.
E. Scott Santi: Yeah. So on the second, nothing material that I could think of in terms of any bleed over from Auto into the other segments. And then from the standpoint of your first question, we are not experiencing any supply constraints. We're certainly keeping a closer eye on that, but from the standpoint of where we are today, we seem to be managing through that well. And I think the other question...
E. Scott Santi: Yeah. I think we're – other than our normal annual pay raises, I think we're right in line with where we expected to be on that at this point.
E. Scott Santi: There's no structural impediment. I think the environment is – I think Michael said it this way earlier. I think everybody knows it's pretty apparent if you are in a product that's using silicones or steel or a number of other commodities, there are some significant changes in input cost. I don't think there's any impediments. I would also point out that we are operating now only in spaces where the product performance really matters to the customer. So I think these are all actionable and reasonable actions to take from the perspective of not only our investors, but I would say from the marketplace and our customers. The issue is really, from the standpoint of some of the short-term impacts are really related to timing. We have relationships with a number of our customers, where we've agreed to either 60-day or 90-day. And I'm summarizing, Mig, over hundreds of different markets and customers, but there are things that we have to go through to implement these things that are just part of the process. But again, when we're talking about overall margins up 90 basis points in this kind of environment, I think the sum total of the enterprise initiatives, our ability to recover cost dollar-for-dollar, I think we're in good shape here. Based on what we know today baked into our guidance, we're pretty comfortable in terms of what we've got in there around price/cost. And if there are some additional downstream increases in costs that occur, we certainly have the ability to respond to those as they arise. And again, it'll have in some cases a similar month or two lag, but ultimately nothing that would present any sort of big game changing structural barriers to continue to perform the way we are expecting to perform this year.
E. Scott Santi: I don't have in front of me what the offshore piece was specifically in the quarter, so I don't know that we can...
E. Scott Santi: Just want to say thanks to everybody for joining on the call. We are, as we have discussed, well-positioned as we look at the back half of the year and certainly expect to continue to execute and deliver on our now revised and updated guidance. And we'll talk to you after the end of Q2. Thank you.
Ann P. Duignan: If you could just talk a little bit about the trends you're seeing in Europe across your broad portfolio, I'd appreciate it. There's some questions out there about PMI slowing, particularly in Germany. The strength of the euro, whether that's beginning to hurt it. Just curious with your breadth of portfolio, what you guys are seeing in Europe specifically.
Ann P. Duignan: Okay. Thank you. I appreciate the color. And then, can you just talk about – when you talk about price increases, I just want to be clear, are all your businesses implementing price increases as opposed to surcharges? And should we consider backlogs not included or dates when price increases will specifically be implemented? I just want to get a sense of – I know you talked about Q2 being similar to Q1,but if you could just talk us through the details, that would be great.
Ann P. Duignan: And any particular segments where it might be more difficult to get pricing in this environment, or are customers broadly acceptant of price increases, which...
Ann P. Duignan: Okay. And just a quick clarification on Automotive. Are you more leveraged or less leveraged to cars versus SUVs, or is there anything in the mix that's changing out there in the industry that we should consider going into maybe next year? Maybe not this year, but Ford made the big announcement yesterday about cutting back on cars.
David Raso: Yeah. I guess we're trying to figure is, is it truly improving, is it just the comp, and I appreciate the way you try to guide, just current rates, but trying to be a little more thoughtful about actual trends, not just current rate run forward. Maybe to ask another way, if you look at the first quarter organic for each business segment, then you put it up against the full year guide, there's obviously some that are in a lot better shape and other ones that are definitely dragging behind the full year. Can you just maybe quick rattle through the segments, where are the ones that you feel, yeah, maybe that one's a little hard to get to the low end, and that's another one that, sure, the way we're running now, maybe a better chance at the higher end? Just to give us a little play on maybe we're running ahead, we're running behind.
David Raso: Yeah. I think the interplay is that those CapEx businesses are running at 7.5% plus in the first quarter. You'd like to think there's a chance they can do better than the 4% to 5% in Test & Measurement and 5% and 6% in Welding. And they usually bring decent incrementals. At the same time, Polymers, actually I'm scratching my head a little bit why we started that slowly. I mean, that's at 0.3% and the full-year guide's 2.5%. Food full year guide's 2.5%. We started at 0.4%. But those business don't have quite the same incrementals usually, at least as a base case. So we just kind of do the interplay of what's above, what's below, and so – okay, so nothing stands out in particular.
David Raso: So none of them were thinking of taking down the full year guide on the organic. Let me – said more blatantly, there wasn't any heavy discussion on Polymers or Food to take it down or...
