Michael Larsen: That is correct. So we are going – we’re expecting that if inflation stays where it is, and so based on the known increases and decreases and based on the price that we expect to realize in the fourth quarter, that price/cost will be accretive on an EPS basis and also, for the first time in a while, accretive on a margin basis as well.
Michael Larsen: Yes, that’s correct. So this is not our typical run rate. This has been adjusted with some anticipated further slowing in the end markets that we talked about.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So as you know, Tami, we don’t report price and volume separately. But what I think we can tell you is that we are seeing, in Q3, we saw meaningful volume growth across the company, including particularly in – if you look at the strength in Auto, Food Equipment, Test & Measurement, you’re not going to put out numbers like that without a meaningful contribution from volume.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think that’s the reason. Obviously, this is a very dynamic environment but there is a lot of strength in the businesses that I just talked about that more than offset some of the slowing we’re seeing at about 20% of the company. So I think we’re really well positioned for a strong finish here in Q4. And if you look at the implied guidance, we’re looking at organic growth, like we said, double digit. We’re looking at margin improvement of more than 100 basis points, GAAP EPS growth of 40%, 15% excluding the divestiture gain that we talked about earlier. So a really strong finish to what’s been a very strong year for the company.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think what we’ve seen is primarily a slowdown on the residential side, which is about 80% of our business. And we talked about softening on the international side here on our call last quarter. And so we did see Europe down 1%. I think that’s pretty broad-based, UK, Continental Europe at this point, given some of the challenges, that’s probably what you would expect. Australia and New Zealand is also slowing here. And as the comps get a little more difficult, you’re going to see those growth rates start to come down. I think in North America, there is still a fair bit of, obviously, strength in the business. And then late in the quarter, we’re really starting to see the order rates starting to come down on the residential side, so…
Michael Larsen: I think it’s reasonable to assume that our incremental margins will be a little bit higher than our normal range, just given the recovery on price/cost that we talked about. So assuming again, Joe, that from an inflation side that things stay where they are or continue to moderate, then that would be a reasonable expectation.
Michael Larsen: Well, I mean, I think there is certainly a reason to be a little bit more concerned about Europe, just if you look at the macro picture. I think the fact is our businesses are performing at a really high level right now. And so if you just look at Q3, I’ll just go back to a little bit of commentary on Europe specifically. We had six segments growing between 9% and 26%, and so double-digit growth in five of the seven segments and only construction was down 1%. And it’s not all Auto. If you take out Auto, Europe still grew 10%. I think obviously, we expect those growth rates to moderate here in the fourth quarter. But I think we’re really well positioned in Europe to deal with, just like the rest of the company, deal with whatever that’s ahead. And if we have a little bit more softness maybe in Europe, maybe we have a little more strength in other parts of the world, and that’s kind of how the company is set up, as Scott said. So we will read and react. We will deal with whatever is ahead of us, but we’re confident that we will continue to outperform on a relative basis.
Michael Larsen: Yes, Jamie, it’s all price/cost in construction so a little bit more headwind here than in some of the other parts of the company. And so I will also say that 25.7% operating margin in construction is not too shabby at this point. So – but still, you’re right. Relative to prior year, we’re down due to the price/cost dynamic.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think from the beginning in terms of the – so one, we’re confident that we are gaining market share across the portfolio and the kind of the guidance was only strategic long-term market share gains and not opportunistic kind of one-time orders from new customers. So we’ve really focused on serving our 80 customers, as we call them, our best customers better than anybody else. And because of our win the recovery positioning, we are doing that and as a result of that gaining market share. I mean, it’s hard to – we have 83 divisions so it’s hard to point to specific areas. But if you just look at our overall at the enterprise level, organic growth of 16% in the third quarter, I think relative to other industrial companies that will probably compare pretty well.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So if I understand your question, so we’re currently running at about 3 months on hand. We’re typically running at 2 months on hand in terms of inventory. And as supply conditions here begin to normalize and we’re going to see a return to normal levels in that 2 months on hand. When exactly that happens is difficult to predict, but we are starting to see some signs that supply chain is improving. So I think it’s reasonable to assume that once conditions normalize, that it will take us about six to eight quarters to get back to 2 months on hand. And obviously, just like our conversion rate is below our historical typical levels at this point, they are going to be above for that period of time as we benefit from significant working capital release. When exactly that plays out is difficult to say. It’s not all going to come back in one quarter. I mean, we’ve built this up over 2 years. It’s going to take some time to get it back out again. But we’re confident we’ve added the right level of inventory, and it’s really put us in a great position to serve our customers, mitigate supply chain risk and, like we said, take market share.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think if you look at it historically, we typically – Q3 is our highest quarter and we go down in Q4. The primary driver is that there is just less shipping days in the fourth quarter. So I think this year, there are 61 shipping days in Q4. There were 64 in the third quarter and so that’s really the main driver here. On EPS, obviously, implied is slightly lower than what we just did in Q3. And the delta there is the foreign exchange piece.
Michael Larsen: No, we haven’t really. If you have any great idea, send them over. But we are a short-cycle company. We read and react what’s in front of us, and trying to predict what the government is going to do, I think has not really been a winning equation for us anyway. It may work well for others but not in our case.
Michael Larsen: I think the fourth quarter looks a lot like the third quarter, except the organic growth rates are coming down. And so from a margin standpoint, it’s pretty close to the third quarter.
Michael Larsen: Yes, we are. I mean we saw a meaningful decline here in Q3 from Q2, and we expect to see the same thing in Q4.
Michael Larsen: I think there is maybe one more potentially here in the near-term. And then we will have to assess the remainder and whether now is a good time to move forward with those. But I think our views haven’t changed in terms of the portfolio and the raw material that we need in order to continue to deliver the type of results that we are delivering. And so we have about a handful of businesses that we had flagged for potential divestiture. We just completed one. Maybe one more to go and then the balance, we will kind of reassess in the New Year.
Michael Larsen: Yes, obviously. So, it’s not a matter of whether or not we are going to benefit from working capital coming back down to normal levels. That we are sure of, we just don’t know when. And in the near-term, we are absolutely committed to what Scott talked about, which is intentional working capital, including inventory to support double-digit growth and significant market share gains. So, we will update you if and when that changes. And then we will let you know what we think exactly the – how it might play out from a free cash flow standpoint.
Michael Larsen: Well, CapEx, I mean I think we have always funded every good project inside of the company, including during the pandemic, and I think that’s going to continue. We are really fortunate that we are not a capital-intensive business, not – we are a pretty asset-light business model, as Scott described earlier. And so at maybe less than 2% of sales, CapEx doesn’t suck up a significant amount of our total cash flow. So, we are very comfortable with continuing to invest in the business as we have done for many years, including throughout the pandemic.
Michael Larsen: Well, yes. So, we think that the growth is sustainable. We have not seen anything to suggest that it’s slowing down. We are obviously a big beneficiary from all the growth on the semi side of things. But also on the CapEx side with our Instron business, which I think you are familiar with, we are seeing double-digit growth. On the – everybody’s electronics business, I think is a little bit different. I think when I just look at the businesses in there, including electronic assembly, contamination control, the pressure-sensitive adhesives, we are still showing really solid double-digit growth. North America up 18%, international up 16%. So, there is still some supply chain issues, but I think the team is doing a great job staying on top of those and gaining share. And so we feel very good about the outlook for the Test & Measurement and Electronics business.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I don’t know, Mig, that I can tell you something I didn’t say already. I think if you take our full year guidance and the fourth quarter kind of implied, as we said, organic growth of about 10%, solid incrementals in our normal range, maybe a little bit higher than that. Operating margins improved more than 100 basis points on a year-over-year basis. We would expect another 100 basis points from enterprise initiatives. Price/cost goes from negative to slightly positive from a margin standpoint and also positive accretive to income, as I have said. So, those are kind of the high-level view on the fourth quarter. And again, we are not – we have adjusted our run rates on the top line, which is a little bit different than in prior years. We are just wanting to be a little conservative, hopefully, and account for some of the softness we are seeing in about 20% of the company, but also incorporate a lot of strength in the businesses that we talked about, including Auto, Food Equipment, Test & Measurement, Welding. And so that’s maybe – those are kind of the key elements of the fourth quarter.
Michael Larsen: I think I said this earlier, Mig. The reason why we are taking the EPS number down is incremental foreign currency headwind by incorporating current foreign exchange rates like we always do. So, that’s what’s accounting for the EPS adjustment.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So, I think I said there, we have one more potential divestiture that we are working through. And then we have three that are kind of in the pipeline that we are going to spend a little bit more time on next year and determine whether now is the best time to sell those businesses. They are all performing at a high level, significantly better than obviously pre-enterprise strategy. And so it’s just a matter of timing on those divestitures. On the other side of this, we talked about the M&A pipeline on most of these calls. I mean nothing has really changed. I mean I think to the extent we find acquisitions that are a good fit for us strategically, which really means that they can grow at 4% to 5% organically over a sustained period of time, we have significant margin improvement through the implementation of the business model. And we can – and their valuation is reasonable in the sense that we can generate a rate of return that makes sense for the company, then just like we did with MTS, when those opportunities come along, we are definitely going to lean in. And I think we have called our posture kind of aggressively opportunistic. So, when those come along, we don’t have a lot of those, but when we do see them, we are definitely going to lean in hard just like we did with MTS. And there is nothing in the pipeline here in the near-term is what I can offer.
Scott Santi: Well, we’ve talked about this before, but one of the fundamental elements of 80/20 is that we are – that we have a very flexible cost structure. So we are – we do a lot of outsourcing upstream. We want to assemble. We want to control the manufacturing elements that really matter from the standpoint of control of quality-controlled delivery. But we don’t necessarily have to bend all the metal. We don’t have to necessarily do all the upstream work. And so what that gets us fundamentally, in fact, we prefer not to, and what ultimately that gives us is a relatively flexible cost structure. So we are a read and react company. Our businesses are going to respond to whatever the demand is that sits right in front of them. We’ve talked about that before. We don’t do a lot of forward forecasting. We are producing today what our customers bought yesterday. And as demand rates start to decline in places like construction, then those adjustments will take place real time.
Scott Santi: Yes, I think the only thing I would add is that it is among the most interest rate-sensitive end markets that we serve. And so you’re seeing in the housing start data and a lot of other things that the rapid pace of interest rates rising is certainly starting to bite in the housing market. It’s – I’ll just point to the fact that it remains a very strong, very profitable business for us, and it points to just the value of the diversified portfolio is we’re going to see some pressure in some places, but we’ve got plenty of other places that are more than picking up and that’s really by design. That’s how we’re trying to position the company ultimately to outperform in any environment.
Scott Santi: I think just – I think the question was more in terms of our cost of goods, what percentage of those are material costs.
Scott Santi: Well, there is a lot of factors that go into the last part of your question. I think the simple answer on your first 1 is that the percentage of material as the – material cost percentage as an overall versus the overall COGS is going to vary. But let’s just say, roughly 60%, 65%, 35% freight labor, other elements of the cost structure if that helps.
Scott Santi: Yes. I will maybe start on the first part with regard to inventory, and that is that we haven’t seen enough stability yet on the supply chain side to make us comfortable that we can start backing off. So, our first priority is to preserve our ability to serve our customers. And so at this point, we are still in the mode of keeping the inventories where they are. As we start to see things become more, let’s call it, reliable and consistent there, then we will certainly start making a move. But as of right now, we have – we are not in the mood of – in the mode of starting to reduce inventories.
Scott Santi: Yes. Go ahead. I was just going to say, David, we don’t – it’s a little early in the planning cycle for us in terms of ‘23, number one. Number two, I would say, given our sort of traditional delivery and lead times, which are relatively short, we don’t get a lot of forward visibility even in our CapEx businesses. So, regardless of what anybody has to say in terms of their outlook for the year, that’s going to certainly be a number that’s going to move around. In our sort of core operating MO is that we are going to produce what – based on what orders we are getting today, we are not going to sort of bite on our forecast on how optimistic or pessimistic, and we have the flexibility in our systems to do that. So, I don’t have a lot of forward, we don’t – coming back to our businesses and our customers, we don’t have a lot of input in terms of strong points of view one way or the other at this point.
