Michael Larsen: All right, thank you Dale. Good morning, and welcome to ITW’s fourth quarter and full year 2017 conference call. I am Michael Larsen, ITW’s Senior Vice President and CFO. And joining me this morning is our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi. I am also joined by Karen Fletcher, our new head of Investor Relations. Many of you may know Karen from her five years as head of investor relations at DuPont, so welcome Karen. During today’s call, we will discuss our fourth quarter and full year 2017 financial results and update you on our 2018 earnings forecast. Before we get to the results, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the first quarter and full year 2018 as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company’s 2016 Form 10-K for more detailed about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Scott.
Michael Larsen: So Andy, I mean we are closely watching this and there certainly is some inflation that is being addressed in our business units. But, I think we have it well covered in our current guidance. So, as you point out, our strategy in 2017 and it will be the same in 2018 is to offset any material cost inflation dollar for dollar with price, and we have been able to do that successfully at the enterprise level. We have assumed for 2018 that we will see a similar impact from a margin standpoint of 30 to 40 basis points. As we talked about in December in New York to be hopefully somewhat conservative we have baked in some EPS headwind as well on the price cost side. So sudden not complacent and taking action getting price in all of our businesses with automotive being the one that’s a little more challenging just given how that industry is structured, but overall feel good about price cost going into 2018.
Michael Larsen: Yes, it’s a good question, John. So, to answer your first question, we do expect that this is a year one [ph] run rate of 25 to 26, and as we get ourselves organized here we could potentially see that go lower from here. The rate is slightly higher, not just for us but I think you’ve seen that for others as well then maybe we had expected one, you know the rate, the federal rate went to 21 not to 20. And the other piece is that there are some we believe somewhat unintended consequences in this act associated with a foreign tax, U.S. tax on foreign earnings of the so-called guilty tax  And the way the math works on that, that’s about two points a headwind to the overall rate. Now that could get, that could get further clarified and maybe there is a workaround, but as the math works today, we are sitting at 25 to 26, and maybe a little bit better on a go-forward basis.
Michael Larsen: No, I think the current rate reflects our current planning, but obviously as these new rules and they are new, we are talking 30 days here, as we analyze and interpret those and those tied back to the comments we made around our capital structure, I mean there’s some far-reaching implications here as we work through that and get our planning organized. I think that that’s what we believe will give us room to lower the rate on a go-forward basis.
Michael Larsen: I think Joe, I’ll go back to what I said earlier, is that we are still analyzing all the implications of the new tax law from a capital structure and capital allocation standpoint. As you know, these are pretty significant changes. Some of the rules are not entirely clear yet in terms of their application and we expect to receive a further guidance and we simply haven’t had enough time to really work through this in a deliberate and thoughtful way as the management team and with our board. So we are not at a point today where we can really make any strategic decisions on how we’ll deploy that overseas cash this year and also in the future years as it now is available to us here. And what that exactly it means from a either from a capital structure or a capital allocation framework. So what we can’t tell you is that we are working to get the 2 billion back by year-end. We don’t have the money as we sit here today and we have made the decision to accelerate the dividend payout ratio as we talked about it earlier. And that’s really as far as we can go, as we sit here today and we’ll keep you posted as we work through this. And so if we have more information here, when we report Q1, we’ll give you an update.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think we are certainly hopeful and the early indications are that we were seeing some acceleration in business investment already, I mean prior to passage, our Q4 rates, you know one of the big deltas was clearly some really meaningful acceleration and demand trends and involving test and measurement and the capital goods components of our specialty segment. And certainly Joe to your point, I think this new tax legislation has great potential to add some further momentum and stimulation to the economy overall and in particular to business investment. So, I think the raw material in terms of some sustained recovery if you will in business investment particularly the U.S. is certainly there, but as is our habit we’ll wait to see it before we plan on it.
Michael Larsen: It’s actually if you look at it at current run rates, the 3 to 4 and I’m not giving guidance for Q2 or Q3 but it’s in that range, and then probably a little bit lower than that in the fourth quarter just on from a comp standpoint.
Michael Larsen: Yes, maybe at the higher end of the range, but in that 3 to 4 ranges based on run rates as we sit here today.
Michael Larsen: It was pretty broad based, so I think as you would expect the ones with the highest acceleration in Q4 that we just talked about had a little bit more, but overall there is some pretty good momentum across the portfolio here.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think I’d tie back to what Scott said earlier. It’s really you know on the business investment side were these new accelerated as depreciation rose, I have probably created some positive stimulus and so that it would be primarily test and measurement, welding as well as portions of specialty. So, I think it’s hard to tie back to you know what specific was tax related but I think its part of an overall improving momentum in those businesses.
Michael Larsen: You know and overall what I can tell you is we produce close to where our customers produced in that space. So to the extent this impacts where they choose to produce vehicles and which we have content then we are overtime we would certainly follow those moves. We are well positioned; in fact one of the strengths of our position is our belief to provide copies of that product all over the world, so it's certainly something that is well within our capacity to react to. I can’t really speak as much in terms of overall demand impact for customers in the short run, but I think in terms of does it create any long-term structural issues for us, I can’t really think of any sitting here today.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think it was pretty broad based really on the test and measurement side and part of what we’re seeing is some strength in the businesses that are tied to the semiconductor end market. But also like I said -- we pointed out, Instron up 8, which we believe again is driven by CapEx, increased demand for CapEx. So those are the two dynamics in test and measurement. We say it looks pretty for the year. In December, we said 4% to 5%, so it’s kind of mid single-digit type growth for test and measurement and electronics, and as we said here today and that supported by the current run rates and the backlog in that business.
Michael Larsen: So, I think kind of from a modeling standpoint on the interest expense, it will probably be a little bit higher, not because of an assumption around increased debt, but its really some of the euro denominated debt at current currency rate, so I think that’s a $10 million, $15 million increase, if I remember correctly on the interest expense side. Most everything, depreciation might be up a little bit as a result of the increased investment that we talk about to support the growth this year. The intangibles, we typically go down $10 million to $15 million, so probably a similar trajectory for 2018. And then the other thing that’s little unusual is the unallocated line this year of the legal item is actually showing a positive number. If you take the Q4 number which is the $20 million or so and run rate that out, so about $18 million for the year. I think that gives you kind of the key pieces that you need to put this together for 2018.
Michael Larsen: What I can’t tell you Joel is we have a $1 billion in the plan which is consistent with what we said in December. And from a planning standpoint that’s $250 million a quarter. And as I said early we can really comment on the plans for the additional surplus capital, the $2 billion or so in terms of the timing. It will comeback by year-end, but we’re still working through the exact timing. And then what that means from a capital allocation or capital structure standpoint, it's a little too early to comment on that.
Michael Larsen: I think, Mig, for us its really – for us price cost is a function of just wanting to recover the inflation that we’re seeing over time. And there is typically a little bit about lag as you saw last year, but we’re not trying to get greedy here and charge more in their business than we normally would, so it doesn’t really impact our thinking.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So, if you look at the overall charge, the $658 million is very close to a cash number fin two free cash flow yet the liability will charge 608 million is very close to a cast number for all intents and purposes. So if you look at our balance sheet, you’ll see a payable there, non-current tax payable that 614 and then there’s another 50 million or so in current payables, all related to tax reform. I should point of clarification that the repatriation tax number, the 729 also includes any foreign withholding tax on those cash distribution. So any taxes that are payable overseas related to the 2 billion are already accounted for in that number.
Michael Larsen: I think we’ve seen a pickup in those businesses that goes back to before the passage of the tax act. So these businesses and so test and measurement, welding in particular have been pretty sluggish for a number for years. And I think it the recovery that we saw in those businesses goes back to November – October, November of 2016 and so if anything maybe there some additional stimulus here in those businesses and that would certainly be beneficial to ITW if that’s the case.
Michael Larsen: I’ll tell you we do collect some data on that. I’m not comfortable really sharing that externally. I think it's a combination of the two as we said in the past. I mean, I think clearly what we had point to Walters just look at the progression of overall organic growth rate with more than one percentage point improvement of 15 over 2015, 2016, 2017 and another meaningful improvement in the growth rate for 2018, and its really a combination of things. And I think only recently last year we’ve seen a little bit pickup from a market standpoint, but if you look the last three years we've delivered meaningful improvement really in a pretty sluggish overall pretty challenging macro. So that’s the best thing, so I can give that Walter. It’s a little bit of both.
Michael Larsen: It will be probably about the same in 2018, so we’re expecting another 50 basis points here maybe as a result of the reapplication of the -- our 8020 [ph] reapplication initiatives across the businesses and you see the benefits were accruing not just in terms of – from a margin standpoint but also creating a portfolio that has significantly higher organic growth potential.
Michael Larsen: So I think it’s actually not that small anymore. I mean, that team has been putting up some really strong growth rates for long period of time and as I said for the full year the China automotive business is up 17% and up 14% here in Q4. And when we look at the backlog in terms of further content per vehicle growth that is a sustainable above market growth rate.
Scott Santi: Thanks, Michael, and good morning everyone. The fourth quarter closed out another year of record performance and strong execution by the ITW team, excluding one-time tax and legal items 2017 earnings per share of $6.59 was up 16% versus 2016 and we achieved record performance and all of our key operating metrics. Operating income of $3.4 billion was up 11%, operating margin of 23.7% was up 120 basis points and after-tax return on invested capital of 24.4% was up 230 basis points. In addition, we returned more than $1.9 billion of capital to our shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. We also continued to make meaningful progress on our focused efforts to accelerate organic growth. Our 2017 organic growth rate of 3% was up almost 2 full percentage points versus 2016, and in additional our Q4 organic growth rate of 4% gives us good momentum heading into 2018. Overall these results demonstrate that we are continuing to make progress in our efforts to position ITW to generate consistent differentiated performance on a sustained basis. Through the combination of ITW’s high-quality business portfolio and our continued focus on leveraging ITW’s powerful business model to full potential, we are well-positioned to continue to deliver strong results in 2018 and beyond. In closing, let me say we owe a huge debt of gratitude to our ITW colleagues around the world for their commitment to executing our strategy and serving our customers with excellence each and every day. They are responsible for ITW’s strong performance and give us great confidence in our ability to continue to deliver sustained top-tier performance as we go forward. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Michael who will provide you with more detail regarding our Q4 and full year 2017 performance, and on our updated 2018 forecast. Back to you, Michael.
Scott Santi: Sorry about that, by the way the phone ringing in at the background. So essentially I think you’ve pegged it pretty well and the guidance we gave in December was based on activity we were already seeing in the fourth quarter. As you run rate it out, we are still; we think 3 to 4 is the right number. Certainly would acknowledge the fact that there is some momentum building. It is only January, so to the extent things continued on the path of run from the standpoint of the macro environment, I think the possibility is good that we would certainly be in the high end of that range, but from where we sit today, while things are incrementally better, you know the forecast that we gave you in December was based on what we already knew was had going on in the fourth quarter.
Scott Santi: What I would just – would just add to that real quick. I think the reality is as you know this affects percentages, but our – I think we are very comfortable with our ability to recover dollar for dollar. So from the standpoint of actual EPS risk in 2018 we are very comfortable this is not going to be a significant factor as we sit here today.
Scott Santi: Yes, that’s actually not the main driver, John. I mean, our investment was up slightly and that’s really if you look at our CapEx and our R&D spend, it’s typically in that 2% of sales range for CapEx and 1.6%, 1.7% for R&D. And so our sales grow, those investments will grow. Operationally we delivered 100%. There are two things going on in the full year number. One is the decision that we made last year to fully fund our pension plans. We talked about that contribution, I think it was in the second quarter last year, on top of our regular contribution the total was about 150 million. And our pension plans are now fully funded to the point where we stress tested them in another '08 '09 type scenario. We are not going to be in a position where we are underfunded on the pension side. And the other piece that gets you to the 100% free cash flow is just the timing of some cash tax payment in 2017 versus 2016. So operationally we did 100%. Now, if you’re really picky, if you look at Q4, we did see a slight increase in working capital and that’s just to assume, support the higher demand and the increase in backlog that we are seeing in some of our businesses.
Scott Santi: I think our current view and it is that in the first half of the year we don’t expect much improvement in market conditions in North America. There is some optimism as it relates to the second half. We are modelling at current run rates. We should end up at 2% to 3% for the year, but it continues to be a fairly challenging environment as we’ve talked about for several quarters now in North America.
Scott Santi: Yes. I suppose that's -- they are mostly it's a relatively small part of the overall business as Michael said and our position there is heavily weighted towards oil and gas. So it’s nothing more than that. Certainly it should to the extent it is a turning in – any direction I’d say we are certainly bottoming out there. But I don’t think we are particularly good proxy for the overall welding market internationally, given the narrowness of our position there.
Scott Santi: And these are – just to add onto that, the way that gets managed internally whether it’s one year is that’s sort of an automatic reaction, that’s not a full forecast. So just as Michael said it happens because demand dictates, not because we're making our own bet on where things are heading.
Scott Santi: No, no this – we don’t as you know most of our businesses are we get the order – today, we shift tomorrow, we’ve replenished inventory the following day and as demand picks up, we build more inventory. And so that’s really what you are seeing. So I think it’s nothing to be alarmed about.
Scott Santi: I think the general framework is really goes back to how we structure the portfolio from a price cost standpoint. So we are operating in spaces and our products are not commodities, their performance matters to the customer, so we expect given that that any changes in input costs over some reasonable period of time that will -- that those changes in input cost will get reflected in the prices we charge our customers, that just been fair, but we are certainly much more oriented towards how do we grow the high-quality portfolio. And so from the standpoint of overall how to manage this we’re just trying to cover the cost and really remain focused on leveraging the portfolio to continue to accelerate organic growth.
Scott Santi: I think, Steve, the answer is, if you look at our strong cash flow that we’re already generating and have been for many years. We are already full invested in businesses and in our strategy before the passage of this tax legislation. So there's nothing that we would do or could do now that we didn't do before that would be accretive or at the performance or ability to execute a strategy, so at this point we’re modeling and we penciled in two percent of sales on CapEx. We talked a lot about that in December how we think about these internal investments. And this any changes on the tax side have not – don’t have any impact there.
Scott Santi: I think at this point broadly for construction products we’re still in that 3% to 4% organic growth range for the year and commercial we don't – there’s really no change in terms of our view on the commercial side.
Scott Santi: Yes, it will be a combination again in it. Obviously the further along we are in the process, it would be reasonable to expect a higher contribution from the organic growth initiatives that we are executing across our businesses.
Scott Santi: I think industrial 15 is that’s a pretty solid number, I don’t know if I would count on further acceleration from there on a sequential basis. The comps year-over-year are going to change as we go through the year, but we feel really good about the improved demand on them, on the, on the industrial side.
Scott Santi: If not Dale, why don’t we just wrap it up here and I’d like to thank everybody for dialing in today and Karen and I are around if you want to give us a call. Thank you.
