Scott Santi: Thanks Chris. Let's move on to slide nine for an update on our full year 2021 guidance. We now expect full year revenue to be in the range of $14.3 billion to $14.6 billion, up 15% at the midpoint versus last year, with organic growth in the range of 11% to 13% and foreign currency translation impact of plus-3%.  This is an increase in organic growth of one percentage point at the mid-point versus the updated guidance that we provided at the end of Q1, driven largely by the incremental revenue impact of pricing actions implemented in Q2 in response to accelerating raw material cost increases.  While demand momentum accelerated in Q2 versus Q1 as we noted earlier in our presentation, we are admittedly being conservative in not projecting that forward in our guidance at this point in time, given the significant supply chain disruptions that continue to challenge many of our customers in auto and otherwise.  We are raising our GAAP EPS guidance by $0.35 to a range of $8.55 to $8.95 to incorporate the one-time tax benefit realized in the second quarter. The mid-point of 875 represents earnings growth of 32% versus last year and 13% over 2019. Factoring out the one-time Q2 tax side in the mid-point of our 2021 guidance is 10% higher than 2019.  With regard to margin percentage as discussed earlier, the incremental cost increases that we saw in Q2 will result in full year margin dilution of 100 basis points versus the 50 basis points that we project [Audio Gap] to a range of 24.5% to 25.5%, which would still be an improvement of more than 200 basis points year-over-year and an all-time record for the company. And again, we expect zero EPS impact from price cost for the full year.  We expect free cash flow conversion to be approximately 100% of net income factoring out the impact of the one-time, non-cash, tax benefit we recorded in Q2. Through the first half we have repurchase 500 million of our shares and expect to repurchase an additional 500 million in the second half. Finally we expect our tax rate in the second half to be in our usual range of 23% to 24% and for our full year tax rate of around 20%.  Lastly, today’s guidance excludes any impact from the previously announced acquisition of the MTS Test & Simulation business, which we expect to close later this year. Once that acquisition closes we’ll provide you with an update.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to you Karen. 
Scott Santi: Well, on the first question I think we're very confident that we will cover whatever, you know all the increases that have already been incurred and anything subsequent to that, I would not be comfortable describing the environment as stabilizing at this point, but ultimately I think we have demonstrated. We’ve looked back over the last – you know going back to 2017 and even in ‘18 and certainly this year, you know sort of on a quarterly basis worst impacts on price costs and inflationary environments have been a $0.001, you know may be $0.02 one quarter.  So I think we're fully comfortable that we’ll be able to read and react to whatever might happen from here that the EPS impact of the company will be negligible for the full year, but I think as I said, I don't – it's not based on an assumption that things are going to stabilize from here for sure. I don't think we're seeing – we’ve seen enough evidence of that and normally I’d predict things are going to continue to reach forward either. I think its wait and see. 
Scott Santi: I was going to add some color commentary that I think I was adding up the time when Chris was reading the comments, but I think we said all time record margins for Q2 and Q3 of our seven segments despite the price cost environment. And I’ll just circle back to a comment I made, which is you know there is still room to run in terms of structural margin improvement across the company. We got 150 basis points of enterprise initiative benefit in this quarter. So there is, you know these are certainly sustainable improvements and performance and we expect to continue to do better as we go forward. 
Scott Santi: Well, I don't know. You know the headwind from my perspective is a percentage headwind, it's not an earnings headwind. You know the overall position that we wanted, we’ve created an incredibly profitable economic engine and the most important job we have is to grow it organically, and so from the standpoint of – to the extent we don't have to go up as high as other people do, we are leveraging that strong position and we can translate that into incremental share, that’s the preferred option.  I don’t want our people fighting over the next incremental. We ought to get the cost for sure, but then let’s get on to talk with our customers about how we can help them improve their business you know operationally, technically from a sales standpoint and so that’s basically it. We can certainly do more to get all distraction and try to price optimize in the short term, but I don’t think that services our long term interest very well. We make plenty money, you know this is not a...
Scott Santi: I’ll give you some overall color and then certainly let Chris giving some segment level, sort of business levels specifics if some things come to mind for him.  I would say, in terms of overall color, as we talked to our businesses around the world, there's no question that it is a daily battle that maintained supplier division as we service our customers. I would absolutely contend that we are doing better than most for a couple of reasons: One is the fact that we have long head, localized supply relationships with local manufacturing facilities, serving our customers locally. And then the other fact is what I – we talked about in our remarks, the fact that we kept all our people though the pandemic. We have not to scramble to bring people back.  So normally our supply chain manufacturing operations function in a very simple automated way. It’s definitely taking a lot more, let’s call it boot force for now, but I think we are not hearing any big issues from a standpoint of our own ability to supply our customers. It doesn't mean that there's not an occasional you know $2 bracket that shows up late and there is a couple of other machines that can’t go on just making that out, but that’s – I'm sure that’s the case, but ultimately given the service level that we are now entering, you know as a standard part of our operating practices I would say that – I’m very comfortable saying that we are working a lot harder than we normally have to, but ultimately performing pretty well.  I would say that the supply chain area beyond auto is much more of an issue for us on the demand side than the supply side and I’d point to a couple of things, but we are seeing a lot of sort of timing changes in terms of orders and requirements, not because we can't deliver something, but because another supplier can deliver something to a customer. And I’d also points to the $200 million of backlog, and we've talked about this before.  You know we should – basically today is what our customers ordered yesterday and so we operate with very little backlog and the fact that we built a couple of hundred million of backlog, I can’t analyze every dollar of it, but my contention would be that that's a lot more to do the – for the customer delays than it is our own ability to supply.  And with that we’ll see the $60 million in auto plus the $200 million in backlog, that’s another 10 percentage points of organic growth in the second quarter. You know again, I’m not necessarily contending that all of it could have gone, but my bet would be most of it and that’s the only thing… [Cross Talk]
Scott Santi: Well, I would tell you that we are excited about MPS. We are working hard to get that one finished off and you know that is what's kind of $50 million of annualized revenue, so that’s you know certainly enough work to do for a little while anyway. I don’t want to unnecessarily comment on the pipeline as much as to say we remain and will remain very interested in adding high quality businesses to the company, but so the timing of all that is always a subject of the quality of what opportunities present themselves.  So there’s a lot of stuff going on, but it’s not a matter of how big or small the pipeline is; it's more we're looking for a much narrower set of criteria than I think, so it's more a function of the quality of what’s there than the quantity. 
Scott Santi: I'd say some of it is to convert. I think the only one you know that's probably you know definitely into 2022 is the loan that Chris mentioned and not where this, you know this dip sort of doesn’t look like it's going to get resolved any time soon. But I'd say most of the – the rest of that backlog, that $200 million, I would expect that to – given our customers can take it, because they can get the other components of things they need, that should certainly convert in the back half.  I think our – you know it just doesn't make sense to up the revenue guide when you know everyone is so supply constrained right now. That I can't say it any more simply than that and that's how we see how things play out. It just doesn’t make sense to take things too far from where they are now in terms of run rate until we see how that all – how the supply issues play out in affecting our customers willingness to, you know the ability to take what they’ve ordered from us and with more. But I would say it is definitely you know from simpler border rates and the overall demand is definitely enough there to do you know well better than what's in our guide is this pricing situation. It's you know significantly better from here forward. 
Scott Santi: But beyond that I don't think there's anything that really concentrates up. You know I think again the color from our businesses, you know it's something different every day, but you know it’s not a – you now it takes a lot more work and it's not even the big dollar stuff. It's again the $2 bracket, but it is a real offer right now, significantly more than… [Cross Talk]
Scott Santi: [Cross Talk] It’s probably a three to five years process, and part of that is not disrupting the business. 
Scott Santi: It’s the former not the latter, if I understand you correctly. Taking a risk for us by far is customer supply chain, and what that does to their demand patterns from here on out.  It is – as I said before, it's about as volatile of a situation as I've seen in my career at ITW, and so I don't – I'm not trying to be mysterious about it. I think until we see that start to stabilize, it’s just really hard to be comfortable sort of raising – I know we are serving the demand we have today really well and sort of run rate from the standpoint that our customers are able to sustain, and I think we are comfortable continuing to – our ability to do that will continue on for the back half.  There is a lot more orders and a lot more demand and that’s again why we built backlog, that’s – there is not a demand question. If we had, we – our customers had sort of unimpaired supply chains right now, we would have probably had 10 more points in the second quarter on this. It’s not a fact, that’s just my opinion.  But you know just looking at the backlog, and so I think demand is certainly much stronger right now given the pace of the recovery, it’s just the matter off from the standpoint of all the supply chain issues and the risks for our customers. Their pace of being able to – you know what they ultimately need from us. As I said it’s just hard to justify going up with a lot of confidence from here, but it’s more their supply side than their demand side, if that makes sense. 
Scott Santi: We are not thinking about ‘22 much yet, but I would just you know say as a general rule, a lot of the supply chain disruption I think just pushes, adds to the duration of the recovery. I think there is plenty of business now, and because all of it can't be satisfied, a point of demand now and Chris will gave an example of auto.  This $60 million we couldn't ship in audio in the second quarter, that's not going away, that’s just getting pushed out. We got dealer inventories at all-time lows, you know I forget what it was, less than a month, maybe less than a month I think I saw you know and so to the extent, I don't think it's necessarily the worst thing in the world that all this demand that’s there right now can’t be fully serviced, because it’s going to allow us to – again this recovery duration gets extended by another two to four quarters maybe. We’ll think harder about that as we get to that part of the year. 
Scott Santi: I think the best way to model our working capital requirements is our months on-hand and days sales outstanding. Sort of we managed the metrics on those. Generally speaking months on hand runs roughly 2.5 months, DSO I can’t remember off the top of my head, but whatever the average is, 60-ish maybe, so that’s where [inaudible] going to go.  Sales go up, month on hand is not going to go up, but the dollars invested, so today we stated that month on hand id going to go up. The same with receivables in terms of DSO. So it’s not a – it’s something that happens automatically. We don’t have to sort of force that to happen, but as sales go up, inventory is going to go up and the month on hand is a function of that’s how 80/20 works. There is some element of it, that give us you know we want X amount of inventory to be able to product the ability to react and respond to our customers, you know order today shipped tomorrow kind of system.  So I think that’s the best guidance I can give you on working capital. It’s just not let through and whether that’s cash flow, it’s not going to be – you know when you are jumping up as much as we did in Q2, where Q1 is going to obviously require some incremental working capital.  And then the other question, I’m sorry, I’m trying to do my best Michael impersonation here as I can, so I’m trying to think hard. 
Scott Santi: Yeah, for the year. So there is no incremental CapEx. We did differ some incremental capacity investments last year because of the pandemic, we didn’t need them. Those are certainly all coming back on, but those are – you know we operate with another element of 80/20 as we want to be front end loaded on capacity, that’s how we serve our customers. So as business continues to go forward, we will continue to invest and stay in that sort of increment, you know meaningful increment ahead of current demand, but that wouldn’t be again something out of the normal of what we always do and it wouldn’t be some big sort of lump coming through. 
Scott Santi: You must remember prior peak margins in auto, because it was probably 23 maybe. And so, there is still lot of item recovery to go in auto from where we were then and so I’d say low to mid-20s is certainly achievable over time. 
Chris O’Herlihy: Well, price versus cost in auto is always going to be challenging given the, you know the nature of the industry. I would say in terms of incremental in the second quarter in auto we had a 47% incremental, an impact of 47% incremental you know for the first half of the year. So incrementals are strong in auto no double, but there is no doubt that the structure of the industry, the structure of the pricing agreements, it does take a lot longer. Hard to say how long it will take for us to catch up there with that. 
Chris O’Herlihy: Yes, so we’ll say the construction margins are very sustainable. We’ve been improving via the construction for a long time now and certainly for the last few quarters here we've been in the mid to high 20s in terms of margin and construction. So despite the price cost environment, we’re seeing nice organic growth in construction. We are getting nice price realization and so we’re then starting to expect the margins there to be sustainable.  Surely in Test and Measurement margins again you know currently in the high 20s here and have been like that for a long time. The segment that we like in terms of level of differentiation, I believe it’s our customer problems. So we don’t see any issue with sustaining margins in either Test & Measurement or Construction. 
Chris O’Herlihy: Yeah, I mean, I think we are saying 100 plus, so we will do better than 100 this year. And there's still a lot of interest on our price initiatives bought on sourcing and in ’20. You know these are all initiatives and activities that are very granular within out segments. Within each division there is a host of activity that we are working on. And actually have been working on not just this year, but even starting last year, so we entered the year with a fair bit of tailwind in terms of enterprise initiatives. So we would expect to do a 100 plus for sure. 
Chris O’Herlihy: Yeah, it’s the only thing I would say is just our, this cost comps, I think all over its going to be 18-24, because here it really creates a lot of the packages for us in terms of more sort of simplified and streamlined cost offerings. Obviously it results in simplification of raw materials and components and that simplification and focus also extends to our suppliers.  The key part of our strategy and its worked for us for many years is to have these you know very strong and long lasting supplier partnerships and we are a key customer for most of our raw material suppliers. This becomes really, really important when supply chains become constrained and releasing that work to our benefit here in the last 12 months.
Chris O’Herlihy: Yeah Joe, I mean the only reason it’s getting worse in Q3 is because of the pace of inflation in Q2. We saw significant pick-up in pace in Q2 and obviously there’s a little bit of a lag, so we see a little bit of a worsening in Q3 based on what we know today, based on the cost increases we see and the known price increases, we see a little worsening in Q3 from Q2, only on the base of the pace of inflation in Q2. 
Chris O’Herlihy: So in terms of you know acceleration of organic growth, you know we're seeing it. Obviously we talked about all our work, it's going in a different way, but certainly in Food Equipment, Test & Measurement, electronics and welding you know are certainly growing faster than we expected earlier in the year, so we’re seeing a nice acceleration there.  And you know we have no reason to believe that it's not sustainable based on our conversation with our customers, the order patterns and so on and you know obviously as we want to talk about the factor – it’s already busy here in terms of this winged recovery initiative you know over the last 12 months and you know it is still kind of early to quantify this.  We’re feeling pretty good about how we’re positioned and we – as you know we're very intentionally remain fully staffed to serve our customers, protect the investments and people and in addition to the customer backed innovation and suite of excellent and certainly there’s a lot of anecdotal evidence out there that would say that that is turning into share gains and if I ever just maybe highlight some, get the sort of examples and like sort of equipment where you know high level product availability, maintaining service level excellence as Scott talked about and being able to respond in supply where a competitor could not is enabling several share gain and incremental wins from competition in large chains, both in food service and food retail.  Another example might be in farmers [ph] influence, automotive aftermarket. Staying invested here we will sustain our sales and innovation focus, coupled with high service levels means we grew as I mentioned in the commentary, automotive aftermarket grew by 33% in the quarter and this is well above customer point sales growth indicating that we are getting share in a meaningful way. And in our measurements and construction in our roofing businesses, in association of 45% in the quarter, again we’d see very clearly we're gaining share there on competition who have certainly been supply chain and operationally constrained, extending delivery times and so on and we continue to maintain differentiated service levels. So again, somewhat anecdotal, somewhat early in the window recovery strategy, but certainly ample evidence that we seem to be regaining share, and these are just a small selection of illustrative examples of tech products that we’re making across our seven segments. 
Chris O’Herlihy: And the second part of your question is I think related to freight and logistics, is that correct? And so with freight and logistics, I mean obviously there's no impact for us, but I don’t see a less of an impact than some of our peers maybe on the basis that the produce what we sell – the produce and so what we sell, the philosophy that we’ve long had that certainly mitigated the impact of freight and logistics on our cost structure and availability. 
Chris O’Herlihy: Yeah, that’s a fair assumption. But we are seeing a bottom out here and I think it will be a slow recovery, based on what we are seeing today, a slow recovery from here on out. 
Chris O’Herlihy: Yes, so I don’t know about this distraction from consolidation. I can tell you we are not distracted and we are basically focused on trying to win the recovery here, serve the needs of our customers with innovate new products and so on. So generally I think we're seeing some real nice recovery in food faster than actually than we thought at the beginning of the year. We are certainly seeing the benefit of staying invested in food.  Even obviously on price cost, in fact there’s some uncertainly, but obviously that’s – some of that relates to the fact that the price cost environment, some of these are pricing actions here in the second half.  We’re concerned about the end markets. I mean basically with food, we are back to about – by the end of this year we expected back over 90% of the 2019 number, so faster than we though. And in terms of end markets, we are seeing a nice pickup in instructional, restaurants coming back, we mentioned restaurants being up 60%.  In terms of stuff that’s coming back a little slower, I would say service if we point to serve in Europe as an example. Obviously with significantly lockdowns we are still dealing with over there, we’ll probably come back a little slower there, but at least for the half. We think we’ll see that pick up here in the second half, but generally most end markets are coming back. Lodging is a little slower I would say and transportation, right and airlines. 
A - Scott Santi: Yeah, you know I covered that I think overall in my comments, but you know we have sort of camped down the run rate that you know in terms of the guidance relative to run rate. You know Chris talked to you about the fact that in the second quarter we saw organic growth rates accelerate by a net 3 percentage points of beyond seasonality, and we basically did project that signal manning forward through the balance of the year because of the supply risk involved, the supply chain risk to our customers, so we’re playing that pretty conservative. And I think that ultimately is going to have more to do with the pace of the organic from here than you know trends of demand. There’s plenty of demand out there. It’s a matter of can our customers get enough raw material to support it. 
A - Scott Santi: Yeah, orders pretty much equalize shipments for last because of what I said, you know what we – what – our customers’ orders we shipped the next day, I would say that also your closer to about – I think you used the term double dip ordering in terms of customers trying to hedge you know orders more because they can’t get supply. I actually can’t say that we’re not seeing any of that, but I would say that it would be much lower for us because of the fact that our service levels are so good and our customers understand you know in terms of orders shipped.  So you know some maybe certainly ordering more than they would normally, because they are concerned about things, but I will think that even in terms of our service levels we wouldn’t – there wouldn’t be anything – that wouldn’t be a significant part of the overall demand picture for us.
A - Scott Santi: Yeah, we don’t have it and we don’t forward by. So you know everything – the current costs are flushing through right now, yeah.
A - Scott Santi: Yeah, absolutely Scott. So obviously you know we’ve completely reinvigorated 80/20 of the last two years with this front to back process and the fact that we – the process that we will employ on MTS is exactly the same process that we have employed on our 84 divisions across the company.  So we can’t really decide on what to do, we can’t really decide on how to do it and we can’t really decide on what the outcome should be when we get it done properly. Coupled with the fact that we’ve built a tremendous amount of capability in the company, our folks can go in and help you know guide MTS on the 80/20 journey.  So we feel very confident in the playbook, we feel very confident in our capability. We think the raw material in MTS are fantastic with respect to 80/20 opportunity, that’s one of the key attractions for us and when we bought it. The other thing I’d say is that we got a very similar business in our portfolio, in Test & Measurements and this time where we’ve done this successfully before. So we are very confident that we can do this and do this successfully. 
