Michael Larsen: So there was a lot there, Andy, but I think the bottom line is that we are very close to executing the plan that we laid out at the beginning of the year. Really, the only delta that's meaningful is the price/cost equation, and that's just the margin percentage impact that we talked about. In terms of overall organic growth, margin expansion from Enterprise Initiatives continue in every segment. They're broad-based. We're not done on the Enterprise Initiatives. More to come in the second half and beyond that. So you're pointing out Food Equipment. Like I mentioned, we had slightly higher restructuring in Europe here in the quarter, about 40 basis points. And the balance really is a product mix item in Q2. But like we also said, in Food Equipment specifically, we expect, just based on the orders, the run rate, continued progress here in the back half on organic growth as well as margin expansion. On PLS, we are running at about 70 basis points here in Q2, similar to what we did in Q1. And as you know, that is completely consistent with the way we run our businesses and are really an integral part of our 80/20 operating system. And very briefly, what it does is positions us for continued acceleration in organic growth with better margins and returns. So it's absolutely the right thing to do for a little bit of headwind on the top line here in the short term.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So we've seen, if you look at the details, an increase in overall levels of investment really to support and further accelerate the organic growth rate. You've seen that now 4 years in a row. We're making progress on the organic growth rate up 4% here in Q2. So a portion of it is CapEx-related as well as new products. And then people is really investment in talent that can support everything we need to do to further accelerate our organic growth rate as well as continue to execute well on our Enterprise Initiatives.
Michael Larsen: It's really not that significant, Andy. I mean, we -- Electronics business was flat in the quarter, really based on some timing, as I think I mentioned, on some large equipment orders. If you were to adjust for that, that's -- Electronics would have been up 4%. And then the Construction item I talked about, if you adjust for that, the Construction business would have been up in that 3% to 4% range.
Michael Larsen: They're all, I'd say, pretty close. We talked about Automotive. We have a fairly, hopefully, conservative assumption here at 3% for the balance of the year. And then we continue to see acceleration in Welding and, hopefully, some good progress also on Food Equipment.
Michael Larsen: Yes, Joe, nothing -- if you look back over the last 5 years, we have continued to invest in organic growth and everything that we need to do to support an acceleration in our organic growth rates. So there's really nothing significantly different. We are seeing a -- an increase in our CapEx spend here really to support our customers, which were growing at a fairly rapid rate. So I -- and if you look at it, 60 basis points is not really that meaningful, that big a number on a dollar basis. It just happens to be something that we call out here on the margin walk.
Michael Larsen: Yes, it's pretty straightforward. I mean, the global build number includes geographies where we do not have a presence or do not have a significant presence. So if you look at places like Brazil, India, even in Japan, for example. So the right way to look at this is really on a geographic basis, which is the way we laid it out in the slides and described it. And you can see North America, up 5 points of penetration gains there; in China, 8 points; Europe, some mix, and PLS activities there were slightly below. And like I said, on a weighted average basis, we are at 250 basis points, in that 2 to 4 percentage point range that we've been in for the last 4, 5 years. And based on all the projects that we booked already, we expect to remain in that range in the future.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So we made some really good progress. We are slightly above $2 billion year-to-date and ahead of schedule. So the obvious question is, how are you going to allocate that repatriation, those cash -- those funds that have been repatriated, the little over $2 billion. So we've reduced our short-term debt about $900 million. Our share repurchases, we just took it up, the target for the year, by $500 million. We've got a dividend increase coming. If you pencil that out, that's about a $200 million increase for the year. And then we have slightly more cash on hand here in the near term. And as you know, we have some maturities coming up in the first half of '19. So really good progress. I'm very pleased with the fact that we were able to accelerate those plans and bring the funds back to the U.S.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think we're through the first half here, and we are updating the margin guidance now for our current view of how price/cost, again, only from a margin percentage standpoint, will impact our overall operating margins for the year. It's -- again, it's not an impact to EPS, which does not what -- you're not seeing that, you're not hearing that from us today. It's purely just a reflection of what we've seen year-to-date on price/cost and our expectations for the balance of the year. I want to just point out, we're still -- year-to-date, we've expanded margins 70 basis points for the full year. With our updated guidance here, we expect at the midpoint to expand margins 80 basis points. So that's really the only driver here, Ross.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So I think, Ross, the short answer to your question is we've not seen anything with our customers. It might be a little too early to tell. There's still some movement around what these tariffs may or may not be and for how long they may be in place. So and again, we are a "produce where we sell" company, and the impact from tariffs is significantly mitigated by that. In terms of the overall tariff impact, it's -- as a result of that, fairly small, 10% to 15% of what we project for the full year will come from tariffs. The majority of that is really related to metals, so steel and aluminum, which was the first round of tariffs. And then the China tariffs will pretty -- I'd say pretty broad-based across the portfolio but pretty small impact overall from that -- from the Section 301 tariffs.
Michael Larsen: Yes. We're in that -- consistent with the first half, 60 to 70 basis points range is what we're projecting at this point.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So we don't give margin guidance for Q3 and Q4, but the price/cost impact is modeled or estimated to be the same in Q3 and Q4. The big delta -- and I don't -- not knowing your model specifically, and so what you have to factor in is really currency. So if you look at the impact from currency in the second half of the year is negative on a year-over-year basis versus being positive in the first half. So I don't know how you've updated your model for that, but that's really the main driver here in the back half of the year.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So I'm not sure I can do that for you, David. But like I said, I think we adjusted the outlook for Auto. I think we've seen the IHS forecast may not be the most -- haven't been the most reliable data point year-to-date. And so we've put in a 3% growth rate for the back half for Auto. The acceleration really is Welding, and then like I mentioned, some improvement in Food Equipment. Those are the big ones. There's a couple of other puts and takes here, but that's really the -- those are the big drivers.
Michael Larsen: No, I think you're raising a really good point. In the near term, what we're doing is covering dollar-for-dollar. But eventually, when we get ahead of this, this will be a positive to margins at some point. When -- we're always operating a little bit of a lag here. We see the cost increases come through. We react on pricing. And we're still, I would say, in a little bit of a catch-up mode, but we will absolutely get ahead of costs here at some point.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So we've got a number of things going on there. One is you saw the acceleration on the institutional side and the really strong backlog going into the second half as well as you're going to get some benefits from pricing and a number of new product launches in the back half of the year.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think the foodservice side is certainly improving. We don't expect the retail side to improve. And then if you just look at the comps on a year-over-year basis, they also are going to be a tailwind here in the second half.
Michael Larsen: So first of all, I wouldn't necessarily extrapolate from Q2 and assume that we're going to have 60 basis points every quarter going forward. I do -- I think Scott explained very well why we're calling it out. But it also would not be a good assumption to think that the 60 basis points offset the Enterprise Initiatives. So I think really the way to think about this is unchanged relative to what we've done in prior years, which is core incrementals in a normal macro environment in that 35% range, plus the Enterprise Initiatives on top of that. That's really the way to think about this. And that's how you -- that really supports what we've been saying for a while now is that we expect margins to continue to improve from here.
Michael Larsen: Well, we can take it offline. I don't think you're interpreting what we're saying and what's on the chart correctly.
Michael Larsen: Well, that's really mixed with -- at this point, it becomes in terms of -- by OEM as well as by model. And so I would not read too much into that. There was -- again, it's one quarter. If you look at it historically, these penetration numbers can move around quite a bit, depending on when models kind of roll off and when new models kick in. The main driver here in terms of being slightly below the builds was really the PLS work that the team is doing.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So commercial construction has kind of been flattish for a while now. We were down slightly, I think I said down 5%. When you exclude this onetime event, really limited to North America with our wedge anchor product resulting in some returns, if you adjust for that onetime event here in the quarter, Construction would have been up 3% in commercial.
Michael Larsen: No. Yes, we have -- so you're right. There were some issues in Q1 that we talked about last time. There were some issues in Q2. Not specific to us, and that may be one of the reasons why the IHS forecast was off. IHS calls for North America specifically for significantly higher growth here in Q3 and Q4. We took a conservative approach here and risk-adjusted those numbers and put in a 3% growth rate for Automotive in the back half. Hopefully, that turns out to be a conservative assumption, but that's kind of what we have in our guidance today.
Michael Larsen: No. I think it's just part of our -- as these businesses grow, we continue to invest in CapEx. We've done that for 5 years and even beyond that. I mean, typically, CapEx for us as a percentage of sales is right around 2%. And as sales grow, the CapEx numbers go up, and that's really all that you're seeing here. Again, this is to continue to support our customers with best-in-class quality and service on a global basis. And I really wouldn't read as much into it as the time we spent on it today.
Michael Larsen: On the growth investments? Yes, I think this can be a little circumstantial to the quarter. I think we will continue to lean in on these investments that we need to make to further support and accelerate organic growth as well as continue to expand margins, core margins in our businesses. So this is ongoing. I think we called it out this time. And given the reaction today, we may not call it out in the future. We'll have to see. But this is an ongoing thing. It's not a response to anything specific. We are fully invested here. We're fortunate that even these investments -- by fully funding every good project inside the company, they only consume 25% of our operating cash flow. So we're not constrained. We'll continue to invest. And we wanted to highlight that today, and that's what you're seeing on that side.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think in Automotive, and this is not a European comment, this is a global comment, we are fortunate that we have visibility 2.5, 3 years out based on the projects we've sold already. So we know what our content per vehicle growth is going to be on new model launches. We know what's rolling off. There can be some mix as these 2, those are the big variables, kind of play out, but we're highly confident that we'll continue to outperform in Europe and on a global basis in that 2 to 4 percentage point range above the global auto build numbers. And that's really on -- the way to look at this is what Scott said is really on an annual basis. On a quarterly basis, it can move around a little bit. But absolutely nothing has changed in terms of our confidence in our visibility to continue to do that on a go-forward basis.
Michael Larsen: Well, again, I mean, we can talk about Europe offline. I mean, I think if you look at this on a global basis, we had 2 percentage points of penetration in the first quarter. We just did 2.5% above the weighted average, and nothing has changed.
Michael Larsen: Yes. We would have been down 15% -- we're down 15%. We would have been 5% if it wasn't for this onetime item.
Michael Larsen: I would think that's really more of a rounding issue. Commercial is about 20% of our Construction business. And the performance of that segment is really driven much more by the continued growth on the residential and the renovation side.
Michael Larsen: Yes, that's correct. So that's a reclassification of the maturities that I talked about that are coming due in the first half of '19. So we have some March and April maturities, $1.35 billion. And that -- because we're within 12 months, that slips into the short-term debt category, that's why. If you look at the long-term debt, we're down by the same number.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So the largest impact is really in the Automotive segment where it can take a little bit longer for price actions, new products to offset those cost increases. Everywhere else, we're positive on a year-to-date basis.
Michael Larsen: Yes. No, I think this is frankly typical for what we're seeing in Welding with this type of organic growth. So those are -- that's a reasonable assumption for incrementals for the back half of the year.
Michael Larsen: No, we've not seen that, Nathan. I mean, I think if you look at the segments most exposed to business investment, CapEx cycle, Welding, Test & Measurement, we continue to see. And the equipment side of Specialty continued to see accelerating demand. So we have not seen any impact from a demand standpoint.
Michael Larsen: I think in the near term, there certainly, as you point out, some chemicals, so silicones, specifically resins, are putting some pressure on. But as -- once we work through that, those segments are going to continue to expand margins.
Michael Larsen: Well, there's always some puts and takes. I mean, it can move around a little bit on a quarterly basis. The majority of what's in that bucket is really interest income. And so linked to some of the repatriation we talked about, we saw a pretty significant increase in the other income bucket. We do include an assumption in the guidance, and we also do for the back half, which is right around current levels. But like I said, it can move around a little bit on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Michael Larsen: We really haven't. I mean, I think to give you a little bit more color, overall, Welding up 13%, with Equipment up 15%, Consumables moving up double-digit. And then North America is really the key driver of the business, which represents 80% of our sales. We talked about the industrial side before, so that would be heavy equipment, auto up really strong, more than 20%, and the commercial side continues in the high single digits this quarter. I know you're a big offshore guy. We have not seen a pickup in offshore, but overall, oil and gas was up 7% here in the quarter, which is certainly encouraging.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think the -- for Electronics, the back half looks good, similar to what we were seeing in the first half. We do have a little bit of semi exposure in that business, which may be going through a little bit of a slowdown in the near term but then is expected to pick back up in Q4. Not enough to really move the needle for us, but overall, the team feels really good going into the second half here.
Scott Santi: Well, and what I would add is that we have -- we're trying to be more transparent in terms of how we're investing in growth. This is not a new item this quarter. This is something we've been doing for the last 5 years. The presentation is a little different, but ultimately, these investments had been ongoing for the last 5 years. They're embedded, and when we talk about 35% long-term incrementals, those growth investments are embedded in that number. So it is not a new item that just happened this quarter. These investments have been going on for the last 5 years. We've changed the presentation a bit just to reflect, given some of what we heard about, "Are you investing enough in growth given the kind of margin and progress that you've made over the last 5 years?" So these are -- this isn't a new item. This is -- these are investments that have been taking place consistently over the last 5 years.
Scott Santi: And so the dollar-for-dollar, if I can say it a slightly different way, that coverage is factoring in that lag. So we're still able to cover -- minimize the EPS impact in the near term. But should the cost increases stop tomorrow, then those pricing actions will continue to carry through and have a positive impact beyond the dollar-for-dollar.
Scott Santi: No. The penetrate -- obviously, as what Michael said, the penetration numbers on a quarter -- 1-quarter basis are not good gauges. The annual numbers absolutely are. And what -- we will continue to deliver penetration gains in Europe on a full year basis this year. But things do jump around, as Michael said, in a quarter based on when a model is going up, when a new model is being launched and some of the supply chain work behind the scenes that goes on in preparing for that.
David Raso: Maybe I missed it, the price/cost drag on margins, what is the number now for the year? And then also if you can give us some insight on 3Q and 4Q.
David Raso: But again, the cadence is similar? Third quarter, fourth quarter year-over-year drag is similar for both [indiscernible]...
David Raso: Okay. We can take it offline. And on Auto, when you gave the second half organic, at least the quick numbers that I ran, it implies the full year organic went down about 200 basis points. But the offsets, the other segments, the -- I mean, I would assume Welding was a big piece of it. But to make up for the 200 bps lower on Auto, I mean, ideally, if you can give us like you gave us that for the first quarter, maybe a full year organic sales number for each segment, how you're thinking about it or just...
