Ronald D. Kropp: Thanks, John. For the second quarter of 2012, we are forecasting diluted income per share from continuing operations to be within a range of $1.08 to $1.16. This range assumes an increase in total revenues of 3.5% to 6%. The midpoint of the Q2 diluted EPS range of $1.12 would represent a growth of 16% versus last year. For the full year 2012, our forecasted EPS range for continuing operations is now $4.14 to $4.38. This range assumes a total revenue increase of 5% to 7%. The EPS midpoint of $4.26 would be 13% higher than 2011, excluding the Q1 2011 tax benefit of $0.33. This EPS midpoint is $0.12 higher than our previous forecast from January and is driven by the first quarter $0.04 outperformance, plus an $0.08 benefit from completed and forecasted share repurchases. In addition, the benefit of $0.03 from better-than-originally-expected base business performance is offset by higher projected restructuring costs, which took away $0.03. I will now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
Ronald D. Kropp: So as we talked about when we put our guidance at the beginning of the year, we expected to have favorable price cost this year, assuming that raw materials kind of stayed where they were at. So in the first quarter, it was a little bit better than we expected. That's 40 basis points positive. And we're looking, as we look out at the rest of the year, that the full year would be a similar amount, 30% to 40% -- 30 to 40 basis points positive. From a raw materials side, it's a bit of a mixed bag. Resin has been up significantly, especially PET and polypropylene. Steel has been pretty stable. Stable -- flat to down in the quarter, but pretty stable from an outlook perspective as well. And chemicals has been up 3% to 5%.
Ronald D. Kropp: So the question on margins, incremental margins. So as you saw, we've taken down the overall revenue guidance a bit, but we've taken the overall earnings up in -- from a base business performance perspective, it's adding $0.03 per share. So we are getting some incremental margin benefit from the core businesses. The incrementals in the first quarter for the base businesses were 53%. So we had a very strong margin performance quarter from our base businesses. We expect to see very strong incrementals continue throughout the year. Overall, for the year, probably in the -- close to 40% for the full year in base business incremental. So that's certainly helpful. Offsetting that is obviously the increased restructuring. We've bumped that up a little bit, which took $0.03 out of the guidance.
Ronald D. Kropp: It's probably a little bit of price cost, but it's really just better performance. Better efficiencies, better cost reduction benefits, et cetera.
Ronald D. Kropp: And also, as David said, these are multi-year, long-term initiatives. So as we figure out how to approach these major initiatives within the company, we want to make sure we do it the right way and make sure we -- at the same time we're doing all of this, continue to deliver on our results that you'd expect.
Ronald D. Kropp: And also, a benefit of the business simplification initiative, when we have scaled up businesses that are larger, we have a better opportunity for coordinated pricing across bigger businesses.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. I think, certainly, as we've said, when we raise a -- start getting into some specifics around numbers and benefits towards the end of the year, that will be part of what we talk about. Not ready to get into that at this point.
Ronald D. Kropp: On the first question, the typical business unit is run as a stand-alone business, which means it has a general manager, a controller, typically HR support, and any -- the other functional disciplines you would need to run a business. They typically would have a stand-alone system, although, in some cases, we do have business units that shares systems across multiple business units, especially when they're located in the same general area. So that's the kind of the SG&A profile of a business. We have generally been pretty efficient at running, so these are pretty lean overhead structures. If you look at our overall overhead levels versus our peers, we certainly compare favorably. But as we scale up, there certainly will be some opportunities to leverage some of these overhead functions across a bigger business unit and, therefore, result in some cost reductions.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. Again, it's hard to say. I mean, I think there's big opportunities in both. And certainly, as we move through this and figure out how to approach this in detail, and we'll be ready to share that with you towards the end of the year.
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, certainly, to be decided, right? I mean, we haven't -- we don't have that kind of capital to put to use right now. And as -- if we did, we'd have to go through our capital allocation strategy and figure out how we utilize that. So we've, I think, clearly laid out our capital allocation priorities. In fact, we've got a slide in the deck today that lays that out. Organic investments is our first priority, then dividends, and then external investments. And external investments, share repurchase versus acquisitions, is really based on the specific opportunities at a point in time and which of those has the best risk-adjusted return. So, for instance, in the finishing sale, we have some proceeds from the finishing divestiture, we intend to use those to repurchase shares. That's one of the reasons that our share repurchase forecast went up for the year.
John L. Brooklier: Thanks, Ron. Now we'll open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] We'll start the questioning now.
John L. Brooklier: I'll take the question, Rob. We've checked with our auto people, and what they're telling us right now is that there's no impact on our business. We have very little to do with the actual nylon 12 that's actually part of, I think, principally, brake linings. So very little to do with us directly. Clearly, we would be more interested in what's going to happen in a non-direct way with OEMs and what it does to overall production. What we're hearing and what we're seeing currently is that the OEMs are getting together, and they're trying to get additional information, trying to source additional materials and doesn't seem to be any immediate impact. We believe there's enough inventory in the channel right now to handle this. But we'll keep you posted if we hear anything differently.
John L. Brooklier: Rob, I would point you back to the numbers I gave earlier when you talk about North America. Our North America organic revenues grew approximately 7% in the quarter, and both equipment and sales were up roughly 7%. So I think that...
John L. Brooklier: Yes, one of our better quarters. So I think that, that -- I think that our Food Equipment people are encouraged by what they see in Q1, and they're going to try to build on that.
John L. Brooklier: Yes, there's been some weather issues, but we think it's a little bit more economically sensitive than that. And if you really look at what's going on in Australia, the economy is slowing. Some of the mineral-related exporting going on to China slowed a little bit as China slowed a little bit. So I would say the service side of the economy in Eastern Australia is certainly a lot slower, as is the Western side, where it's really more natural resources. That has slowed a bit, too. Overall, that's added up to a slower economy, which has impacted their housing market. I think housing -- it's probably one of the big key areas for them right now. That's somewhat way different.
John L. Brooklier: Henry, I think we believe that the larger level of destocking took place in Q4 or later last year. And there was some element of destocking into Q1. But again, to David's point, it's very hard to get precision around those numbers. But I think on a -- conceptually, we think more of the destocking has probably taken place.
John L. Brooklier: I think we will end it there with that question and answer. We want to thank everybody for joining us on today's call, and we look forward to speaking to you at some future point in time. Thank you very much.
David B. Speer: Well, I think our comment would be -- what we've seen in the first quarter was clearly softer markets in Asia, and I think that's what we're really, as we look forward, are projecting forward. As John said earlier, the European performance was largely in line with what we expected. But I think the big delta from a geographic standpoint in our revised guidance is more about what we see happening in Asia, which has proven to be somewhat weaker in the beginning of the year than what we had anticipated. And at this time, we don't really see any catalyst that suggests it's going to get significantly stronger during the year.
David B. Speer: Really about what happens to them and their production. Is not a material that we're using directly. But obviously, their extent to build vehicles will impact us if the shortage ends up cutting their production.
David B. Speer: Well, I think it depends on the segment. I mean, if you're looking at the institutional segment, which is a big segment for us, there's no question that it's been an uneven environment for the last several years, because a lot of those projects are funded by government sources, and the government funding has been uneven at best. So that's a category that's been quite volatile, if you will, from an equipment spend situation. I would say, in the casual dining category, I would not characterize what we've done or what our performance has been as a loss of any share. But I can tell you that as that category looks at equipment replacements and menu changes and so forth, it does impact how equipment rolls out in those categories. So it's not an even process. But I would say, overall, right now, I don't think I would characterize us having lost any significant share positions.
David B. Speer: Yes, on portfolio management, Jamie, what I would say is that as we've said over the last probably 1.5 to 2 years now, we're taking a lot more aggressive look at our own portfolio of businesses and being more proactive in looking at things that we consider to be core or non-core pieces long term. And as you pointed out, the finishing businesses that we sold to Graco in the first quarter -- or I should say in early April, were an indication of a set of businesses that we consider no longer core. And so we move forward to find the appropriate divestiture strategy for those. There are other businesses like that, that is part of our proactive portfolio management we'll consider. And undoubtedly, there'll be more activity. But at this stage, I wouldn't want to be in a position to quantify it because we're not far enough along to be able to talk about those things publicly. But we have an active program under way, and you can expect that there'll be other divestitures, as you'll see, come forward over the coming months and year.
David B. Speer: Well, if you look at the pattern here, I mean, the divestiture of the finishing business was truly a larger divestiture than the ones we had done prior. So there's no size range that was off limits, if you will. And I would say that based on what we've been looking at, the size range is probably somewhat larger than what we had seen in the past. In the past, if you go back, I think the time period from '06 to 2010, the average divestiture was more in the $50 million to $60 million range. And clearly, this was a $375 million divestiture. So I would say that the size of a potential divestiture will likely be somewhat larger going forward than what our past track record has been.
David B. Speer: I think, John, what we've seen -- I mean, there's no question, the warm months of January through March pull some things forward. And I don't think it's going to change the trajectory of housing starts for the year. I think it gives a temporary sort of blip forward. The overall underlying dynamics still remain, with the inventory levels and housing prices the way they are. So while I think we saw some nice short-term momentum, I don't think that's something we expect to see sustained. There are some markets where the residential builds will begin to actually go up because of the local market conditions. Lack of available inventory or price points have actually started to rise. But I think it's still -- 2012, I think, is still a year to sort out for housing starts overall. But if you look at the overall numbers, we're expecting housing starts for the year to be closer to 700,000, which would be about a gain for the year in the mid-teens in housing starts. So it would be a nice welcome view to see that kind of a turn. But I wouldn't view the first quarter as a first data point that we could draw a line from and expect that rise to continue.
David B. Speer: Well, I would say, John, it's both. But primarily, the costs that would be associated with some of these larger initiatives have not been fully represented in the guidance, because we don't have all the data yet. Some of it is represented in some of the restructuring that we've obviously put forward, which is higher than what we originally anticipated. But I think the best way to look at this is that we're still gathering the data, and there will be some investment involved in achieving some of what we think will be some significant savings along the way. And I expect that towards the latter part of the year, we'll have enough data to be comfortable giving some reasonable direction as to the size and significance of what we think will be happening. But it's a longer term sort of a process. So we're talking about things that would happen in 2013 largely and beyond with, I think, some reasonable quantification towards the end of this year.
David B. Speer: Well, I think it's like any major initiative. You evaluate what you think the benefits are and, obviously, benefits of significance across the enterprise will require some level of investment and talent and resource. But we'll have to balance that in terms of what we think makes sense, where we think the biggest payoffs are and the ones that we think will drive the greatest benefits in the organization. So as we assess those, we have to determine what investments will be required to achieve what we think will be reasonable and significant savings. So hard to answer the question till we have more data. But clearly, we'll be in a position to be making more investment around that. And from a centralization standpoint, there's no question. We'll want to do more coordination around some of these larger areas of spend where we can be certain that we're taking advantage of our scale opportunities in a much more formal way than we'd done in the past.
David B. Speer: Well, because, I think, first of all, if we're going to give you any indications with numbers, you're going to want those numbers to be reasonably solid. And those numbers are going to involve, as you accurately pointed out in the beginning of your questions, some investment in both people and systems, and so we want to be certain that before we started signaling what we think some of the potential savings are here that we're pretty solid on what the approach is going to be and the time frame associated with that. So I don't think we're -- I don't think we're trying to hedge our bets. What we're trying to do is be thoughtful about what we communicate and what we think is realistic. And I think for us to digest that is going to take that kind of time.
David B. Speer: Well, it is somewhat of a cultural change. But, Ann, as you know, you followed us a long time, we've been through several cultural nuance changes that have been successful, and I'm quite confident that we will be with this as well.
David B. Speer: Well, the data certainly from a start standpoint for commercial has finally begun to show some improvement numbers. Year-to-date, the commercial construction square footage boards is up 7%, with some notable categories, up that have been down for a while. Retail is up 28%; warehouses are up 20% -- 80%. So I think we're beginning to see the turn. However, it is still regional. There are some markets where we still have a lot of overbuilt and vacant space. The 2 big exceptions to improvement in commercial remain offices and education. So I'm of a view that we've begun to turn the corner, but I don't think we're going to see a breakout in commercial construction until probably sometime in 2013. But it would appear, based on the data, the numbers and the activity in some of the major markets, that we're quite close.
David B. Speer: Outside the U.S.? Well, that's a mixed bag. Europe, reasonable numbers in the north of Europe, in Germany and in France. A lot of the European commercial construction, as you know, still has government financing tied to it. So some of this is going to play out based on what happens with their budgets and how they view deficit spending. But Europe for us in the first quarter proved to be fairly good in commercial. So hard to get a long-term read based on what's going to happen with their budgets longer term. Clearly, the south of Europe is going to be troubled for some time. Spain and Italy and the public spending there around construction, that's going to be troubling for some time to come. The Asian construction numbers remain reasonable, and I think we'll continue to see some boost there, more around commercial than around residential.
David B. Speer: Well, there's probably some restocking going on. But frankly, the end-market demand in heavy equipment and the energy-related sectors, oil and gas, has been robust. And I mean, I can tell you that in some of our channels, particularly in North America, there's not a lot of stock in the channel. So it really is -- these are markets that are performing well and have what looks like a reasonable runway, at least for the next couple of quarters. The oil and gas, the energy-related infrastructure, will probably be longer than that. So I think we're still pretty -- we were obviously surprised by the strength overall of what we saw in Q1. But if you go back and look at Q3 and Q4 of last year, we were also surprised by the strength there. So I think these trends are trends that have some reasonably good legs to them for at least the next couple of quarters.
David B. Speer: Well, let's see. What's different now than 5 years ago, about $5 billion of acquisitions and a whole host of businesses that had really not participated in some of these larger-scale opportunities to see what kind of benefits might be available. It had been probably 8 to possibly 10 years since we had done something similar on a sourcing level. And most of that had been around 3 or 4 significant raw material categories. And as we begin to look across the total spend, it became apparent that there was more out there than just what we had looked at in the past, and that the size and scale of the company had changed enough that this really required a fresh look. I mean, an $18 billion company looking at this as opposed to an $11 billion company, I mean, obviously, there's some significantly different scale opportunities. So we thought it was time for a fresh look.
David B. Speer: Oh, that's a hard one because a lot of the electronics is related to consumer products, and it's hard to get a read on how much of it is channel destocking. But certainly a significant portion of that has been. This has been a volatile market for some time, up and down. I mean, we were talking about that as being a tough market for us in 2010. And in the first quarter of 2011, we were comping things that were above 50%. So, hard to say with that market. It is, clearly, a volatile market and -- we're talking about cell phones, PDAs, computers, so you've got a mix of different products. Flat-screen TVS. I mean, you've got a lot of different consumer products in there with different demand cycles right now. So we expect that that's going to still be volatile for a while.
David B. Speer: Well, Europe performed actually reasonably well. But as I said earlier, it's a tale of 2 stories, the northern part of Europe versus the southern. I think the one that was the weakest, that probably told the story for us, was Australia. And I think John talked about that earlier, some of the economic issues there, the housing market has slowed significantly. The economy there is slowing significantly. And they have some currency translation issues down there as well as they're buying a lot of their imported goods in U.S. dollars. So that's probably the one that -- Australia is probably the one that caught us with the biggest surprise. And in the retail segment down there where we have reasonable presence, this is where we expect to see some pretty good retail activity. And that just hasn't picked up at this stage.
David B. Speer: Oh, yes. That is definitely part of what we're talking about, yes. And that is linked to some of the work that we're doing on the commercial side that we're able to bring back together on the sourcing side. So yes, I would expect that we're going to see some changes coming out of that as well. As you know, we have a number of global platforms where we already do a fair amount of strategic pricing across the platforms. Automotive is certainly an example of that, as is appliance, and certainly across some of our welding markets as well. But yes, that's clearly something that has opportunity with it.
David B. Speer: Clearly, it means that the number of business units will be fewer. And as I said in my comments in the beginning, the ones that would be consolidated are largely ones where they have similar customers, markets and products already. But it would -- yes, it would result in fewer business units and, obviously, better operating efficiencies inside those business units and lower overhead costs. So, hard to predict exactly how many business units, how many fewer business units, but it would be a significant number. If you look at the average business units that we had in average business unit size that we had in 2010, it would have been closer to $30 million. So if you just take that math and look at a $100 million, it would suggest perhaps 2/3 less business units. And we're not far enough along to predict that because we're not doing it just as a math exercise, but there will be a significant reduction in individual business units as we've called them. And a lot of those services and approaches will be consolidated under one umbrella in those cases.
David B. Speer: But as you can imagine, I mean, the size is significant in terms of the spend in these categories. But as Ron says, until we've got better data, we really don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves and communicate data here that is premature. But it's -- these numbers are big, obviously.
