Michael Larsen: Well, I think, you'll see improvement in the year-over-year organic growth rates as the comparisons get easier as we move through the year. But by and large, the projections here track kind of typical seasonality from Q4 into Q1 and so forth. So there's really nothing unusual there. The other thing to keep in mind is while the guidance at the enterprise level is essentially based on current run rates as we talked about. It's a much more granular projection at the segment level, which includes also significant contribution again from new products as well as our normal pricing less drag from the inventory reduction that we've been talking about really all year. And so really give a better kind of number as we look at the segments. So that's how I would think about it.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think Tami, we've got fairly modest kind of revenue growth that we're calling for here, 1% to 3%. And our incremental margins embedded in the guidance are higher than our typical long-term 35% to 40%, which is what I would still use in terms of long-term modeling. The reason why is a 100 basis points contribution from enterprise initiatives that give us a higher incremental margin in 2024. As part of our planning process that I just described, we've now had a chance to go through all the projects and activities that contribute to a 100 basis points of enterprise initiatives, again in 2024. And I might add, these are largely independent of volume. So regardless of what volume does, we're seeing another significant contribution here, which is certainly a nice thing to have in your hip pocket in what we would describe still as a fairly uncertain and volatile environment.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So I think the math is actually pretty simple for 2024. So we've got some volume leverage at that 2% to 4% revenue growth, maybe just round numbers, maybe that's about 50 basis points. The enterprise initiatives add about a 100 basis points. We're entering into what we would describe as a normal price cost environment at this point. And so there's like a modest positive contribution from our price cost efforts. And then the offset is really our continued investments in growth, including some headcount, some employee-related cost, wages and benefits, even though those costs are moderating in 2023 that's still is approximately a 100 basis points of headwind, which then gets us to that midpoint of 26% in 2024. And I might add, well, on our way to our 30% target here by 2030 that we talked about at Investor Day.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think, like we've said, really most of the year we've seen some slowing in demand for CapEx and certainly in Q3 and Q4. I think as we go into 2024, as Chris just said, we've got less headwind from these customer and channel partner inventory reductions that were drag of about 1% in 2023. We have a meaningful contribution and increased contribution from new products, given all the efforts around customer-back innovation that we're driving. And then we have normal pricing, and you put all of that together and just based on, I think as you point out, it was encouraging that we saw a pickup in the sequential revenue per day from Q3 to Q4, that I think tells you that there's certainly some stability here and some of the headwinds I just described are maybe mostly behind us. We expect still a little bit of headwind from these inventory reductions as we go through the first half of the year. I think of it – we're working through our own inventory levels here and we expect to reduce our inventories in the first half. We think our customers and channel partners maybe doing some of the same, but it'll be less of a headwind here in 2024. So you put all of that together, I think you're an environment where things are pretty stable. Test and measurement you mentioned semi, it's less than 3% of our revenues. There is an expectation of a modest market pickup here in the second half. We expect to gain share and launch new products in this space. So we'll grow a little bit faster than market there. But overall, we're not expecting a big recovery in demand or the economy to pick up in the second half. This is basically based on kind of current run rates. The one outlier I'll just reiterate is automotive, we're going from a build environment in 2023, that was up in the high-single digits. We expect that to be about flat. And so the growth in automotive is all from penetration gains and continued market share and innovation in China which has been an incredible contributor to our overall growth rate and will remain so for the foreseeable future.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean, I think the tone from customers has been pretty cautious all year, particularly on the CapEx side of things as we talked about. If you go back to our Investor Day last year, we talked a lot about accelerating our efforts to drive high quality above market organic growth primarily fueled by, as Chris said earlier, our customer-back innovation efforts. And so those are the areas, all growth related headcount ads that we're making to make sure that we have all the capability we need in terms of innovation, commercial, sales and marketing resources to drive continued progress and deliver on our above market organic growth commitments.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think by and large, if you go back historically, we haven't had great visibility to the levels of inventory in the channel and with our customers. I think we have much better visibility today, given that we've been talking about it all year. Overall, it's been a drag of a percentage point on our growth rate for the year. It was 1.5% in Q3, 1% in Q4, and I think several of our segments, we are back to kind of normal inventory levels and this is largely behind us. And then there's maybe a few other areas where there might be some continued, but certainly less headwind as we go into Q1 and Q2. And then I think at that point, we'll give you an update. I think we'll be able to say this is now completely behind us.
Michael Larsen: Well, there's a little bit. I mean, obviously if you look at our run rates, it is included in our run rates at a higher level than what we might reasonably expect. So if that plays out the way we expect, that would be certainly favorable to the run rate and to the guidance that we just gave you.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think, Sabrina, we've talked about this before, we want to maintain our price premium based on the quality and the customer service, the lead times that ITW is uniquely positioned to provide, but we also want to compete and we want to gain market share. That's kind of central to our overall enterprise strategy and the focus I just talked about around organic growth. So that's said, I think we expect a normal contribution from price here in 2024. These inflation-driven price increases are now behind us. Input cost inflation, that big wave we've been dealing with, as we sit here today, we'd say is largely behind us. And so we're entering into a normal pricing environment across the portfolio. I think that is a fair statement. If you just look at, we've now essentially recovered the margin impact from that price costs, the price cost dynamics, and we're entering into a normal environment in 2024.
Michael Larsen: I'd say it's about the same, Julian. I mean, I think we – as Chris said, we just delivered 2% organic growth in 2023 in a pretty challenging environment as we talked about. And that included a point of inventory reduction impact. And I might add a point of drag from semi since it came up earlier. So if those two don't repeat, which is what we're saying, then you go from 2% to 4% pretty quickly. And we're not saying that destocking continues at the same level in the first half, which I think is what you said. We do expect it to be less of a drag in the first half. We also said the comps year-over-year are certainly more challenging in the first half than they are in the second half. So I think we're confident because when we look at everything going on inside the company and this focus on driving above market organic growth, a big focus on customer-back innovation, we look at the pipeline and new products that are being launched in every one of our divisions across the company. We look at a kind of a normal pricing environment. We feel pretty confident based on what we're seeing, as we sit here today. Now, we also said this is a pretty uncertain and volatile environment, things can change quickly. And so the thing that we have a lot of confidence is our ability to continue to read and react to whatever conditions our divisions are dealing with on the ground and deliver strong performance as we go through 2024. So we're not economists. We're not trying to forecast where the global economy is going. We're kind of basing our guidance on all the things we just talked about. And that's how we end up in that 1% to 3% range for 2024, which to us doesn't seem like a moonshot based on everything we just talked about.
Michael Larsen: Yes. Price cost, I think we're kind of in a normal environment for 2024. It's not going to be a material driver of our performance. It'll be a modest contribution to margins and EPS in 2024 based on everything that we know today from a pricing and inflation standpoint. In terms of the investments, I think, our investments grow in line with our sales over time, and that's true both for customer-back innovation, it's also true for our capacity CapEx improvements that – that are all of these investments, about $800 million in 2024 are geared and centered around driving above market organic growth in every one of our divisions. And the biggest headwind, I think to margins this year was not so much the investments necessarily not just in growth, but we saw inflation in our employee-related costs just like everybody else including wages and benefits. And we expect that part of the equation to moderate here in 2024 based on some of the actions we're taking to manage those costs in 2024. So that's not going to be an increased headwind as we go forward.
Michael Larsen: I would just add to that, Mig. We've talked a lot about the individual segments today. I think you got to look at ITW as the beneficiary of a highly diversified, high quality portfolio. All of our segments with margins in the high-20s, we're working through automotive, and so you're always going to have some puts and takes, which is what we're talking about. But this portfolio really gives us a level of resilience and a real competitive advantage relative to others, and puts us in a great position to perform, continue to perform at a high level in any type of demand environment over the long-term. Now, we never said that we were going to be the fastest grower. There's always going to be certain end market trends, whether it be aerospace or electrification or whatever it maybe. But you put this portfolio together in its totality. We have all the firepower that we need to deliver a 4% plus average annual organic growth as we go forward. And by the way, five of our segments are doing that, as we said earlier in 2024. So I wouldn't lose sight of the fact that, we're a business model centric company and a huge beneficiary of this high quality diversified portfolio.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. Sure, Steve. So on Food Equipment, projecting 3% to 5% growth next year, really on the back of a few different aspects. Firstly, as always, with Food Equipment, it's a very fertile environment for innovation. So we see several new product launches across all product categories. We would expect less channel destocking Food Equipment in 2024. And also I would say we have a continued recovery in service. As I think, service is about one-third of our revenues in food. We're the only major manufacturer with that captive service business and service is a business that's still in recovery pretty much from COVID, equipment has recovered, but we will see probably the final year of recovery in service in 2024, and all that is adding up to a 3% to 5% growth rate in food next year.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. That's correct, Andy. In terms of specialty particularly, we're doing some strategic portfolio work there heavier, I would say amount of product line pruning than we normally expect in a normal maintenance environment. We're doing quite a bit more on specialty really to position that segment for long-term growth of 4% plus. So that's what's going on there, and we're pretty pleased with the progress around that. On construction, it is very much a market story. I mean, obviously, all three main markets for us, North America, Western Europe, and Australia and New Zealand are all forecasting significantly declines in housing bills next year, that will be 11% in North America, mid-single digits in Europe and high-single digits in A and Z. So that's really what's impacting the construction business.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Well, I think welding, so we're not counting on a market acceleration, just to be clear. This is if you look at in a normal market environment, just assume for a minute, let's assume the market is flat. The contribution from new products and normal price very quickly gets you to something in the low-single digits. So I just want to be clear around that. The other thing I'd say, just on the margins. We talked a little about the year-over-year inventory revaluations. That's what caused the margins to drop in the fourth quarter, below 30%. And we expect that to be back above 30% here in the first quarter as that one-time kind of year-over-year inventory impact is behind us. So we would expect margins to kind of remain in that 30% plus as we go through 2024. And as I said earlier, that's not unusual. Every one of our segments told us as part of this bottom up planning process that they are on target to improve their operating margin performance in 2024.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. I think it is. I mean, as we say, in our four to seven calculus that we outlined at our Investor Day, you have a contribution from market – contribution from market penetration, and the largest contribution is actually from customer-back innovation. And that's what we're seeing here in 2024 really across most of our businesses. As we used to think about growth, 2% growth last year on top of 2021 – or 12% growth in 2021 and 2022 and targeting 1% to 3% here on the path to four plus, is kind of how are outlining this. And I would say that it's a target and a goal that we're very confident on the basis that it's where the bulk of our divisions are spending their time. We're making progress, certainly more to do, but given the portfolio, given the fact that we've got plenty of room to grow in each segment, given the investments that Michael has been talking about that we've been making now for quite a few years in strategic marketing and innovation. We're really putting ourselves and building the muscle here to get into a position where we will grow 4% plus over the entirety of this next phase. And I think in terms of just capability build, if you think about this in the way that – the way we leaned into front to back 80/20 in the last phase of our strategy, that's the way we're leaning into innovation in the next phase of our strategy. The same level of rigor, scope, and capability building that we applied to front to back 80/20 in the first phase. We are now applying to customer-back innovation here in this next phase. And I would say we're very encouraged by the progress that we've seen on innovation over the last couple of years. It was a 1% contributor five years ago. It's now a 2% contributor on its way to 3% and beyond. And again, very encouraged by the progress that we're seeing across many of our divisions in terms of the qualitative work they're doing on innovation, but also in terms of the quality of the innovation pipeline across all seven segments.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. I think in our overall guidance here of 1% to 3% organic, that's where you'll find all the major geographies. So North America, in that low single-digit, 1% to 3% range. And Europe kind of similar to North America, definitely we've seen some challenges on the construction side as you pointed out, but kind of you put it all together, it's in that one to three range. And then the China is more positive, but that's really driven by the automotive business, which is more than half of our revenues in China. So we expect another double-digit type growth for the auto business in China. And that takes China to kind of the mid single-digit range in 2024.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. So Mig, I would say that, we're probably seeing our growth across most of our portfolio. I would use, auto as an example, think about flat bills in 2024. We're talking about 3% to 5% on auto as an example. We've historically outgrown in food equipment. As I think, if you look at some of the comparisons and so on. Also with welding and with construction, large down market here in 2023 which we outgrew, so we have the capacity to outgrow across much of our segment. And with respect to investments, I think we've been making these focused targeted investments for some time now. This is not new news. This is something we've been doing for a few years to really position ourselves to grow at 4% plus across the enterprise over this next phase. And I think the big driver of that, as we said a few times is customer-back innovation, is leaning on customer-back innovation that we've been working on for a couple of years, and we'll accelerate over this next phase. And that's really what will drive the outgrowth going forward. And that customer-back innovation opportunity resides in every segment on the basis of the level of differentiation in every segment, the share runway opportunity we have in every segment. So we would expect every segment in time to meaningfully contribute to that 4% plus organic growth.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. Sure, Mig. So effectively, we are very much sticking to our disciplined portfolio management strategy, which is very consistent in terms of – we are certainly interested in high quality acquisitions where we can find them that extend our long-term growth potential to grow at a minimum 4% plus at high quality. That's the primary kind of lens, we look at acquisitions. We've been able to leverage the business model to improve margins. And so we certainly review opportunities on an ongoing basis, but we're pretty selective here about acquisitions, given the fact that we believe we've got a lot of organic growth potential that we're going to execute on here over the next few years. If I think about MTS as an example of the typical – attractive candidate, we look at and ticked all the boxes in terms of strategic attraction, in terms of differentiation, solving customer pain points, opportunity to leverage the business model to improve margins. And having owned that business now for just over two years because we stuck to the characteristics that we believe in with respect to acquisitions. This is an acquisition that's turning on to be a home run and will be a great ITW business in the long-term. So it's a real blueprint for how we think about acquisitions and how we'd be thinking about acquisitions going forward.
