Ernest Scott Santi: Thanks, Michael and just now a couple of words on the acquisition that we announced earlier this week. On slide 17, let me start in terms of foundation and just talk about the business that we are holding on this acquisition to our Automotive OEM segment. As many of you know, we have a very focused niche strategy in this space. We are essentially a high velocity serial problem solver for OEM and tier suppliers. The segment, in 2015, had $2.5 billion of revenue and an 8% organic growth CAGR since 2012. As we have talked on a number of occasions, we see very attractive long-term growth opportunities in this space within ITW's very focused niche positioning, and have demonstrated some real ability to execute on that strategy over the last four years or five years as we've talked about on a number of occasions. And we've outgrown global auto builds by over 400 basis points on average since 2012. So the addition of the ZF – the Engineered Fasteners & Components business from ZF TRW essentially gives us some additional leverage on that strategy, broadens our market positions on slide 18. A very complementary business in terms of strategy and focus, this business is a leading global supplier of engineered fastening systems and technical components largely focused on the interior of the car. Business is headquartered in Germany, 13 manufacturing facilities and 3,500 employees globally. Very strong solid business, excellent customer relationships, very capable operating team, and a very strong proven track record around quality and delivery execution throughout their history. On slide 18 (sic) [19], in terms of what does this business do in terms of adding to our current position, a couple of key points in that regard. First of all, it adds several new strategic product platforms that have similar characteristics through the core product platforms that we support today, certainly have very demonstrated track record in terms of innovation. The business is bringing with it over 500 active patents. And from the standpoint of the manufacturing customer support footprint, very tilted towards Asia, so it supplements our position in Asia. The overall business is, standpoint of revenue by geography, is 45% Europe, 20% North America, 35% in Asia Pacific, so very complementary to our geographic footprint, which is a little more weighted towards North America. So it gives us better global balance overall. And certainly, the last point is we see significant potential to leverage our 80/20 business management process in terms of helping the EF&C business continue to improve its operating metrics. Operating margins on the way in (18:52) are about 10%, and as Michael talked about, we think we have line of sight on at least doubling that rate over the first five years of ownership. From the standpoint of the transaction components, purchase price is roughly one times sales. Michael talked about the near-term accretion, certainly, modestly positive in the first 12 months, including all non-cash acquisition accounting related costs, certainly, expect to generate returns on capital well within our target, over the first seven years to 10 years of the acquisition. Michael talked about our ability to fund 70% or so of the purchase price with non-U.S. cash, which is an acquisition from a strategic and operational and return standpoint that we would have done regardless of funding sources, but certainly, the ability to use a significant portion of the purchase cost, the ability to use cash overseas is certainly an added benefit here, but didn't drive the deal. And we expect to close in the second half of – or this first half of 2016. So with that, I think we're – that's all for our prepared remarks, and we'll be happy to take your questions.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yes, sure, Joe, this is Scott. I think the story for us remains one of penetration. Michael made a comment in his prepared remarks that our planning scenario, essentially, is for 1% increase in global auto builds next year. I think most of the sort of external forecasters and pundits are in the 2.5% to 3% range. So in our own planning assumptions, I think we're taking a much more conservative approach as a baseline. It is also, as we talked about before, the one area of our business where we have a significant amount of forward visibility vis-à-vis. We've sold programs into production plans going on this year. Those programs were sold two years and three years ago. So I think we've got a pretty stable outlook on, in terms of what our expectations are for 2016, with respect to auto built into our plans. It doesn't mean that builds, if we see some inflection in – or some change in overall builds relative to our 1%, that's not going to have an impact, but ultimately, I think the potential impacts are pretty modest. I think we've got our plan set where there's an appropriate level of conservatism, and have enough new penetration and new content in 2016 coming online that we ought to be able to be all right regardless of – pending any sort of major crash, which I don't think anybody thinks is going to happen. I think we're in pretty good position in 2016.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah, I think you've hit – in terms of those three areas of the company, I think you've hit three that are still in the preparing to grow mode. The agenda is pretty much within our own control from the standpoint of what we have characterized as moving from preparing to grow to ready to grow. It's largely a lot of 80/20 work, a lot of product line pruning, a lot of customer focus, and a lot of – as we talked in December, a lot on really lasering in on where are the best opportunities to grow. So I don't think there's much impact on the preparation part from the standpoint of the external environment. That agenda is pretty well mapped out. The timing is, in terms of the sequencing of various parts of the company, from that prepared to grow to ready to grow, just a function of how big the agenda was to get from A to B. And in some cases, we had further to go than others. So the 60% we've gotten in that mode to this point had a slightly less deep agenda. And we're working our way through the rest. So I don't think there's much impact in terms of the external environment, in terms of the objective that we have laid out to get 85% of our businesses in that mode by the end of this year. That being said, certainly, the external environment, from the standpoint of yield on that investment, is certainly going to have an impact in the short run. A little bit of tailwind, at some point here, would certainly help us showcase the progress we're making, but I think I'd also make the other point that the fact that we're able to grow 45% of our sales in this environment at a 6% clip in 2015 is a pretty good indicator of at least some progress in that regard.
Ernest Scott Santi: But other than that, I think we have – I think I get it, your question. If I don't answer it, let me know. But what I would say is we have a very full pipeline over of engineering and product development activity related to Automotive that's certainly driven by some of the things you talked about, and just other changes in the need profile of our OEM customers in terms of new features, new technologies, new things that they're looking to add. So I think we have a very solid view of the next 10 years in the space, in terms of what the opportunities are for our particular niche in the space. And I think that's – this is not – we don't manage any of our businesses for the next two quarters, we manage them for the long haul. I think this is an area where we remain, as we've talked before, very optimistic about our ability to continue to increase our content per vehicle, focusing on a very narrowly defined strategy in terms of what we do. And so, all I can tell you is that the pipeline, in terms of the amount of activity in terms of projects we're working on that are going to come to fruition two years and three years and four years out remains very healthy. We track it, we monitor it, so I think we are on top of sort of what the future might hold in terms of opportunity for us here.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yes, so I think our overall story in Automotive is largely an organic one. I think this particular business, from the standpoint of complementary fit with our strategy, is a unique opportunity. I would certainly not rule out other opportunities like this. But I think it's not a matter of – it's not the scale we're after here. It's really about sort of auto opportunities where we can extend our access to the key OEMs and extend our ability to play across a range of different product platforms that we think fit the overall screen in terms of high value-added content. So we talked about the organic growth rate in Auto OEM. I think that's largely that remains the thrust here. So that's the overall focus, and the story is we have significant opportunity to continue to grow and add content per vehicle and do it in a way that's certainly consistent with our overall enterprise performance goals. That being said, would we look at something that gave us a similar opportunity to extend our reach in some other geography? Sure.
Ernest Scott Santi: I'm not sure I heard who the company was. I wouldn't comment on it. I don't think it's – I think we'll assess each opportunity on its own. I don't want to overplay this. I think our primary thrust is – and focus continues to be on leveraging and executing the strategy that we have. So we don't need any more M&A to continue to generate really strong organic growth at really nice incremental yield. So I would say, our thrust here would be more opportunistic than any view that we have to do anything more here. So if opportunities present themselves that we think that will certainly do it, but we have no particular view of we're deficient, we need this, or we have to have that in order to be very successful here over the long haul.
Ernest Scott Santi: And part of what I would add to that is there's a lot of volatility in the comps, given just the volatility in the end-market. So we talked about fourth quarter last year. So what we're trying just communicate is, not any big change in trend as much as when you look at the year-on-year comps quarter-by-quarter, because of the volatility over the last eight quarters to 10 quarters, those aren't necessarily indicative of what's going on currently. And essentially what we're seeing is relatively stable demand on a orders per day basis. So we're not calling it a trend, we're not calling it a pick-up, but what we are saying is things have been relatively stable.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah, yeah, but again, it's much more about the – because of the comparison to the comps, we're taking current daily run rates and applying basically what we're saying in 2016 is – no change in current run rates gets us 1% to 3% for the year.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah. So the answer to the first question is the growth rate has been solid, but not at the rate that we've been growing over the last four years. We expect to have some – offer some help in that regard. And then, the second question is that we've been very impressed with the management team in the organization and feel like we're getting a really solid quality team, that runs a great business today and through some additional tools that we can provide around our operating system, I think, can certainly leverage those tools to their full potential.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah. Absolutely. I mean, we think we'll continue to make progress on operating margin in Test & Measurement. And in the fourth quarter, really nothing unusual other than what we've been talking about for almost three years now in terms of really strong execution of the enterprise initiatives, including 80/20 in that business. So very sustainable. More progress to come in 2016 and 2017.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah. So like we said earlier, no change in the month of January. We're on track to the guidance for the quarter. Oil and gas demand, while certainly down year-over-year, has remained stable. And like we said earlier, the primary impact there is on the Welding side and we expect that business to decline in the single-digits in 2016.
Ernest Scott Santi: Well, I'm not sure that it's probably our place to comment on that. I think we're – it's a business that we've known about for a long time. I'll put it that way.
Ernest Scott Santi: Well, my answer is we remain very much a niche player on the acquisition space. As we've talked about, our primary thrust remains on focus on making this pivot organic. So I'm not sure we're your best barometer. In terms of pipeline, we have a few segments that are in the ready-to-grow mode, largely who are now enabled to start to think about what might be complementary to what they're doing, but I would say, from a standpoint of our overall level of effort here, we wouldn't be a good barometer in terms of what's going on in the overall market.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah, so I think, Steve, kind of, big picture here. I mean, Europe was up a little more than 1% in 2015. We expect that to stay at the current run rate to be – in that range. Maybe a little better than that, driven, again, by strong presence in Automotive growing double-digits, or a big quarter in 2015, and more to come there. Food Equipment should have another really good year in that region. So more of the same, maybe a little bit better in Europe based on current run rates. China was flat essentially in the quarter, flat for the year. And we expect a similar environment going into 2016.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, Joe, I'd say on the organic, 1% to 3% guide for 2016 is based on the demand levels we're seeing in the businesses today, as per usual. So we're not counting on improvement in underlying demand or in market conditions. Based on current run rates, we are solidly in that range of 1% to 3%. I think in terms of margin of error, what I would say is that we still have a lot of things that are within our control, in terms of our self-help. And number one on the list are the enterprise initiatives that we've continued to execute well on over the last two years. And we expect another 100 basis points of margin expansion, independent of volume from those in 2016. If you translate that into EPS, as we said in December, that's about $0.30 of EPS growth. Certainly, in addition to that, the $1 billion increase in our share repurchase program gives us some additional EPS benefit. Unfortunately, some of that is, depending on the timing, is offset by recent currency moves. Not so much in the euro, but primarily in Canadian and Australian dollars, the pound, but it does give us a little bit of room here. So overall, in terms of the guidance, we feel very good about maintaining where we're at in the $5.35 to $5.55 range, and we feel really good about continuing to make solid progress on organic growth. You saw some of that in the fourth quarter. And just based on what we're seeing in our businesses today, we'd expect that to continue in 2016.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, so I think obviously, Andrew, it's not the main driver of our margin performance here. That's really enterprise initiatives. But we were pleased to see 30 basis points in the fourth quarter. That was our best result in 2015. And the average for the year is 20 basis points. And that's what we modeled for 2016. I think we were all encouraged to see solid price across the portfolio, again, a lot of it driven by the launch of new products, as we've talked about before. And we're starting to see the deflation come through on some of the key raw materials that we're buying. In some cases, we pass those on to customers; we're contractually obligated, so obviously, we'll do that. But there is a little bit more of sort of an improvement in the overall equation here in the fourth quarter. Hopeful that we can maintain that. We're certainly working very hard on that. And we're counting on 20 basis points in the guide for 2016.
Michael M. Larsen: And John, maybe I'll just add that, for those that are maybe a little more short-term focused, we have not seen any signs of a slowdown in the fourth quarter or year-to-date in the automotive space, or across our business portfolio.
Michael M. Larsen: I think, Scott, we really – absolutely, we will continue to look at acquisitions, where we can – that meet the criteria that we talked about in December. So really, the primary purpose here is to support or accelerate our organic growth rate and we're looking for businesses, where we can have significant impact from an 80/20 standpoint. And so to the extent that we see those, we'll certainly continue to work on that. In terms of overall capital allocation, nothing has changed in terms of our structure and strategy. As you know, we have a strong balance sheet, we have strong liquidity. We generate a lot of cash flow. You saw 140% in the quarter, 106% for the year. And so we have a lot of options. And so for us, it's not a question of either/or, we can do all of the above. And what we've said is to the extent that we don't identify acquisitions that meet the criteria that I just described, then we make a choice to return that cash to our shareholders through an active share repurchase program. And as you saw, we just raised that today from a $1 billion to $2 billion for 2016. So that's how we think about it.
Michael M. Larsen: So price/cost was 20 basis points and the primary driver was 110 basis points from the enterprise initiatives.
Michael M. Larsen: Okay. Thank you. Operator; Thank you. And our next question will be coming from the line of Deane Dray of RBC. Your line is open.
Michael M. Larsen: So, this is Michael, Deane. So if you think about it, $470 million in revenues, half of that is what we would describe as fastening systems. And that, not to get too technical here, certainly, I'm not the right person for that, but they're described broadly as fasteners for trim, pipe and hose, hole plugs and wire harnesses. The other half is what is described as technical components. So this is, again, in the interior of the vehicle – air registers, interior ventilation systems, lighting and other interior products. So there's a really nice fit with what we know really well and do very well inside of our current Automotive business.
Michael M. Larsen: I think overlap is not a good characterization. Every one of these products is custom-designed around a particular model. So we're sort of describing them in broad category, so they're areas that we know. We know fastening very well in Automotive, but there are hundreds of fastening applications on every car. So every product line here is a specifically designed and engineered solution to a specific problem on a specific model for a specific OEM. So these are sort of areas that we're very familiar with in broad terms, but from the standpoint of are there any exact like-like products? Minimal to none.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah. So we paid very little. And you saw that in our tax rate last year. We had a similar transaction in the quarter last year. Our rate for the last year was 30.2% for the year, in that 30% to 31% range. And for 2016, we expect to be in that same range, 30% to 31%, including in the first quarter. So, like we said, this was done in a very tax-efficient, very simple transaction. It makes a lot of sense operationally and a really good outcome for the company.
Michael M. Larsen: Mig, all we're saying is that, as we talked about on the last earnings call is that what we have seen in our businesses on the industrial side is that trends stabilize, really starting in the second quarter last year. And so if you just take Welding to maybe illustrate this, so if you look at the sequential demand trends in Welding, what we saw in the first quarter was a 8% decline in the demand rate, into the second quarter, into the third quarter, we saw 1%, all seasonally adjusted. And then, in the fourth quarter we saw flat. And so that means that we would expect typical seasonality in Welding. We expect that business to be down 2% and the business was flat. So that's certainly an improvement in terms of the underlying demand trends.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, and, Mig, a point on the consumer side is really that -this is a little bit different, as you were saying, relative to maybe some of our peers, that 60% of our revenues are tied to the consumer. And that in the current environment where there's some pressure on the industrial side, particularly, CapEx into oil and gas, and we have 60% of the company growing at 3% at a very stable rate for the quarter and for the year. So those are the points we're trying to make on slide 11.
Michael M. Larsen: No change here, Mig. I mean, we saw across the portfolio the ability to get price based on offering value-added products and solutions. We saw no change in the quarter. So really nothing different here.
Michael M. Larsen: No, the guidance today does not include the acquisition. But what we did say is that we expect minimal EPS impact in 2016. This is really more of a 2017 and beyond EPS growth story. And so when the transaction closes, which we expect will happen in the first half of the year, we will update revenue margin guidance. We expect some, but very little impact on the EPS side and we'll give you all that once the transaction closes.
Michael M. Larsen: I'd say not really, David. I mean, I'd say, the fourth quarter here was a little bit better than our guidance at the beginning of the quarter, but that wasn't really a big surprise to us. And, again, what we're doing is we're taking typical seasonality, run rates from Q4 adjusted for seasonality into Q1 and that gets you into that 0% to 2% range, so there's nothing really different about it.
Michael M. Larsen: And so based on that, I mean, the way you're looking at it, David, I mean, this is not a back-end loaded plan in terms of the organic or the EPS guidance.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah. So our margins, I mean, it can vary a little bit on a quarterly basis. I would point to 24.2% operating margin in Auto for the year, great progress. That's how I would think about 2016 with some progress on the enterprise initiatives. For the year, 6% organic growth on builds of 1%, 5% in the quarter. There can be some mix issues, like we talked about in the third quarter. And so I wouldn't read too much into, David, the one particular quarter, but really encourage you to look at it kind of on an annual basis. And we'd certainly expect something very similar in 2016. Scott walked through the penetration and the auto build dynamics, but it should be another solid year for the Auto business.
Michael M. Larsen: And like all of our businesses, we would expect some progress on margins in 2016, some more than others.
Michael M. Larsen: No, when we say stable what we mean is the underlying demand trends adjusted for seasonality from Q3 to Q4, we saw stable demand in those businesses. So...
Michael M. Larsen: Now it doesn't mean that we expect the consumer businesses to be flat in 2016. We're certainly not giving guidance for consumer and industrial for 2016, but if you think about what's in there, so Automotive, we talked about Food Equipment, we talked about parts of Construction and Specialty, we'd certainly expect those businesses to grow again in 2016.
Michael M. Larsen: I think, Joel, I think you were saying that. I don't think I said that at the December meeting. So we have, like I said earlier, I mean, we have our current debt to EBITDA is in that 2.2/2.3 range, and we expect no changes to that.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, no, so we didn't really see anything other than what I described earlier, right? And so, on the equipment side, certainly down a little bit more than the consumables that have been fairly stable throughout the year, but no significant changes as we've gone through the year or the fourth quarter.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah. So if you look at the fourth quarter, up 3% organic, like I said, residential was flat, which was slightly better than expected. On the renovation remodel channel, that's really where the growth, up 12% for the full-year, and then, commercial down slightly. Those trends, we've been kind of bumping along those same numbers in 2015. We feel good about 2016 and we would expect that business to grow in 2016 at a rate similar to what we saw in 2015, which was up 4% organically.
