E. Scott Santi: Thank you, John. Good morning, everyone. I also want to begin by sending along my personal best wishes to David Speer, who has been a leader, a mentor and a friend to me throughout much of my career at ITW. In the meantime, I want to assure everyone that it's business as usual here at the company. As noted in our announcement from last week, I've spent my entire 30-year career at ITW, and over the course of that time have had management experience and leadership responsibility in every one of our operating segments. We also have a very deep and talented management team who average more than 20 years of experience with the company, and I can assure you as, that as a management team, we remain focused on our 2 major objectives: Delivering solid earnings on a quarterly basis; and successfully implementing our enterprise initiatives to make ITW an even better company in the years ahead. As to our third quarter results, I was very pleased with our ability to enhance our profitability, [audio gap] even as we dealt with revenue headwinds in geographies such as [audio gap] in China. Our double-digit earnings per share growth and strong operating margin improvement in the third quarter clearly reflects our focus on our differentiated 80/20 operating model. I'll also note that we continue to return significant levels of cash to our shareholders. Through the third quarter, we have returned more than $1.9 billion of cash via dividends in our share repurchase program. Finally, some updates on our 3 enterprise initiatives: Business structure simplification; strategic sourcing; and portfolio management. We remain fully committed to these initiatives and implementation plans around each are well underway. Our divestiture activity thus far in 2012, including our Industrial Finishing group and pending Decorative Surfaces transactions, underscore our commitment to reposition our business portfolio to focus the company on our best long-term growth return and margin opportunities. We also continued to make solid real-time progress on our business structure simplification and strategic sourcing initiatives, and we look forward to sharing additional details and operating metrics around the enterprise performance benefits we expect to generate from all 3 of these initiatives at our December 14 investor meeting in New York. Now let me turn the call over to Ron.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, Ann, this is Scott. I would say that the results were fairly steady throughout the quarter. In North America, running flat to down a couple of hundred basis points throughout the quarter and in Europe, down 3 to 4. But no big trends one way or the other as we move through the quarter.
E. Scott Santi: Sure. The primary drivers are really a focus that we've had in that business for the last 18 months, so really around reapplying 80/20 in a fairly aggressive and focused way, and we're starting to see the benefits of that come through. Certainly, some help on the price cost side, but largely looking at the fundamental operating structure and taking some nice actions around 80/20 and as Ron alluded to before on our business structure, simplification initiative as well.
E. Scott Santi: And I would add to that, I think from the standpoint of -- pipeline of new penetration gains, both in Europe and, really around the world in our Auto OEM business, I think we've probably got as good a pipeline going forward there, as we've had in a long time.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think it's obviously an environment that's pretty dynamic at the moment. I think one of the things that's been interesting for us throughout the year is the fact that sort of the stronger ends of our -- the stronger components of our overall portfolio from a growth standpoint have been the more capital goods-intense events, which is, again in this environment, probably a little bit counterintuitive, but what it says is that, customer base, the customer base that we have is certainly willing to spend money, invest in new equipment that helps improve their productivity or their performance. So if you look at the Welding business, Test and Measurement, the stronger ends of our sort of overall organic growth from the standpoint of the North American market have really been in these CapEx categories. We certainly can't sit here and -- with any great assurance say that, that will continue, but I think it is indicative of the fact that our customer base are still looking to make investment in new products and new capabilities that help drive better productivity, better performance for them.
E. Scott Santi: And we generally, what I would add is, and we've said this before, but we generally don't fill big backlogs in terms of the way we execute on our customers' demand. We're typically shipping today what our customers ordered yesterday. So from a standpoint of overall revenue rates, we're seeing, on the ground today, essentially, a very similar flavor to what we saw in the third quarter.
E. Scott Santi: Well, certainly, if the economic environment gets better, that will help our base earnings, and we'll get a lot of leverage from that. Yes, we don't think that's -- this could get substantially better, but there could be a lot of upticks, potentially in Asia Pacific and China. Right now, we have that continuing to be negative, but that can move fairly quickly quarter-to-quarter. On the cost side, certainly we could do better on the margin. We may be able to get better price cost in the higher end of that range. We're continuing to see overhead benefits, and we've got a lot of that built in, but sometimes, we can outperform that. From a business perspective, we've seen strong performance in certain segments, and we're modeling some of that to come down, but that could continue to be favorable on the upside, in things like Welding and on Automotive.
E. Scott Santi: Well, very meaningful. I mean, over the last 5 or 6 years, we really started this segment from scratch with the acquisition of Instron in 2005, and that continues to be a key focus of our acquisition targeting.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think largely we have the leaders in place. What we're really talking about is building bigger scale into our divisional structure, so the sort of before-and-after on that is moving from roughly 600-plus operating divisions down to a number around 150 to 175 or so when we're done. The planning around that is -- has been done, it's been ongoing throughout this year. I'd say we're largely through the -- sort of define the game plan, we're in the sort of early stages of the execution around that, starting with the leadership questions related to those 150-plus divisions and I would [indiscernible], I can't tell you that 100% of those are done, but I -- the number's probably well north of 90%.
E. Scott Santi: And all I would add to that is the business simplification initiatives, certainly they're the kind of head-start we've had, given that initiative and its sort of central point in the company's operating approach over last year's is, in a lot of ways, sort of prepared us for this environment, and so it's really about implementing that plan and executing to that plan. Not a lot of deltas around -- we knew going into this year it was not going to be a great environment, economically anyway, so from a standpoint of incremental and restructuring, we just don't see the need at this point, but there's plenty of that activity going on, and has been, throughout the year.
E. Scott Santi: The other thing I'd point out, and as I said earlier, as we continue to work through business simplification, we'll have a higher spend than normal next year as well, and certainly, some of that will be related to places where the top line's challenged.
E. Scott Santi: Yes. What I would say is, we are well through the planning process and are in the active execution mode.
E. Scott Santi: I would say not. I think generally, customers have been pretty tight in that regard all year, in terms of overall cautious posture, but I don't think we're seeing anything significant in terms of change around that of late.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, we had a nice quarter from stretch packaging in that segment. Overall, they were up 10% and some of that was related to film volume in North America related to food and beverage.
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, so as we disclosed in our forecast, our overall restructuring spend for the year is expected to be between $100 million and $110 million, which is about $30 million to $40 million higher than kind of a normal run rate that we would have. Year-to-date, we've spent $76 million, so we're looking at about $30 million spend in the fourth quarter which is similar to what it was in the third quarter, and a lot of that incremental spend at both Q3 and Q4 is related to us working through our business simplification initiative and starting to take some actions around the management organization as we move to put the appropriate leaders in place at the divisions and starting to make some changes there. Certainly, more to come as we move through that initiative in 2013, but we're starting to see -- we're starting to take action here, starting to see some of the cost related to that.
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, we don't -- as you know, we don't give out monthly data anymore. I think what we can tell you, though, is that if you look at the sort of activity levels through the months in the quarter, the third quarter, I don't think on an adjusted basis, there was any real big difference between July, August and September. So once again, we're not seeing any kind of outperformance early and things softening. I think it's more or less a story of the geographies we've talked about. Europe and Asia Pacific continue to be a little weaker, and they have been persistently weaker. North America, U.S.-led, continues to be a number that's reliably in sort of a 3% to 4% growth rate. So I don't think we've seen anything on a month-to-month basis that point to anything changing in any material way.
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, I think Q4 visibility is what we've baked into the forecast. So we're expecting that overall base revenue growth to be in the plus 0.5% to 0.7% range. North America continued to be solid, maybe a tad weaker in the 3% or 4% range. International, still negative, but a little bit less negative than we've been.
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, I think, certainly, we've always been in this position where we have a lot of free cash flow to generate from operations to deploy. On top of that, as we do more divestitures, we'll have some additional cash to utilize. And what we've said on the divestiture cash is, to the extent we have after-tax cash in the U.S., we would use that for share repurchases, to offset earnings dilution and so we've been doing that. We closed on a Finishing Systems deal earlier in the year. We're about to close on this Decorative Surfaces deal. So one of the reasons, if you look at our share repurchases for the year, and our allocation to that, that's higher than it would normally be, because of these noted divestitures. I think going forward, historically, we've returned about 60% of capital to shareholders via dividends or share repurchases. Given that we're bit more focused around strategic acquisitions, we might allocate a bit more to return to shareholders versus acquisitions, say 1/3 to acquisitions and 2/3 to shareholders after considering divestitures.
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, yes, this transaction, it may seem a little bit complicated. I mean, it'll certainly, in the P&L, have some puts and takes as we continue to own a share of this. But it's a good transaction for us. It allows us to get $1 billion out of the business right now, which we can redeploy. So what will happen is, it's part of this joint venture, and the joint venture will manage it. And ultimately, to the extent the joint venture ends up selling the business on to somebody else, we will participate in that. So the way I would think about it from an ongoing impact on us, we'll have some amount of P&L, our 49% interest, but that will be pretty minimal. The joint venture will have a lot of additional cost beyond operating income related to interest expense, amortization expense, et cetera. So we'll probably have very little in the way of P&L pickup for our 49%. But ultimately, when this business gets sold on, we will get 49% of the proceeds and 49% of the gain at that point.
Ronald D. Kropp: So overall, from a total company perspective, our fourth quarter tends to be our weakest quarter, from a revenue and margin perspective. Yes, part of that is, the month of December, especially now that we've moved off to one-month lag for international, December also falls in the fourth quarter. So it tends to be our weakest revenue quarter, our weakest margin quarter. Most of our businesses aren't overly seasonal beyond the impact of the holidays. Maybe a couple of exceptions, the Construction business is a little bit seasonal, as well as some of our Consumer Packaging businesses that serve the beverage markets. But generally, from a seasonality perspective, we don't have a ton of seasonality beyond the holiday impact.
Ronald D. Kropp: So during the quarter, we acquired 5 companies and paid about $69 million for the year. We have 19 acquisitions for about $400 million, paid about $659 million. And so generally, we're seeing a reasonable level of acquisition activity. We're certainly focused on growth platforms in emerging markets, when we look at acquisitions. So we're doing fewer deals, but the average size is bigger. So we feel reasonably good about the acquisition pipeline. It's not great, but it hasn't dried up either, and we're looking at a fair number of deals.
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, yes, we're already at 400, so certainly, a bit more than that in the fourth quarter, although fourth quarter is always a little bit iffy, and things that are expected to close at the end of the year sometimes fall into the next year.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. So overall, we're looking at margins to be up a tad, 10 to 20 basis points, and the base part of that is about 30 to 40. So that does include continued favorably priced cost of 60 to 80 basis points, so not quite as strong as third quarter, but still pretty favorable. We do have some headwinds on the corporate side, so we had some corporate gains last year, for reserves and cash for undervalue life insurance and those kinds of things. So that's going to be a drag of about 40 basis points. The other thing that's up year-on-year, and I talked about it earlier, is restructuring, so that will cost us 40 basis points or so as well.
Ronald D. Kropp: So as I said earlier, it will be -- continue to be included in continuing operations, because we retain a 49% interest. So what we will show, going forward is first of all, we will have a gain in the fourth quarter that will be considered non-operating. And on an ongoing basis, we will have 49% of the income, but as I said, the income should be fairly minimal. So using a flat expectation over the long-term is probably appropriate. There may be some one-time amortization charges in the fourth quarter that could make that negative, but over time, it should be basically flat. That will also be reported outside of operating income. But it's still included in continuing apps.
Ronald D. Kropp: It'll be netted into one line, so we will not show revenues, operating income margins, et cetera, and it will no longer be a separate segment.
Ronald D. Kropp: But, Henry, if you think of our forecast, I think if you look at the last couple of quarters, I think our forecast really underlies the notion it's more of the same. You have North America, a little bit better; Europe, Asia Pacific, a little negative. So I -- we're not seeing anything right now that gives us a high degree of confidence that those trends are going to change per those geographies.
Ronald D. Kropp: I think to Scott's earlier point, Henry, think about the amount of activity around our CapEx-related businesses. Again, seems counterintuitive, it seems like something that wouldn't happen if people were worried about these type of issues, and we're not seeing that. I think businesses really do what's in their best interest over a shorter period of time and they tend to get less worried about policy.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, I think it was really more representative of what we saw in the various geographies. Although we did pick up some business from -- a little bit of business from a key customer in Test and Measurement, but to Scott's point, it had -- there was a bigger variation or a bigger contributor coming on the Electronic side from us from a key customer.
Ronald D. Kropp: So the $0.03 for dec surfaces is simply the operating results related to dec surfaces. We've also included a $0.01 benefit from higher share repurchases. That's really related to the use of proceeds from the dec surfaces transaction. So from a net perspective, that's about -- that's a $0.02 decline if you netted the shares in there. The acquisition number, is really 2 components of that. One, that's a function of the cash distribution from the acquisitions we've already completed. In the early part of the year, we had a couple of larger ones that, as things have weakened, especially internationally, the results have come down a little bit. Secondly, we had included some amount of acquisitions in the forecast, that we expected to complete and some of that's gotten pushed off. So we've taken the number down a little bit there as well.
Ronald D. Kropp: So as I talked about earlier, our restructuring spend for the year is already above what we would normally spend. So certainly part of that is, what I talked about earlier, business simplification. And part of that is Europe and other places where things are weak, and really as we work through this business simplification exercise, it's all related. As we look at simplifying the European business, we're also factoring in what we think the results are. So it's hard to split up exactly what would be business simplification versus economic related, but we certainly have increased the overall spend accordingly, and really set it at the beginning of the year.
Ronald D. Kropp: I mean typically, overall, across the company, we get about a one-to-one payback in North America. It's lower than that and in places like Europe, it's higher. Because it's higher, more expensive, but overall, on average, it's about one-to-one.
Ronald D. Kropp: I can't give that at this point. You can assume our typical effective tax rate on that, maybe a little bit higher, because it's more North American-based, so say between 30% and 35% from an effective tax rate perspective.
Ronald D. Kropp: It was -- North America, if you're talking about Signode specifically, the number was minus 2 to minus 3 in the quarter, and this would have been the first quarter where we saw negative activity.
Ronald D. Kropp: And right, we all -- we did lose a shipping day in the quarter. So I'd say on a real-time basis, the business has probably slowed a little bit, but probably not as much as that number.
John L. Brooklier: We continue to see a significant price cost benefit in the third quarter. We also had a pickup in the fourth. Overall, it was 80 basis points across the company, but we really saw it in every segment. So it's pretty broad-based. We did see a pickup in Resin towards the end of the quarter, but we think that's going to stabilize and perhaps go down in the fourth quarter. The biggest segments where we had impacts, Polymers and Fluids was positive 130 basis points in price cost; Industrial Packaging, 100; Power Systems, Electronics, 100.
John L. Brooklier: Andy, I think it's a function of we always talk about product capability, having the right set of products, new introductions, so on and so forth. But I think more specific to Europe is this whole issue of mix and where we really have strong mix is on the German OEM side, which -- clearly, the best performing part of the European autobuild story. So I'd say we have the right set of customers at this point in time. And I think we're going to continue to -- I think Germany will continue to outperform the rest of Europe as it relates to autobuilds. Having said that, I would expect continued outperformance, but we certainly can't give you the guarantees we've seen over the last 3 quarters. But I think directionally, Europe's on the right path, both from a product development standpoint and from a mix standpoint.
John L. Brooklier: Andrew, one other thing, as it relates to 2013, in New York in December, as we typically do, we'll give you a look at what we think third -- full year '13 will look like from an organic revenue standpoint. But that won't be until the middle of December.
John L. Brooklier: Well, I think Instron continues to be the flagship business of Test and Measurement. I think the drivers of growth, again are related to sort of to your point, on CapEx needs, and I think that the global trend, if you asked our Test and Measurement people, the thing they point to all the time is sort of standardization around the globe, and whether it's in China, whether it's U.S., whether it's Europe, people are looking at standardization, and it requires our form of technology, as it relates to our Test and Measurement equipment, both equipment and the software that goes with it. So we like this whole notion of standardization, globalization. We think it'll be the long-term good trend for the Test and Measurement category.
John L. Brooklier: Yes, John, remember, we increased our restructuring spend last quarter by $15 million to $20 million. So I think there, that -- I think that was a realization, that there was more to come as the year progressed.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you, everybody. We appreciate you joining us today on our conference call, and we look forward to talking to you again. Have a good day.
Eli S. Lustgarten: One just, qualification, the $0.03 gain from the sale in the quarter, is it reported in other income? That's it.
Eli S. Lustgarten: Everything else is good. And a follow-up question, can we talk a bit about acquisitions? I guess you only made $52 million, I think is what you said in the quarter. Where is that year-to-date, because you didn't have a chart in here? And where were you hoping to be this year? I mean, how full is the acquisition pipeline at this point? Restructuring permits.
Eli S. Lustgarten: Yes, but you talked something about this year in the 500 to 750 kind of range, so expected something like that.
David Raso: Okay. So to my question, in the fourth quarter, the implied operating margins are essentially flattish year-over-year, so you have base business up, you have 2 of your higher margin businesses' core growth driving the growth, right, Power and All Other. Price cost, I would think would still be positive. So I'm trying to understand why the margins would be roughly flattish, and it would be helping me out would be if you have a share count assumption for the fourth quarter? But if you can square up why the margins wouldn't be improving? I mean, they just went up 140 basis points this quarter, and your base growth assumption for fourth quarter is similar to the third quarter.
David Raso: Okay. So it basically comes down to leverage, say the price cost is negated roughly, slightly more than negated by corporate expense and restructuring. It basically comes down to operating leverage on that core business growth.
David Raso: Okay, all right. I have one quick one, sorry. 2013 for dec surfaces, for trying to model it. You're saying the net P&L impact for your 49% stake is neutral, but just for pure modeling, I mean, you're going to show other income showing the JV, some 49%, but then there's cost above the EBIT line? I get -- I'm just trying to see how to model it.
John G. Inch: That was [indiscernible] to my question. The question was why didn't you, was there some obvious reasons why you didn't take -- I realize the simplification in the added year-over-year. I'm talking about sort of what you saw in the third quarter. Your plans are in line, I'm just saying other companies are taking up their restructuring. You were just saying that you had set it at an appropriate level, but…
John G. Inch: Yes, that's fine, so it's probably close to this year. What kind of a payback do you guys expect on this restructuring? At least help, some sort of cushioning tailwinds into next year.
John G. Inch: Can I just ask as a final point here? The process of simplification, you guys, I realize, have been collecting an awful lot of data that will go into the framework. Where are you in that process? Meaning, are you still waiting for, say, a bunch of little projects to be completed to give you information that's coming through in November or something to then in turn provide the output framework for how you're thinking about future cost savings? Or is a lot of that kind of -- is a lot of that sort of in place and really then you're just sort of dotting Is and crossing Ts in terms of, sort of how this is actually going to progress in the time frame? And maybe just, so I'm not asking for the numbers, I'm asking more for just the process and kind of your confidence as you've sort of gone through this process.
