Michael Larsen: Yes, I think polymers and fluids is really the growth rate for 2022 is established the same way as the other segments, which is based on current levels of demand inside of the segment today projected into 2022 and adjusted for typical seasonality. So that’s where you get to that 5% to 9% range for polymers and fluids. On the CapEx question I’d say, we definitely continue to see very strong demand in our capital equipment businesses. We talked about an acceleration from Q3 into Q4 with revenue per day of 6%, when normally we’re only up 2% and we expect really that strong demand to continue into 2022. Again, we’re not assuming an acceleration in 2022. It’s based on current run rates but based on the trends we’re seeing, it’s possible that we fully expect that demand will continue at these levels. We’ve seen nothing in Q4 to suggest that demand is slowing down in any one of our segments.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think on auto margins, they’ve been remarkably resilient, considering that we’ve been down 15% to 20% in Q3 and Q4 and we’re still in that mid to high teen level. Obviously, as auto production comes back, we’re going to get positive volume leverage in the business. Price cost remains a significant headwind and it’s not so much steel is really more on the resin side in the auto business and we expect that those headwinds will continue in 2022 in the auto business. As we’ve talked about before getting priced takes a little bit longer in the in this space, just given the contractual nature of the industry. And we are continuing to partner with our customers as we renew contracts and add new content to vehicles and so I do think that longer term structurally auto margins will go back to levels that we’re at historically which is in the low to mid 20s. When exactly that happens really depends on when volume comes back and when we get ahead of these price cost headwinds that are pretty significant at this point.
Michael Larsen: Yes, you’re right, I think it’s likely to be another strange year. If you look at it historically, our first half versus second half in terms of the EPS that we generate for the full year, we are typically 49% in the first half and 51% in the second half. Yes 49% and 51% will be good. That’s one way to do that. So we’re 49 and 51, historically, we think this year based on current run rates, and how we think price cost might play out, we’re more like a 47:53. So it’s close. But the plans are a little more backend loaded than typical. The one thing I’ll just call out is, if you look at Q1 specifically, in Q1 last year, there were no significant chip shortages in the automotive space. So that auto was up 8% last year in Q1. We still expect the auto business to be down here in the first quarter of 2022. Not as much as in Q4, but still a down quarter in automotive. And so that’s really what’s driving this more backend loaded plan that I talked about. I think I just add on price cost we’re going to continuing to work that our teams are doing a good job. It’s going to take a little bit of time to catch up here even though we are the lag that we historically have seen has become smaller as we’ve learned some things in the past and are doing a better job responding with timely and appropriate price adjustments as we deal with this really unprecedented raw material cost inflation. I might just add, we’ve also not really seen anything to suggest that those inflationary pressures are slowing down.
Michael Larsen: So I think the expectation is that price costs will be margin dilutive 50 basis points for the year. And that consistent with our past practice, and all of 2021, the goal was to be EPS neutral or better and I think slightly positive is where we ended up as we said in Q4. But to be honest with you, it’s a really uncertain environment here. I mean, if there are further raw material cost increases we are going to read, we’re going to react to those raw material cost increases with further price and that will put further pressure on the margins. So it’s really difficult to predict what will end up for the year. In our guidance here in our model is 50 basis points of headwind.
Michael Larsen: So yes, there’s no assumption here that things are getting better or worse. This is based on what we’re seeing in our businesses today, based on incurred known and future costs and corresponding price increases. And it’ll be I think, again in 2022, as you said, a strange year, a pretty dynamic year from that perspective too.
Scott Santi: It’s good to say that the net 50 basis points include all existing and known price increases. But I think just put up a bit of emphasis on your point. Subsequent increases that we don’t know about today that occur then certainly affect that level of margin dilution as we go through the year.
Scott Santi: The way I would respond to that is, I think those issues in terms of customer impacted demand, customer supply chain impacted demand are better known today. So in Q2 it was sort of emerging situation, it was volatile. I would say that the sort of order the shipment, the timing of all that has been adjusted around a more known set of issues that our customers. So it’s less of us of a surprise, it’s hard to say it had any incremental impact in Q4 because it was just basically embedded in our plan, by that point, in our run rates in our plan so I think overall thing that I would say is we’re not seeing any evidence that things are improving in a dramatic fashion from the standpoint of all of the supply chain constraints. It’s still there are issues all over the place. We are reacting to those internally very well. Our customers are still challenged the automotive is just the most visible representation of that, but that these sorts of issues are applying to all customers of ours across all seven of our segments. But it’s still given the growth rates, the net-net of all of it is still very positive in terms of underlying demand. And if everybody had everything that access to every component, and every bit of raw materials that they might want right now, I couldn’t even guess sort of the incremental delta on that, but it’d be meaningful.
Scott Santi: So we provided kind of an estimate. And that’s really what this is, at best is an estimate of the breakdown between price and volume for full year 2021. I think we said price of 3% to 4%, roughly for the full year and organic growth in that 8% range. So that’s what we talked about in the last call that’s where we ended up. And while I fully appreciate the question, I’m not sure I can be really helpful in terms of the guidance here for 2022 because as I said, price versus volume and these are estimates at best. And so in our opinion, the performance metric that really matters most is organic growth, which of course, includes both price and volume. And we try to be very transparent in terms of providing fully organic growth guidance at the enterprise level for the segments. And we report actuals as we go through the year both for the enterprise and for the segments, but that’s really as much granularity as we can give you with a high degree of confidence.
Scott Santi: No I think that’s a fair way to characterize it. And maybe just to be clear, if you look at kind of third party leading industry, I hesitate to call them experts, but forecasts at least are suggesting builds for the year 2022 somewhere in that 9% to 10% range. What we have embedded in our guidance here is basically half of that. So we are somewhere in the mid single digits as our base assumption for automotive bills. They are plus 2 to 3 percentage points of penetration gains, which are essentially locked in at this point. And so hopefully that’s a fairly conservative assumption. It is also a little backend loaded. So I think like I said, we expect auto to be down at least in Q1 and then was gradual improvement from there as we go through the year and hopefully these supply chain issues get resolved and automotive like we said will become a really meaningful contributor to the overall organic growth rate of the company once those bottlenecks get resolved.
Scott Santi: So just to kind of summarize on the divestitures real quick. So we’ve begun the previously announced divestiture plans. We’ve kind of reinitiate, the process for five business units here, with combined annual revenues of about $500 million and we expect the process could take anywhere between 12 to 18 months to get these completed. And of course, as you know, there’s a fair bit of uncertainty around the timing of these. And so, in our guidance today is embedded that we’re that we own these businesses for all 2022. And we’ve also not included any kind of onetime gains on sale that might flow through. The positive impacts of the company, obviously, the onetime gains on sale is one thing, but really the kind of the structural benefit is approximately 50 basis points improvement in the overall organic growth rate of the company, and 50 basis points of improvement in the overall operating margin of the company. So that’s kind of the addition by subtraction effect with the divestitures. And essentially, if you wanted to, you could say that we’ve added a really high quality asset with MTS and we were replacing these divestitures with a business that we know can deliver the type of performance that we’ve seen in our Instron business through the application of the business model. In terms of the pipeline of deals, I mean, I think we remain disciplined, but also opportunistic and to the extent that other opportunities come along that have the same characteristics that we’ve talked about many times and we’re going to certainly be leaning in on those and when that might, when these things might come to fruition that’s always a little bit of there’s some uncertainty around that, just like there’s some uncertainty around the timing of these divestitures.
Scott Santi: So let me take a shot at this. I mean, I think on the market share gains, I mean, I think at the core of these when the recovery initiatives that we’ve talked a lot about is the goal of accelerating our organic growth efforts and gaining significant market shares at a time when competitors in many cases were not able to stay invested in their people, in their new products, in their capacity expansion plans, not able to maintain service levels at the same level as ITW. And so we are hearing across the company, from many, many of our divisions, lots of anecdotal evidence that we are gaining market share. It’s difficult to quantify. It’s an estimate at best and it’s not one that we’re confident reporting on externally, but I think there’s a lot of evidence inside the company that we are gaining share. I’ll just point to our 12% organic revenue growth last year with the challenges in auto and then 6% to 9% organic this year and maybe when we get to a point where the market growth rates stabilized, maybe we’ll be able to talk a little bit more about what our above market organic growth rates are. But we’re highly confident that we’re making good progress on our organic growth efforts. On your first half versus second half on price cost, I think we just talked about this. I mean, it remains a pretty uncertain environment. If things stay the way they are price cost will be a headwind in the first half and it’ll be maybe neutral in the second half. And for the full year, we ended up somewhere around 50 basis points of margin dilution impact. And to answer your question, we do not hedge. So the costs that are flowing through our P&L today are essentially today’s costs. And there’s a whole host of reasons why we think that’s a much better way of dealing with these costs real time maybe a little bit different than what you’re seeing at other companies. But that’s the quick answer on your hedging question.
Scott Santi: So I think, the inventory increase this year, which, like I said, that was a strategic decision to really secure supply for our customers and mitigate any risk around supply chain about 100, a little over $100 million came from MTS here in the month of December as we closed in the transaction. The specific impact from MTS on margins this year is 50 basis points. And I don’t know if that was exactly your question or you had something else in mind.
Scott Santi: Well, I would say we’re not in a rush. We’re going to be very deliberate and thoughtful in terms of how we implement the business model like we always do. I might just add, we’re really excited about MTS because the business model never been more powerful than it is today. And so we’re excited about what it can do. I think what we said was it’ll take about five to seven years to get to ITW caliber, margins and organic growth rates that are in line with what we’re seeing in the instrument business.
Scott Santi: Well, I’ll just say 30% incrementals that is including the impact from MTS, actually if you adjust for that incrementals for 2022 are in line with our historical kind of 35% to 40% range. And I think as you look across the segment, there’s really nothing unusual going on in terms of margins I think consistent with kind of the bottoms up planning process that we do at ITW. Our segments have all told us that they expect to do a little bit better in 2022 than they did in 2021 despite the fact that they are all operating at best in class levels relative to the markets and the competitors in those markets. So nothing unusual, we expect. Like I said overall 100 basis points of margin improvement, which is what we typically do. The enterprise initiatives are, it’s great to see I think in page 10 another strong contribution from 80:20 and strategic sourcing that’s pretty broad based across all seven segments, so nothing unusual. We really expect based on what they’ve told us continued progress certainly on organic growth, as you can see on page 10, in the slide deck and also on operating margins.
Scott Santi: Well, I think we’re really fortunate that we are in a position to do both. And so these are not mutually exclusive. I went through the four priorities, they are 1.5 billion, I mean, something really unusual would have to happen for us to not complete that program. It’s really the allocation of our surplus capital. And there’s plenty of room for more MTS type acquisitions to the extent that they become available.
Scott Santi: I think from the standpoint of the tactical issues now, I would certainly say that the environment is pretty stable but that just means that we’ve gotten used to this environment, that there is, there are new issues popping up everywhere. I think, from the standpoint of the tactics that we’ve our businesses employed to continue to serve our customers at a high level in this environment. We have certainly learned some things. Michael talked about our willingness to use our balance sheet to support inventory and investments. We have talked about the fact that our localized supply chains have really come up big for us here. Our long term relationships with our key suppliers all of those things it certainly helped us operate in this environment. We’ve got in, I’m not going to say comfortable, but we’ve gotten used to operating in this environment. But I don’t think there’s any sort of the set of issues that we’re confronting on a daily and weekly basis are shrinking dramatically at this point. In terms of forward visibility I think our mode is not the guess and not the look ahead, I think we are I react company. We are well positioned to do that. You can read the same sort of industry level stuff that we read. And it’s interesting, but until it actually shows up, we’re not counting on it. And we’ll continue to read and react to the conditions on the ground as we always do. That being said, it obviously at some point is going to start to improve in a material way. And at that point things certainly get easier. We get the turn even more of our attention to leveraging the strong market positions into consistent above market growth.
Scott Santi: Well, our focus in these games is really with our biggest and best customers that were our biggest and best customers before the pandemic. And I think in all of these cases what this pandemic provides us and this is true across the portfolio is an opportunity to demonstrate how ITW is different that we were there for our customers in a time of significant stress and challenges. And I think there is we are not looking for opportunistic sort of transient opportunities in this. We are looking for opportunities where we can truly leverage what is an advantage position and an advantage operating model in ways that ultimately proved to our biggest and best customers as I said, what the ITW difference is. And I expect that our ability to perform the way that we have and there’s as Michael said, there’s plenty of sort of anecdotal evidence of this. We are winning business today because of our ability to supply and not just supply, but supply these little items of high quality products. So I think as we said at the outset, this is a real opportunity for ITW to demonstrate some pretty fundamental core differences in our capabilities in the markets that we serve and in our people, in our business model, in my view, have absolutely stepped up to the challenge.
Scott Santi: Yes. That’s the first priority in this environment, absolutely, taking care of our existing key customers.
Scott Santi: Well, I think given the differentiated nature of our product and service offerings across the company, I think, first of all, we’re very pleased that we’ve been able to make the appropriate price adjustments to offset these really unprecedented raw material cost increases. And I think if and when those costs start to stabilize or come back down I mean, there’s certainly going to be individual discussions with customers, but we don’t expect that we’ll have to adjust pricing in a meaningful way, certainly not in a way that you’ll see in the financials that we report. 
Scott Santi: Well, all I could do is point to our, the way we’ve executed through the various waves to this point. I think there is have we had to adjust to the challenges of the pandemic from a people a safety standpoint, let alone a production standpoint, absolutely. That’s been going on now for coming up on two years. So I don’t, I think the way the company has responded we talked a lot about resilience, and that’s certainly part of it. But we are a manufacturer. We’ve got to have in our people are key to our ability to execute. And so we have done everything we need, everything within our power to keep our people safe, to keep our production lines running to be able to serve our customers. Have we learned things in the process? Of course, like a lot of companies have. This is not a normal environment as you all know, but ultimately I’m very comfortable that we are negotiating our way through these challenges in a really strong manner and will continue to do so. We’ll deal with whatever comes our way.
Scott Santi: So, I’m assuming you’re talking about the unallocated number that’s a little bit higher in Q4 at $56 million, I think Q3 was $43 million and the difference is the MTS transaction costs. So kind of a onetime and I think for modeling purposes for next year, I would assume somewhere in that $30 million to $40 million range.
Scott Santi: No, it’s just the investment in inventory. I mean, I think, obviously higher receivables with higher 15% revenue growth, and then the inventory to support our customers in a challenging supply chain environment. So we think that’s a pretty smart use of our balance sheet. So that’s what.
