Ernest Scott Santi: Thanks, Aaron, and good morning. Overall a pretty solid start to the year for ITW as we delivered solid near-term results and continue to make good progress in executing our strategy to position the company to deliver solid growth with best-in-class margins and returns. In the quarter we continued to deliver meaningful improvement on all of our key performance metrics. We grew EPS 7%, 10% excluding the impact of foreign currency translation, organic growth came in at the midpoint of our forecast and was up 1%, 2% excluding the impact of our PLS initiatives. We improved operating margin by 120 basis points to 22.1% and increased after tax return on invested capital by 180 basis points to 21.2%. Both our operating margin and our ROIC metrics were new all-time first quarter highs for the company. Free cash flow was also strong in the quarter at 90% of net income. Based on current demand trends and our strong operational and margin performance in the quarter we are raising our GAAP EPS guidance for 2016 by $0.05 at the midpoint. Before turning the call over Michael for more detail on our Q1 results I’d like to thank all of our ITW colleagues around the world for the great job that they continue to do in serving our customers and executing our strategy. Michael, over to you.
Ernest Scott Santi: We’ve never from our particular lens we’ve never viewed the ISM number as having a terrific correlation to conditions we’re seeing on the ground, certainly not way off, but I think from the standpoint of either leading or lagging, it’s not been particularly reflective of the conditions that we’re seeing, what I will tell is, my take on the quarter is that we saw a pretty solid demands throughout. So I think things are relatively firm for right now, the one exception to that is obviously welding, we’re hopefully, we’re getting to close a bottom, but I can’t say that we’re seeing anything that tells us that, but beyond that the overall demand profile inside the company was pretty solid as we move through the quarter. So no big movement and certainly not any weakening as we move through the quarter.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah. I’d say it’s been pretty firm. I think it’s a little early in a quarter to call with one quarters worth of data, but I think again in the aggregate things were pretty solid through the quarter, look at our consumer facing businesses where the overall demand rates have been pretty solid going back, you know, four or five quarters now, I think we’re feeling good about where we sit in the kind of the overall demand picture that we saw in the first quarter. That being said it’s still a pretty choppy environment out there, but there was no new worry beats based on our first quarter performance that we saw across the company.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah, to answer to your question is there is really no way to factor weather in in terms of how it might have impacted our results relative to whatever you might call it normalized year. So which is a big reason why we usually don’t bite on any single quarter trends in construction as predictive or indicative of overall demand. I think what I would say is we certainly exited the quarter in pretty good shape there. And so I think we are not seeing anything slow down or ease up and we’ll hope it continues through the balance of the year for sure.
Ernest Scott Santi: No, we are not seeing anything slowdown. We are a bit of lager in terms of when our products are actually going on to the job it’s well after the start phase. So I think in terms of color the overall sort of macro view over there from the standpoint construction is things are heading in the right direction.
Ernest Scott Santi: Well, what I would probably say is that we are these were not a series of initiatives that we are all implemented simultaneously. So we are basically sequencing through. If you look at the progression that we laid out and we talked about this as early on that we were heavily focused on the portfolio, business structure simplification, sourcing we said all long had a ramp, if you remember that it was now famously known as the heat map from our first presentation. And then we had an initiative that was related to what we call business model excellence, which we’re applying the ITW business model to be scaled up much more focused businesses and so what we are seeing today is much more now of an impact from sourcing the layer stage stuff. So it wasn’t necessarily in all at once sort of level of execution across all those initiatives they were very intentionally laid out in the sequence because we had to get certain things done that will allow us to get to the next phase things. So some of the improvement that we are seeing and is just now sourcing and business model excellence starting to take over from BSS and the portfolio work that we did. And the other thing that I would say is you are starting to see some impact from incremental contribution from organic growth as we starting to make the pivot to growth. And Michael showed you a chart earlier, but if you look at that where we had the best margin performance in the quarter was in this the parts of the company that were generating most organic growth. So the elevated level of profitability and the incremental profit we generate and every dollar of organic is now starting to contribute as we move into this next phase of our strategy.
Ernest Scott Santi: Well to start with the last part first. The portfolio work that we’re doing at the product line level at some point is going to dissipate. I think we are - frankly we’re there is still a fair amount of that to do heading into ‘16. We won’t know what that looks like for ‘17 fully until we get into the planning cycle, but I would say we’re certainly moving in the direction of getting to the tailwind of that. And it will not be some ongoing maintenance that we do, but it will not be something we’ll talk about anymore. Won’t have a significant impact at some point. But it is a process that takes some time to work through. We have to move customers from product A to product B it’s not something that we can just - we just start selling something. So it does take some work and there is a process attached to it. But I would expect that number in ‘17 will be lower than it was in ‘16. And certainly by the end of the ‘17 it should be a non-factor. On the first part of your question we are sort of executing the plan that we laid out. We are - I can’t give you a number for how many crossed the transition line from preparing to grow to ready to grow in the first quarter, but we’ve got a lot of planning around hitting that 85% level by year end. And at that point those businesses start to change their focus to grow as I would certainly note that it’s not necessarily something where we look for an immediate ramp. But ultimately what it means is there is significant part of their organizational energy and effort 75% plus start to go into focusing on fully leveraging their organic growth potential. And from that we certainly expect a change in growth rate velocity inside those businesses. And we’ve already shown that in places like Food Equipment and Automotive that have been that furthest ones down the path.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah so Joe we feel very good about the first quarter, particularly if you look at North America up 5% and the equipment side up 4% service. From a product line standpoint, refrigeration and cooking are the big drivers this quarter. And then by end market it’s really healthcare and lodging continue to be solid for us. But really across the board, we feel very good about the outlook for the year. We have a number of new products coming in here in Q2. And so we’d expect that business to be up similar to last year in the 3% to 4% range as we talked about in the last call.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah what I would offer on polymers and fluids is it’s a basically an MRO business. Two thirds of it the third is the automotive aftermarket piece, the automotive aftermarket side of it they had a pretty solid quarter up 2%. I think largely how I would characterize the overall growth performance on the quarter is they’ve gotten to the end of a pretty extensive PLS process and are starting to now - the product line is much more stable than it’s been over the last eight quarters and they’re starting to now turn their attention more to growth. And so very pleased to see positive overall organic out of that segment in the quarter.
Ernest Scott Santi: Well. What I said was that the incremental profit from every dollar of incremental - dollar of organic revenue was the highest value opportunity that we had and really what we were focused on leveraging towards full potential not the percentage. And we’ve talked about incremental margin, so our target is roughly 35% going forward in terms of conversion to the bottom line from every incremental dollar of organic growth, that will vary up or down a little bit depending on the segment and if anything I would expect we would comfortably do that or be even a little bit better given the elevated levels of profitability that we’re now operating at.
Ernest Scott Santi: Like I said, I mean, we expect all of our segments to improve including Food Equipment, certainly good progress, but also more to come. And I think, we’ll give you - if you look at the schedule and the back of the press release you can see the various components. And so the margin expansion now is half is operating leverage and the other half approximately is the Enterprise Initiatives and within Food Equipments specifically, yes. So we’d expect that business to continue to improve.
Ernest Scott Santi: On the first question that growth target we talked about is it does not include the acquisition, that’s core organic and that’s our expectation both for ‘16 and our longer term growth target for the auto OEM segment. With respect to the balance of the year Michael talked about it before. The currency is there is no win in trying to forecast where currency goes. So we’ve always sort of use current run rates on currency. We use obviously at the quarterly levels they move around. So there is - we are not going to forward forecast where currency is going to be, Michael’s comment was that if everything stayed exactly where it was - two comments that I’ll repeat. One is that we are impacted by more than just the euro, Aussie dollar, Canadian dollar, also reasonably material factors, as is the pound. And then the other part of that is if everything stay exactly where it is and I don’t know if you marking the market today Michael but around right now that there is probably a few pennies of upside is on the full year basis. Who knows if that will happen and may go the other…
Ernest Scott Santi: I think generally speaking we are feeling like the first quarter was pretty solid, pretty firm. We have talked about this before, we are basically taking current run rates and projecting those through the year. And that’s how we derive our growth and earnings forecast for the year. So if things stay where they are today we’re in pretty solid shape.
Ernest Scott Santi: The drivers would be of variance from current run rates either better or worse than what we see today. So that would be the primary driver. I think on the things that are within our own control in terms of the so called self-help Enterprise Initiatives, we feel very good about continuing to execute the way we have for the last since we embarked on the enterprise strategy. So I think those are on the margin side very solid.
Ernest Scott Santi: I think here is what I’d say, I would say one of the real strengths of the company and we talked about this is really well balanced, diversified, high quality portfolio of businesses. And so if certain things are better than run rates in one part of the company it will offset in other pre-existing. And so I wouldn’t - I can’t go down the path by segment how we think about this.
Ernest Scott Santi: I think like we said earlier I mean Welding did decelerate in Q1 versus Q4. And when you look at the year-over-year decline, the more than half of that organic decline is oil and gas. So that is the main driver and it like we said earlier, we haven’t seen any signs that things are getting better there yet.
Ernest Scott Santi: Well the base case is take the order rates where you’re getting today on a daily basis and project them through the end of the year. The comps get easier as Michael said, but we are projecting no acceleration or further deceleration from here. And we’ve talked about that before we are a fast reactor we’re not a predictor on the future. So embedded in both our organic numbers and our EPS forecast is an assumption that demand stays exactly where it is today across all seven segments projected out through the rest of the year.
Ernest Scott Santi: Great. And that takes us to the top of the hour. We appreciate everybody’s time this morning and have an outstanding day.
Michael Larsen: Right, John. So you are headed down the right path here. So you have to look beyond just the euro and if you look at the changes in pound, Canadian and Australian dollar that’s when you get to the 3% translation impact here in the first quarter on the top-line and $0.04 of EPS headwind, which was right in lined with the assumption we had in our guidance. For the rest of the year that translation impact will at current rates as we sit here today will be lower and maybe if you headed down the path of EPS impact for the balance of the year, it is correct, but based on current rates as we sit here today not just looking at the euro, but at the other currency that we mentioned. If currency stays exactly where it is, things could turn out a little bit better. But as you know there is a lot of volatility in currency. So we have not included that in the numbers we gave you today.
Michael Larsen: I just say this, it’s a little bit better than what we had assumed and that’s as we sit here today. Let’s see where rates go from here. Like I said it could be a little bit better based on rates as they are today.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. So I think, you know, we talked about a tough comp in the first quarter due to the new programs launched in Europe and if you recall Europe last year was up 11% on builds of 1. So that comp will be with us for the year, but in terms of the year-over-year organic growth rate, as we sit here today looking at the typical seasonality Q1 is the low-point for the year and the organic growth rate on a year-over-year basis will improve as we go through the year.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. So we had as you said about half of the impact in the first quarter here the margin decline down 9%, which is a pretty significant organic, about half of that was restructuring related. We expect a similar impact here in Q2 and then improvement in the second half of the year on the margin side. And obviously, the comparisons get significantly easier in the back half of the year. So last year in the first quarter Welding was down 3%, which sounds like an easy comp, but actually it’s not when you look how the rest of 2015 unfolded. So the comps will get better as we go through this year based on current sequential trends that we look at we’ll see flat to positive in the back half and the margins will improve also in the back half we have another slug of restructuring to get through in the second quarter. And then for now hopefully the worst is behind us.
Michael Larsen: No David, we didn’t change anything by segment. So when we look at our internal planning like we said Automotive and as well as the other segments we’re right on track in Q1. And so we haven’t changed anything in terms of our outlook for the year by segments.
Michael Larsen: Yeah we are still focused on working the plan which is not - M&A is not a big priority. We have what we think is a terrific opportunity that we brought in, in this auto business. And we’re focused on getting that one closed. There is and we’ve talked about where these - where acquisitions fitting our strategy. This is we’re going to - we'll look at things that we think can further support to reinforce the organic growth strategies of our seven segments. And there is probably two or three little bolt-on floating around at any given time. But not a big priority, our big priority is continuing to move down the path of executing these initiatives internally. Getting ourselves very focused then on fully leveraging the organic growth potential for other reasons I talked about earlier. With the incremental profitability from every dollar of organic revenue growth is by far the most accretive thing we can do.
Michael Larsen: $500 million in line with the planning that we lead out. So think of the $2 billion as $500 million for a quarter is the way we’ve planned it out.
Michael Larsen: Yeah Deane so price cost like I said was 20 basis points for the quarter right in line with our planning assumptions, right in line with what we saw last year and that remains our assumption for the rest of the year nothing unusual again this quarter by segment everything is on track. So that’s the color I can give you.
Michael Larsen: The payback is on this project is typically less than the year this one is actually quite a bit better than that it’s primarily focused on North America. And we do disclose the last page in the press release lays out restructuring by segment and you can see the most significant one is Welding this quarter like I said there’ll be another series of restructuring here in Welding in Q2 and that we’ll kind of update you as we go through the year.
Michael Larsen: So it’s actually all cash, but not significant I mean you look at how much cash we generate this does not don’t think if it is having an impact on our capital allocation strategy.
Michael Larsen: No I wouldn’t say there was any pull forward in demand I mean the reason for the sequential decline is essentially all Welding. Typically in Q1 versus Q4 like we said we would expect our Welding business to be up 3%, I mean it was actually down 3%. Test & Measurement which is the other segment in here was essentially stable from Q4 to Q1. So it’s all Welding driven mix.
Michael Larsen: I think as Scott said earlier I think other than welding everything is stable and feels pretty firm as we start the year. In Welding we continue to see the impact on energy oil and gas which accounts for the decline on the international side, general fabrication is still challenged especially going into mining, agriculture heavy equipment. So the demand environment in terms of capital equipment going into the industrial economy we would describe as still sluggish and as Scott said we’ve not seen any sign yet of improvement at this point.
Michael Larsen: Yeah Mig that’s purely a comparison current run rate. So at current run rates if you run those out and you look at on a year-over-year basis that’s when you get 9% decline organic in Q1. You’ll get us another decline in Q2 and then stable to up in the second half, flat to up in the back half of the year at current run-rate. That can obviously change, but at current run rates given the comparisons year-over-year that’s what we would expect to see.
Michael Larsen: I’d say very consistent. And you’re seeing little bit of seasonality in Q1, but if you look at the first quarter relative to the first quarter last year, really solid working capital performance and nothing unusual. And just look at the free cash flow number 90% the average is about last few years has been 65%. So really strong cash flow performance again in the first quarter and keep in mind that we typically ramp up from here. So from a conversion standpoint this is typically our lowest quarter and then we will go up sequentially as we go through the year just typical seasonality. So nothing unusual in terms of working capital, continued strong performance.
Michael Larsen: So what I would say is 15.5% operating margin includes as you point out the 420 basis points of non-cash amortization expense, so you add that back, it’s about 20 it’s still on the lower end inside of ITW, we expect all of our businesses continue to improve margins some will as you saw more than others and I would probably put Test & Measurement in that category of more margin potential than some of the other segments. So we expect that segment to continue to improve on the margin side including in 2016 as…
Michael Larsen: So I wouldn’t - we’re not going parse it much more than what we did in the prepared remarks and what you can see on page six. And the outlook for the rest of the year in the Asia Pacific is growth rates very similar to what we saw here in the Q1 certainly encouraged by China Automotive of 6%, as well as continued progress on the - in Construction Products, which as may know is primarily Australia based. So that’s how we would describe that.
Michael Larsen: Europe, I think for the year we expect very similar again to Q1. So up in the very low single-digits based on current run rates.
Michael Larsen: Well I mean I am not sure how to answer that, other than what I said earlier in my prepared remarks and the response to Deane’s question. Price cost was favorable 20 points no change. And we expect it to remain at 20 basis points as we go through the year. And if that changes we’ll let you know over the next earnings call. But we don’t expect it to.
