Michael Larsen: Thank you, May. Good morning and welcome to ITW's second quarter 2016 conference call. I'm Michael Larsen, ITW's SVP and CFO and joining me this morning is our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi. During today's call, we will discuss our second quarter 2016 financial results and update you on our 2016 earnings forecast. Following our comments, we will be happy to take your questions. And so that we can accommodate as many people as possible, we will limit each Q&A participant to one question and one follow-up question. Before we get to the results, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the 2016 third quarter and full-year, as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 2015 Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for the first quarter of 2016 for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures. While we use very few non-GAAP measures a reconciliation of those non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Scott.
Michael Larsen: Well, Joe, if you look at it, we are assuming current levels of demand going into Q3 and the slight bump in overall year-over-year organic growth rate is due to the comps. So we’re assuming no acceleration in Q3 or Q4 at current demand levels.
Michael Larsen: Yes, it was a pretty steady as we went through the quarter on the monthly basis like we said pretty firm overall in the second quarter and we feel pretty good going into Q3 and Q4.
Michael Larsen: Yes, so what I can tell you in terms of accretion our view is that this will be modestly accretive in 2017. But let's get in there and take a look and make sure we give you a more accurate view than probably when we get to our Analyst Day in December we'll be able to give you a little bit more detail. But we just bought the business, we got to get in there and then we'll give you a more accurate view. 
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean David as Scott said, this is really a process that’s being orchestrated to vision all level. So we have 84 divisions at the end of last year, 60% of our revenues were in that ready-to-grow category. And we look at the progress every quarter and we are on track to get to the 85% ready-to-grow. So most of the company will be in a position to accelerate organic growth going into '17 and it’s a gradual timeline. So every month, every quarter divisions reach that phase of being ready-to-grow and that’s at the segment level we have different levels of progress based on when the segments really start to focus on the organic growth, strategy. And so it’s hard to really comment at the segment and the end market level beyond what we just walked you through.
Michael Larsen: And I would characterize as it is much more of a function of significant part of food equipment business reaching that ready-to-grow stage. It’s been there for the last year or so and just been in a position to be much more aggressive in terms of attacking our growth opportunities. The innovation pipeline there is terrific. That’s certainly is contributing, but it’s more of an end product of all the work that we’ve done to get the portfolio right get the business simplified and get it focused on its best growth opportunities.
A – Michael Larsen: Yes, the expectation through the balance of the year on the revenue side for welding and current demand rates were down mid-single digits in Q3and Q4. That slightly-- the rate is better because of the comps get easier, but we're – in our scenario based on what we're seeing right now, we're still expecting some further decline. From the standpoint of the incremental margins they should be certainly right in line; some of the benefits from the structuring charges that we incurred in Q2 should start to show up in Q3 and Q4. 
A – Michael Larsen: We are not completely done yet, so it wouldn’t be appropriate to comment on that. I mean, I think again we will expect no EPS impact here in the second half of the year neutral on EPS slightly dilutive our margins and then the next year modestly accretive with accelerating benefits beyond that.
A – Michael Larsen: Yes, I really don’t want to get into too much detail here. But in terms of Q3 versus Q4, we are just getting going here, Andy. And what I can tell you is for the second half based on what we know today we expect it to be neutral. And I don’t think it will be a big swing on a quarterly basis but I don’t know that for sure yet.
A – Michael Larsen: Yes. So I think China overall was flat with strong performance in Automotive. Auto up 13%, Test & Measurement fairly solid, low single digit growth some challenges you would expect on the Welding side and Food down slightly. But I wouldn’t read too much into that. So, overall a good quarter in China.
A – Michael Larsen: Yes, Steve our restructuring assumption for the year in that $60 million to $70 million range is unchanged. And we don’t expect any significant changes to that as we go through the Q3 and Q4. Even current levels of demand were at 60 to 70 and don’t see anything right now that would take it outside of that range.
A – Michael Larsen: Yes, let me start with the last one. I think the 20 euro frankly was a way back win at the beginning of the year. If there is a lot of volatility as you know on the currency side of things. And so while at current rates we would expect it to be less than 20 it’s really hard to put hard and fast number out there given all the volatility. On the intangible amortization, we expect that to continue to go down to two segments where we talk about this Test & Measurement and Polymers & Fluids it’s maybe something like 30 to 50 basis points of favorability on an annual basis in those two segments. So…
A – Michael Larsen: Yes, it’s certainly not like we’re getting to a level of maturity here. So, as you know, we have guided to 100 basis points of margin expansion this year and in '17 independent of volume and Scott talked a little bit about how much more potential we still have inside the company. Really the last year, if you recall, margins were up 180 basis points. We had a really strong third quarter last year. And so it’s really more of a comp issue than anything else. 
A – Michael Larsen: Yes, the best detail and the most detail that we give you, was in the appendix and the press release. Since if you look at Food total margin expansion 300 basis points 110 of that was from operating leverage. Similar to what you saw in Q1 as these businesses begin to accelerate growth you see really nice improvement on the margin side as a result. And then in addition approximately 80 basis points of enterprise initiative and other margin expansion and then restructuring was slightly lower this year versus the second quarter last year. And so we break that out in the press release by segment and total ITW.
Scott Santi: Let me try to hit all the points and let me know if I miss anything, right. I think overall our strategy is no different than how we operate the company day-to-day which is we are – we have a very - on a relative basis a very flexible cost structure, we are a fast reactor; we're not a predictor of the future. And I think as you’re seeing in welding right now we are certainly confident in our ability to react in an effective way to whatever sort of the cards, however the cards play out in Europe. I think right now and it's certainly reflected in our Q2results there we're not seeing anything yet it's obviously very early. But I think overall I don't really see any difference between sort of the kind of contingency planning we would do around the whole Brexit situation and the other contingency planning that we would do relative to global macroeconomic conditions generally in whatever region of the world. From an M&A standpoint, I think all I would say that go back to where we’ve talked about repeatedly which is the primary focus of the company right now is, is that we’ve got a collection in our view of terrific assets and our primary focus is operating the assets we already have to the best of our ability and there is certainly more runway to go in terms of getting to our – from where we are to what we view as our full potential. And the M&A we’re doing is really largely bolting on to one of the existing seven businesses that we have and as those opportunities, you know, if should other opportunities emerge at our good faith we will certainly not hesitate. But I think we are very convicted about our ability to continue to grow earnings, growing and continue to improve the operating metrics of the businesses that we own.
Scott Santi: No. It’s just way too early. I don’t think we’re going to panic and I certainly don’t think we want to try to anticipate what’s going to happen because nobody knows. But I wouldn’t go back to what I said earlier I think our view to react effectively quickly to whatever happens is pretty solid.
Scott Santi: Well, we’re – at the segment level, you know, within each of our segments there are businesses that are certainly there. I’m trying to sort of – it’s really hard to get at your question, I think clearly based on current performance autos very far along, for the equipment very far along I think we are making some really strong progress in the other five segments. And it’s not a matter of flipping the switch going from not ready to ready. It’s more of an acceleration overtime as more as of the division in five each segment make that transition. In my view is that we’ve – our second quarter results certainly reflect solid progress in the right direction and you can – we will - we expect it to continue to improve quarter-by-quarter. But it’s not a matter of – it’s not a matter of flipping the switch and going from not focus on growth to all in with both feet.
Scott Santi: Yes, I think the way I would characterize it is things pretty stable on a Test & Measurement side but no big and or even modest improvement in terms of underlying buying activity but certainly a solid stable performance. And on the Electronic side as we talked about some nice sequential improvement in the two sectors that you referenced. I think we want to see another quarter or two before we decide that that’s a long term trend. But overall it’s a nice improvement. 
Scott Santi: Now, I would say they’d probably play at a little more linear and sort of a typical integration. This is as we’ve talked before the application of 80/20 is in our quick fix. It’s a three to five year process from go to full integration. And I would say again we will have a better view of what we will be able to get down in '17 on this when we are a couple of quarters down the road. But I think in general I would - I think a more appropriate planning assumption would be a couple of points a year for the next five, then a big hockey stick.
Scott Santi: I wouldn’t characterize it as a test case. I think our track record even though it has been a while, I don’t think we’ve forgotten how to do this. We’ve been in many ways being doing this everything we’re going to do at the EF&C at all 84 of our other divisions over the last couple of years which is front to back we’re applying our 80/20 management system. So I think our methodology is inside the company is extremely well defined, extremely well proven. We have a fair all business running at mid-20’s EBIT margin and we’re adding this too. So I don’t think there is any sort of mystery of bag what we need to do and the process we’re going to use to make it happen.
Scott Santi: Very similar to the first half. So the way we plan this is at a very measured pace and if you go back and we’ve got a restructuring spend on the quarterly basis it’s very consistent in that $16 million to $17 million range and so that takes us to 60 million to 70 million for the year. And obviously that is included in our guidance. So we’re not adding anything back here.
Scott Santi: So, if you recall it in the back end of first quarter earlier this year, we were able to access a little over $1 billion, $1.2 billion of overseas funds that we’ve allocated to the share buyback program. And so that portion is done. And the comment was that the 800 million, the balance that takes us to $2 billion that’s really more of an – think of that as a more normal run rate for the company. And so that's our kind of our typical surplus cash flow that this year is being allocated to the share buyback program.
A – Scott Santi: Well, and you saw the slide, the second slide, really illustrates that point, right, where you look at our first half growth rate relative to last year in an environment that’s pretty similar. Good progress on the overall organic growth rate at the enterprise level.
A – Scott Santi: The answer to the second question is absolutely, I think some of the problems with these quarterly - with these quarterly calibrations are these are strategies that play out over the course of the year. So you’ve got a lot of things bouncing around. I don’t - sitting here right now I can’t say whether there is – there is a sort of what the top profile was in service and food equipment. But in general as you said we’ve got a lot of focus on service. It’s a great business and a great competitive advantage for us.  The other thing is that there is some PLS have a couple of parts of that business going on right now but my assumption is that if I look at it deeper but my assumption is that’s probably had some impact in Q2. 
A – Scott Santi: Yes, I think Mig if you look at the first half growth rates both international and North America kind of in the low single digits that’s probably a good way to think about the back half of the year. So we certainly don’t expect any acceleration on a regional basis and as you know we don’t run the company that way.
A – Scott Santi: Yes, Mig, I made some comments earlier really that this was broad based strength in terms of the product lines with refrigeration, warewash, cooking and the retail side with scales overall really strong performance across the board but as you heard equipment up 9% in North America.
A – Scott Santi: I don’t think – I wouldn’t say they are a lot different based on what I just said. We’ve got a highly competitive, highly differentiated product lines with great opportunity to grow and are now in a position to really focus on attacking that.
A – Scott Santi: Yes, I think Andy this was a Q2 that this year that look a lot like Q1 and a lot like Q2 last year. So we would say at the enterprise level and even at the segment level no significant changes on the pricing side.
A – Scott Santi: Well, we did one deal. So I’m not sure that we’re a market maker on or can give you a good feedback overall. It’s not something where I think we have enough of an active effort on to be a – to give you any good insight or input on acquisition prices generally.
A – Scott Santi: Yes, I think eventually it goes down to a level where it’s – whatever described as normal maintenance probably less than half a percent a year I think. I don’t want to get too specific here because as Michael said we stopped looking through the plating cycle. But the big lot of activity on this for the company over the last three years plus has really been around the portfolio strategy execution. Once we get it to where we wanted, it certainly becomes something that we do some minor pruning on an annual basis. But it’s not something that we even talk about it anymore at that point and maybe that’s a couple of years out from here.
A – Scott Santi: Well, I think I’ll just go back to what I said earlier. I think welding given the performance in the first two quarters, the contraction is certainly continuing on longer than - expectation is kind of the funny word because we tend to just react to the conditions that we’re seeing. But I think ultimately heading into the year given the kind of decline we saw last year I think we are hopeful that things were going to flatten out by the back half clearly given the first two quarters that’s not the case. But at some point it’s going to happen. And I think what we’re doing in the short run is managing the cost structure with some restructuring actions and other things we’re doing to, to do what we should be doing in the short term while preserving our position in our markets and certainly being ready to participate fully as things turn around up there. So I don’t – but at the same time, we’re performing better on margins, we’re certainly offsetting more than offsetting the impact of weldings having on the short term and that’s one of the values of portfolio of seven really strong businesses is we’re never probably going to have all seven going in the 100% in the right direction all at the same time. But we’re going to have enough of them around at the overall enterprise performance in whatever environment which is going to be pretty good darn good.
A –Scott Santi: Yes, we have to get through the planning process here in the fall. But I think it’s reasonable to assume that PLS will be less than '17 than in '16.
A –Scott Santi: I don’t think of that. I wouldn’t - given what we’re seeing I would certainly not call it a floor. I think, our expectation heading into the year was that – that was going to flatten out at some point in '16. And clearly that’s you know based on the first two quarters. We’re not seeing that. So I – I think we got to see what the future holds there a little bit. But our planning assumption is I think sufficiently conservative in terms of it's you know impacting the overall forecast for the back half of the year. But it’s still a pretty choppy environment and Michael gave you some numbers before down to 15% year-on-year in industrial oil and gas. Six quarters in here it’s still pretty challenging. 
A –Scott Santi: Yes. So Nigel as the price cost came in as expected as you point out and slightly favorable a 20 basis points again. And as you know maybe different from some other companies, price cost has not been a significant margin driver over the last three years. And I think what’s going on inside the businesses is really with the support from our strategic sourcing team. The businesses are closely monitoring the material cost side and taking appropriate action on the price side. And on both price and material costs, we’ve not seen any significant impact or any change in terms of the result in the second quarter. And so going forward we remain confident that we can continue to generate this type of modest price cost favorability on a go forward basis.
A –Scott Santi: Well, I think if welding continues to shrink 11% a quarter it certainly going to be a tough. It’s going to be a tough not to crack. But clearly that’s not our expectation. I don’t think it would be anybody’s expectation that’s a – that whole industry is a core part of the industrial economy around the world. We have a terrific position in it. They are certainly sort of the double whammy right now of oil and gas and slow industrial investment but all of that’s creating a lot of pent-up demand at the same time. So things going around in our history in welding is that coming out of these sort of down cycles in the market. There is 8 to 12 quarter run of some really strong recovery. I don’t think there is anything fundamental exchange in our view of in terms of the overall attractiveness of the welding market. And so I think in general what I would point to in terms of our – and our conviction remains unchanged in terms of our goal. We've worked really hard to shape this portfolio, so that we are operating in spaces everywhere where the product really matters to the customers as long as we continue to generate solutions that will help our customers serve their customers better. And we’ve got plenty of room to outgrow the underlying economy and we are not step off that a one bit in terms of our both our commitment to it and all the efforts going on inside the company to make that happen. 
A –Scott Santi: Yes, not a lot of overlap, it’s one of the attractive things about it both from a product line and a customers - from a product line and customer standpoint. In terms of the complimentary platform it probably gets a little too messy to try to get into in too much detail. Let me just say that they are similar to the current platforms we are in and that they are highly sort of value-added engineered solutions to specific OEM customer needs, some different categories in terms of the actual functionality. But largely the similar types of position that we have in our core business. So lot’s of opportunity to add those categories to the existing categories we have. I think what I would say is we will clearly spend some time on this in December and it would be more effective for us to do so then as we’ve had a couple of quarters worth of business under our belt. From a standpoint of PLS certainly my expectation is that we are going to have a fair amount of it there under our normal application of 80/20 less so related to dealing with overlap as I said it’s not a big issue. But we need to - and we have some initial views based on some of our due diligence but we certainly need some time to get in there over the next couple of quarters, and really look at it at a much more fulsome way. But it will be part of the mix for a while. Part of the margin improvement agenda there.
