Michael M. Larsen: All right. Thanks, John. So on Slide 13 and as a reminder, our forecast has IPG and discontinued operations and our 2012 comps on this page exclude Decorative Surfaces. So starting with the fourth quarter, we expect diluted EPS from continuing operations to be within a range of $0.85 to $0.93, which assumes total adjusted revenue growth of 2% to 5%, and organic year-over-year growth slightly higher than the third quarter. Keep in mind the typical revenue seasonality from the third to the fourth quarter. Fourth quarter restructuring is in line with the third quarter, and we expect a tax rate of approximately 29% in line with prior quarter guidance. As announced, we are actively repurchasing shares. And while we can't comment on the specific number and timing, we have plans to repurchase more shares in the fourth quarter than we did in the third quarter. So for 2013, we expect diluted EPS from continuing operations in the range of $3.56 to $3.64, with the midpoint of $3.60, up 12% from prior year and up $0.02 from our September guidance, primarily as a result of our third quarter performance. If you look at the walk at the bottom of the page, starting with our 2012 adjusted EPS of $3.21, base performance and initiative at $0.33 for the year and the other major positive driver here our share buyback program at $0.17 and partially offset by pension and restructuring, which takes us to our 2013 forecast midpoint of $3.60. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to John for Q&A.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. So what I'd say is we're working through the plans here for 2014. Obviously, if you look at our balance sheet and our strong cash flows, we're comfortable with what I would describe as quite a bit more leverage. And really to utilize that for the 50 million shares that we are going to buy back for the IPG-related divestiture. So that will be -- really be a combination of continued strong free cash flow. We had a good quarter here in the third quarter, as well as the sales proceeds and then additional leverage. That would keep us within a range of, I'd say we'd be very comfortable with and wouldn't have a significant impact on our ratings. So I don't have a firm number for you as we sit here today because we're still working through the plans, but that's kind of the framework we're operating within.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes, and I'd say there's really nothing unusual in here. I think if you go back and look over time, we typically see a 2% to 3% decline in revenues from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, driven by the seasonality in some of our businesses. And so if you take the flow-through on that, that really accounts for the majority of the margin decline here sequentially. I think year-over-year, in terms of margins, we're still going to put up some pretty good numbers, in part given some favorable comparisons. But this is really nothing unusual, kind of typical seasonality from the third to the fourth quarter.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes, I mean, we had some material deflation in the quarter in line with a little bit better than prior quarter. And then as the majority of the 30 basis points really came from the price line. And part of that is targeted price increases as a result of some of the PLS work done in some of our segments.
Michael M. Larsen: Well, I mean, obviously, the proceeds from the sale of the packaging business are largely going to be used to repurchase a portion of the 50 million shares that we've been talking about. So I think in terms of the financing kind of similar to the previous question, I mean, we're working through the specifics as we look into the fourth quarter and 2014, in terms of what we're comfortable with, in terms of the pace of the repurchasing of the shares here. And like I've said, I mean, we -- as we continue to perform well with -- on margins and free cash flow, as we look to increase our leverage here in the first half of '14. And then the third portion here is obviously the after-tax sales proceeds from the IPG divestiture. So all those things combined, as we look at kind of the timing and some different scenarios around the timing, are going to drive our repurchases here. What we said today was for the fourth quarter, we expect to repurchase more than we did in the third quarter. So we did 5.2 million shares in the third, and we plan to do more than that in the fourth quarter and we'll kind of pace it as we continue to perform well with free cash flow and we get better visibility to the timing around the sale, which we should add that we're very pleased with the progress so far. We're seeing a high level of interest and obviously market conditions for the financing for a potential purchase remain very favorable. And so all those things combined, we'll look at that and kind of lay out our plan. And we'll update you as we go through the year.
Michael M. Larsen: I'd say right now, we're looking at all the options as we get ourselves ready and finalize the plans for 2014. When the process of rolling up the annual plan from our segments, and that will certainly give us a view of the operating performance. And an outcome of that is our -- the details around our capital allocation strategy for 2014. The big parameters will remain the same in terms of organic investments and the buyback, looking at acquisitions to a lesser extent. And so we'll continue to look at all the parameters and button that up as we wrap up the plan here for '14.
Michael M. Larsen: So while I am CEO accepted, right? Well, then let me just say, Nigel, I'm excited to be here. I mean, ITW is an American icon. It's been around for over 100 years. A long history of strong performance operationally and financially. I'd say really a unique differentiated business model, a great set of businesses. And I really look forward to working with the management team here and on executing the strategy. If I didn't think the strategy was right, I wouldn't be here, okay? And so I really think that as we continue to execute well and there's some, I'd say, some early indications that we're making good progress, we'll continue to generate a lot of cash. And I look forward to working on the capital allocation. And again, the focus here is on creating long-term shareholder value. So it's a little early, but very pleased to be a part of this.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you, Michael. We'll now open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] We will compete the call at the top of the hour, so that leaves roughly 40 minutes for questions. We're now ready for questions.
John L. Brooklier: Well, you can expect us to give you an update on our enterprise strategies. I mean, that's first and foremost. That will be agenda #1 for us. Then we're also going to be looking at what underlying growth rates are going to be probably for 2014.
John L. Brooklier: The thing I would add is if you look at the North American numbers, Eli, I mean, North America basically down 1 with positive growth on the equipment side. So that tells you that clearly, there was a bigger falloff on the consumables side. We like the fact that the equipment side of the business has -- is still generating positive numbers, which is more of a sort of more of a CapEx story. So I think to the extent that Equipment has stayed up at higher levels for us is a good indicator longer term for the business. I mean, shorter term, consumables have been hit, which I think gets into the whole issue of what discretionary spending is -- what it's looking like in that particular category. But I think we like the long-term effect that or long-term implications for capital equipment in the business, which is the core of the business for us.
John L. Brooklier: John, it certainly wasn't the case in Q2. We came out first with our number and the question came up and competition was significantly more negative than us.
John L. Brooklier: Okay. Well, thanks, everybody. We appreciate you joining us for the Q3 call, and we look forward to talking to everybody again. Have a good day.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I would say that from the standpoint of overall margin, significantly more than 1/2 the improvement was what I would describe as structural cost improvement rather than revenue-driven. And from the standpoint of commercial activity in North America, what I would say right now is we're certainly encouraged by the uptick we saw in Q3, but I think it's a quarter or 2 more before we call it a trend.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I would say based on -- we have about 3 years worth of forward visibility in terms of new content that we are engineering and selling-in. And sitting here today, we feel pretty good about the next 2 or 3 years in Automotive, for sure.
E. Scott Santi: Well, sort of first question first. What I would say from the standpoint of enterprise impact in the aggregate, we are essentially right where we expect to be. We're tracking the plan. What we talked about a year ago was the fact that the business simplification was going to be more of a contributor towards the earlier half of the 5-year period, and the sourcing initiative was going to be a larger contributor towards the back half, and I think that's exactly how it's playing out. So out of the 80 bps of contribution, certainly, you can expect that more of that -- a larger percentage of that came from the simplification initiative in Q3. And again that's, I think, right in line with what we communicated when we announced this plan a year ago. We continue to build momentum in sourcing, and it's really made a meaningful contribution in the quarter. And I think we've said previously that our overall savings from sourcing will exceed our plan in 2013. As far as the long-term objectives, I think what we said all along was our goals were 20%-plus on both margin and ROIC. This was certainly a nice performance in the third quarter at 19%. I'll remind you that's a quarterly number, what we're -- what we have described in terms of enterprise goal is sort of annual performance, so we are clearly in the third quarter, from a seasonality standpoint, in a place where the revenue helps us in terms overall margins. So it's certainly nice to see the progress and the trajectory. We remain I think very -- very comfortable and very committed to the overall enterprise goals that I've talked about or that we've talked about a year ago. This quarter represents again some nice progress and some continuing momentum. We go back to the -- just the contributions from these initiatives over the prior 3 quarters, we had 40 basis points in Q1, 60 in Q2, 80 in Q3. So I'm pleased with the momentum, what we're building behind this. But ultimately, we're not at a place where we're declaring a new goal. I think the overall enterprise initiatives still are in place and are confident that by 2017, certainly encouraged by the progress we're making that the goals that we put in place are very achievable. I'll leave it at that.
E. Scott Santi: I think the biggest impact on a global basis is really the continued downshift in China away from the shipbuilding business. That was largely a consumable position. I think North America, the overall color is and you've heard this from a lot of our customers in terms of the mining industry, some of the heavy equipment manufacturers. That's really where a lot of the sort of market pressure has been. And I think ultimately to see the equipment business be slightly positive in that environment, we feel pretty good about.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I -- the way I would describe it is the real sort of volatility in terms of comps that we're dealing with relates to a single customer and what I would describe as a very one-off kind of situation last year. So obviously, a significant impact in the quarter when we're talking about almost 3 full percentage points of impact on organic growth. But I think we're very comfortable with the electronics business we have. We're not a producer of components. We are basically supplying mostly MRO-related products to that industry and where the sort of volatility as it relates to manufacturing equipment used in that industry. And on a go-forward basis, our intention is certainly not to -- or our expectation is we're not going to see this kind of volatility. We're not going to manage the business to either create or try to serve that kind of volatility on a go-forward basis. Another thing I would point out is that the core margins from an operating standpoint in the electronics business in Q3, even at obviously, a low point in the market of north of 20%, if you strip out the amortization and acquisition-related accounting. So from an operating perspective -- we had a lot of value in the business as we own in that sector, but our sort of intentions on a go-forward basis are, certainly, to manage it to -- in a way that we have much more diversity in terms of end customer and end market exposure.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think the Automotive business is -- when we talk about sort of rebalancing of the overall growth focus of the company, we've talked about it before and really shifting from a growth model over the last 20 or 25 years, that was over 2/3 acquisitive to on a go-forward basis now being 2/3 organic. I think the Automotive business represents a great example of what the rest of the company ultimately is in the process of becoming. We get there, in large part, through a lot of the portfolio work that we've been doing. So as we refocus the portfolio only on areas that have the ability to drive innovation as a core part of the market characteristics in which we operate, it really elevates, from the standpoint of overall impact on the company, our ability to have a certain amount of our organic growth within our own control through the amount of innovation that we drive.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think a little bit of all of the above. The European business, even the equipment sales, being positive year-on-year in Q3, was a nice step forward. And again some of that was driven back to the prior question on some new product launches in the warewash business in Europe. And what I would say overall in terms of Food Equipment, in terms of the sort of transition, that we've been on a fairly heavy focus around margin improvement in that business for the last 2 years. And I think largely, what this represents are some encouraging signs around our belief that now shift a much more focused business more front and center on a growth agenda. And one quarter in, it's important that obviously, we sustain it going forward from here, but I think it was -- we're very pleased to see growth in both the equipment and the service business in the quarter.
E. Scott Santi: Yes. What I would say about construction in North America is I think it was, probably, the bulk of the contribution was from overall market lift. As I've said earlier, it's an area that we are very focused around structural cost and margin improvement, so we certainly got innovation agenda there, but it's not one that is front and center at the moment.
E. Scott Santi: I think the overall focus is going to be we're going to provide some sort of drilled-down examples of this enterprise strategy in action, so to speak, in a number of our different businesses.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think I wouldn't expect any resetting of goals. We said from the beginning that this was a 5-year plan, not a 5-month plan, and we are still on track relative to the 5-year plan. And a lot of the sort of pacing is ultimately going to come much more from the economy than in the kind of tailwind or headwind we get as we move through this 5-year period than any opportunity to accelerate. I think one of the things we've talked in a few of these calls in different forms is that managing the pace of execution is a really important imperative for us. And we've got to make sure that as we are implementing a lot of these changes that certainly are positive in terms of the overall performance of the company, that we are still allowing our businesses the ability to digest those changes at a rate where they can still serve their customers and perform as businesses on a quarter-to-quarter and month-to-month basis. So I wouldn't look for any resetting of goals.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think you've got it. I think Automotive is the third major business for us over there. I think that's -- looks like certainly more of the same. Food Equipment, as I said before, we're encouraged and would feel even better if we see another nice quarter in Q4 heading into '14. And then on the Construction side, I think the market remains weak. And we also have an agenda there that's really focused, as I said before, around sort of structural cost improvement and getting the margins up to a level that are accretive to the overall company's goals. And so regardless of the market environment, we're going to make a lot of progress in Europe next year.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think directionally, I think there is -- what you have to keep in mind is there are some business structure simplification and sourcing benefits that are contributing, that if your time horizon is further down the path, these incremental margins are not sustainable once we've sort of developed or sort of generated the full value of the benefits from those initiatives. But on a core margin basis, we've, for a long time, targeted 35% to 38-plus percent incremental margins depending on the business. And I think that's a very -- that will be a target that will stay in place.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think -- a bit of this story is certainly some sequential overall improvement, but a big part of the overall results are largely driven by Automotive. And Welding's sort of a negative against the overall market pickup there. But in general, we saw modestly better results across the board with the exception of Welding. But in terms of the number -- the business really driving the overall percentage growth, that was largely Automotive.
E. Scott Santi: The first question, the U.S. is the easier of the series. But from a standpoint of equipment, as a percentage of the overall portfolio, we still remain about 60% equipment and 25% consumables and about 15% a variety of other accessories in Welding. From the standpoint of the overall consumable impact in China versus the rest of the world, I can't really give you that, but we can find that out and get back to you.
E. Scott Santi: And I was just going to add, just go back to the point John made earlier that despite a pretty tough market, we still got improved operating margins 90 basis points in the segment on down revenue.
E. Scott Santi: No, no. It's a business that in terms of the particular niches that we're in, we're very happy with the overall margin and return metrics in the business, but it's not a position that we expect to build out much bigger than it is today.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think there was a question along these lines after the second quarter, and I think you have to let everybody else come in and see. I think our -- there's been no shift in strategy for us. Our overall approach to Welding is really around where can we add value, where can we innovate, where can we do something unique and special for our customers. And ultimately as we've talked at length, there are large percentages of the consumable business that are -- where that's very difficult to do. And that's sort of by design our overall Welding portfolio, being much more concentrated in equipment, is how we get there but that's not a new strategy in the last quarter. That's been the strategy for the entire 20-plus years we've been in the business. So you can -- whether we're losing share or not in the third quarter, you can wait and see what other competitors report and make your own assessment at that point.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I wouldn't put it on a 6-month time line. I think the overall playbook, what I would point to, is, first of all, the underlying profitability. We make a lot of money in this business and I'm not going to compare what we do versus what other companies might have done because the businesses themselves are different. But ultimately, the overall margin and return profile says that this is a pretty good business. Now we've got to find some ways to manage this volatility issue much more effectively than we have. There's no question about that, and I think it's -- there's certainly some things we can do around that. It's not something that we're interested in seeing get huge inside the company, but it's a good position, where again from a standpoint of the overall return and cash flow metrics, it's a pretty solid business. So I think -- I don't think it's on -- I wouldn't want to imply at all they've some sort of 6-month do-or-die kind of program here. But ultimately, we're very clear and the management team running that business is very clear that we're going to find a way to manage this business in a much less volatile fashion going forward. And I'm pretty confident today that we're going to be able to do that.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think the comp issue is largely gone, we're going to feel just a piece of it in the fourth quarter, but nothing near what we saw in the second and third. So this was largely a one customer issue that was just some very large orders in 2012 that ultimately I don't expect to recur, I'll put it that way.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think the -- what I would say to that, Deane, is that I think we're very clear across the extended management team about what our growth priorities are and what our growth focus is going to be on a go-forward basis. What I want to be careful about though is sort of managing expectations around accelerating organic growth while we've got things like business structure simplification happening in a pretty major way. So from the standpoint of what I talked about earlier in terms of managing the pace of execution, the focus right now is really getting through the large part of BSS. Again, everybody is clear on a go-forward basis that we are going to be much more organic-centric in our growth focus. There are certainly businesses in food -- we talked about several of them in Food Equipment and Auto OEM that are further down the path in that regard. So it's certainly having an impact in terms of strategy and focus, but we're also not yet in a place where we're really stepping on the gas pedal hard because we're also working on these other initiatives that I talked about. So what I expect to see is a sort of prolonged acceleration over the next couple of years in our organic growth rate, not some immediate impact from this flipping the switch, if that makes sense.
E. Scott Santi: I think it's largely, from an R&D spending as a percent of revenue, I -- this issue for us is much more about the portfolio than it has been about any lack of investment in R&D and innovation. We have a patent portfolio of over 12,000 patents. We have had businesses like Welding and Auto OEM that have been investing heavily in customer-centric R&D for a long time. We've also had, prior to this portfolio move, about 25% of our portfolio were because of the sort of commoditizing characteristics of those businesses, the R&D spend has not been all that high. So from a standpoint of accelerated organic growth, the shift in portfolio focus is going to have a much bigger impact, in my view, than any need to sort of accelerate our spending or investment. We've never restricted our investment in R&D, but we've been very thoughtful about investing and only in places where it can really generate significant benefit. I'm sorry, Deane.
E. Scott Santi: Well, there's nothing that we're going to be announcing that's imminent that I'm aware of. I think the overall sort of strategy from an M&A standpoint is we're going to invest in businesses where we can use M&A to accelerate our organic growth rate. And I think the 2 that we did in the second quarter are good examples of that, where we're taking -- we're really positioning a couple of businesses that have some very strong organic prospects to expand those -- their ability to execute on those geographically. So it's certainly part of the conversation but much more down in the overall strategy at the segment level. And that strategy conversation starts with what's the organic growth focus and then, perhaps, how might we supplement that or accelerate that through some very targeted M&A.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I'll go back to what I talked about before. We -- the portfolio today on a go-forward basis is characterized by a number of businesses that have outgrown Industrial production for a long time. So if you look at Welding as an example, it's been a high single-digit organic grower for the 25-plus years we've been in the business through the cycle. Auto OEM business we've talked about, that's clearly a 400-, 500-basis-point above market grower. Test & Measurement has been another one that, at least, in the relatively short time we've owned it, has been a high single-digit organic grower. So there's already a number of businesses inside the portfolio that have absolutely demonstrated the capability to grow organically well in excess of the underlying growth rates in their markets. Keep in mind that we've been averaging that kind of organic growth in with about 1/4 of the portfolio for the last 5 or 10 years that have been basically given a 0 growth because of the commoditizing spaces and the negative year-on-year price pressure that you get in those kinds of spaces. So there's an element of just shifting the portfolio that gets us much growth here fundamentally organically. And then what I said before, I think the point that Deane was trying to make is we are absolutely shifting the overall growth focus from acquisitive to organic. And that's going to -- there's no question in my mind that that's going to help further accelerate the overall organic growth performance of the company.
