Michael Larsen: Well, I think Q1, Andy came in right along with our plan, really across the entire income statement and also on free cash flow. So Q1 margins expanded 150 basis points. That's typically the low point for the year. And so if you go back and look historically, you'd expect margins to improve from here in Q2 again in Q3 and Q4. And based on our current planning, we expect about 100 basis points of margin improvement year-over-year in each one of the remaining quarters. And actually, across our segments, we're seeing similar trends in terms of margins improving from here. We are -- if you look at kind of the bridge and we talk about this last quarter, as well we're certainly seeing some positive operating leverage from our organic growth this year. We're seeing at about 100 basis points of contribution from enterprise initiatives that's well within our own control based on projects and activities that are going on inside the company. We are starting to see price cost margin impact being positive. That really started in Q4.  And as you said, another step forward here in Q1, we expect that to remain positive for the remainder of the year. As you know, we've diluted margins about 250 basis points at the enterprise level over the last two years and maybe we'll recover about half of that this year, so maybe a little bit more than 100 basis points from price cost. And then the delta is what we talked about in terms of the investments that we're making to support our organic growth and including in our people. And so we are certainly seeing some increases there in terms of wages and benefit increases that everybody else is seeing. So that's kind of the margin picture for the year-end. I hope that answers your question.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think we're -- if you look at the -- what we talked about last quarter was about 25% of the company's revenues slowing down. And so just to maybe remind everybody, we're talking about residential construction. We're talking about commercial welding and the automotive aftermarket being down here in Q1 and kind of into in the low single digits. Our appliance components business and Specialty Products being down in the high single digits. And then semiconductor, we talked about orders coming down. We're now seeing that translate into revenues coming down in that 10% to 15% range, primarily in the Test & Measurement segment. So Q1 was actually in line with plan in terms of what we expected. We do expect some further slowing primarily in these -- this handful of businesses that I mentioned. And what I would just say...
Michael Larsen: Yes, that was in our plan, and that's included in our guidance and our plan for the rest of the year. I would just say there's a lot of strength in other parts of the company, obviously. The vast majority of our businesses are still seeing solid demand. We're always going to have some headwind and tailwind and it kind of all nets out to some pretty solid performance, as you saw in Q1, and we'd expect the same for the remainder of the year. I'll just say this, I mean, the environment, obviously, this is pretty uncertain at this point, things can change pretty quickly. But based on what we know today, we remain really well positioned to deliver solid performance here in Q2 and for the balance of the year.
Michael Larsen: Yes. From a planning standpoint, I think that's still a good assumption and in line with really what we have done historically.
Michael Larsen: I mean there is very little improvement from here on out. I mean, I think there -- it's really the growth rates year-over-year are more driven by the comparisons. So if you look at Q2 last year was there was a meaningful decline in -- or a lower number in auto builds that's going to be higher this year. So we will see some good growth in Q2 on a year-over-year basis. But sequentially, you're not going to see significant and certainly not an assumption baked in here in terms of significant revenue growth sequentially.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean I think as you point out, Jeff, we are not necessarily a backlog-driven company. And while backlogs have come down a little bit, they're still significantly higher today than kind of pre-COVID levels. So maybe not running at 2x, 3x, but at least 50% higher in businesses like Welding and Food Equipment where we're still seeing a fair bit of backlog. The other thing we talked about, Jeff, you know this as supply chain continues to moderate here in terms of the challenges we're going to see backlogs come down, and that's exactly what we're seeing across the company.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean I think we -- to answer your question, we're seeing a bounce back here in April, which supports a double-digit growth rate on a year-over-year basis in China here in the second quarter. We did see here in the first quarter, as you pointed out, particularly in January, several of our customers, the automotive OEMs as well as our restaurant food equipment businesses were slower to open up. So we were definitely down in automotive OEM. I think we said 5%. We were down in Food Equipment. Polymers & Fluids was also down kind of in that 15% to 20% range. And those businesses are all coming back pretty strong here in the second quarter. You'll see some big build numbers in automotive OEM in China. That business could be up significantly will be up significantly on a year-over-year basis. Also, the comps are easier here. So we're looking at a 40% to 50% growth rate in the automotive China business. Food Equipment is coming back, Polymers & Fluids, the Welding business. So it all adds up to something Q2 year-over-year up somewhere around 20%, which obviously includes the bounce back from January, and they're maybe a little bit slower than expected to be opening here in the first quarter.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think it's more of the latter, to be honest here. I think the industry has not really changed in terms of how these contracts are structured where you get a lot of price upfront. And so the key there is to continue to innovate and solve problems for customers in ways that nobody else can. And so as you win new programs and get new content on vehicles, that has to come in at a higher price. But in terms of the structure price tons every year that has not changed at this point.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think as you'll see, again, at Investor Day, there's been a pretty dramatic shift in that in what's been a very successful automotive business in China. The fastest-growing OEMs are our local to local Chinese OEMs and particularly on the EV side. And so will detail also at the Investor Day, some of the investments that we're making to support that growth and make sure that we have enough capacity and resources in terms of our innovation efforts to continue to win in the Chinese automotive business. So it is a very different business from 5, 10 years ago, but still very successful. And frankly, the organic growth prospects there in terms of above-market organic growth are really some of the best inside the company. So Joe, that's -- again, we'll spend a little more time on this at Investor Day, but we're certainly very optimistic on that business.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So I think it was a slightly negative price cost margin automotive in Q1 and like I said we’re expecting this to begin to turn positive here in the second quarter. We are seeing overall deflation on more of the commodities, including resins, nylon and acetyl those more basic commodities, those prices are coming down. And so that's part of what's helping us along with, like we said, new content coming in at higher margins. And so those combined will lead to the beginning of cost recovery, price cost margin recovery this year. But as Scott said, this could take two to three years. This takes a little bit longer in automotive OEM than in other parts of the company.
Michael Larsen: Well, so I think, Steve, we're seeing -- I wouldn't say we're seeing significant deflation at this point. It's just costs are not going up anymore. There's maybe a little bit of deflation, like I said, in kind of the basic commodities that we mentioned. On components, so assembled parts, machine parts that have labor content, I think the costs are going to be a little stickier there, again, because of the labor component. In terms of our planning, consistent with how we always do this, our planning assumptions are based on all known cost increases and decreases as well as the price that we have either implemented or announced, I think we are kind of lapping these more inflation-driven price increases, and we're kind of back to normal price increases.  In terms of will those price increases stick as material costs potentially come down. I think we have only 5% of our revenues roughly is tied to an index. So the vast majority we would expect to certainly be able to maintain our historical price premium and at the same time, we want to compete and we want to gain market share, which is really the -- one of the big priorities, if not the number 1 priority of our enterprise strategy, which is strategic share gains to consistently grow organic growth above market. So that's how I would -- I think we'd frame that.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean when you see something really unusual, the answer is usually price cost. So that's another segment that's been hit really hard over the last two years, actually, a little bit more than the automotive segment from a margin standpoint. And here, what you're seeing is we are beginning to recover the margin impact, which is what we talked about is about to start happening in the automotive business. So that combined to positive price cost combined with a significant contribution from enterprise initiatives actually above the average of the company. I think they were the highest inside the company at 170-odd basis points of contribution of enterprise initiatives. So those were the two big drivers in the construction business. And what's really encouraging is as we look kind of forward, this is not a onetime kind of Q1 impact, we expect to -- based on what the team is telling us to sustain those margins in the high 20s, which is pretty remarkable when you think about where we started pre-enterprise strategy somewhere around 12%. So we expect to sustain those high-20 margins certainly in the near term and medium term.
Michael Larsen: And actually -- so of course, we looked at this. I mean, I think we're very close to what we told you on our last call when we gave guidance for the full year. We are seeing a lot of strength in automotive, food equipment, test and measurement, welding, construction, maybe a little bit better than what we had planned. But overall, kind of grand scheme of things, we are right in line with the assumptions that we gave you at the enterprise level when was that, 3 months ago, yes, last quarter.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think 90 basis points from price cost and is not -- that's not your normal contribution. So I think we'll have -- based on what we know today, another similar contribution in the second quarter and then it will come down in the second half of the year just as we run into some of the comparisons around price.  But like I said, net-net, we -- you would expect somewhere around 100 to 150 basis points for the full year in terms of price-cost margin, in fact, based on what we know today, which obviously, there's a fair bit of uncertainty in the environment. But based on what we know today, that would be the expectation.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think and Sabrina, the way maybe to think about it is there's a lot of strength in the more capital equipment businesses, food equipment, test and measurement, welding, there's a lot of strength in the automotive business on the top line, which is kind of on its own cycle. And then the more consumer-oriented, more interest rate sensitive and then semi is where there is some softness. And we've been calling out that softness really if you go back and look. I mean, since last summer, we started to see a slowdown in in construction, and it's played out in Q1, at least exactly like we thought it would. And so far, Q2 is off to a pretty good start.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think it's really across the enterprise. So it's -- we're not favoring one segment over another. Every business, every operating unit inside the company has significant organic growth opportunities in front of them, and they make the decisions in terms of where to allocate headcount and or to add headcount to support in support of their organic growth strategies. So there's not really one or two segments that are favored over another one. It's -- every 1 of our 84 divisions like I said, have significant organic growth opportunities in front of them and they're going after those by investing in innovation, commercial resources and capacity to support those customers.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean, this is all part of our -- you look at our long-term incremental margins in that 35% to 40% range, that’s after making all the investments necessary to take full advantage of the organic growth opportunities that are in front of us.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean there's certainly some inventory correction going on this quarter or last quarter, we saw that -- and again, it's not like we're selling directly to the consumer. These are all B2B businesses, but the end market, the end consumer or the end customer is a consumer. And those are the ones where we're seeing a little bit more softness, as you said. So I don't know if I have a whole lot more I can add to that.
Michael Larsen: No. I think last quarter, we -- on this call, we talked about 49 51. I think it's still kind of in our planning assumption, 49%, 51%. And again, I'll just reiterate, that's based on what we're seeing today. I think there's a fair bit of uncertainty that everybody is dealing with right now. But that's kind of our -- that's our base planning assumption. And like I said, so far, Q2 is off to a good start.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think we've gained a lot of share in this business based on our ability to service and supply our customers with lead times when others maybe struggled. I think there's really nothing unusual going on in terms of the recovery, the equipment side, we'd say we have largely recovered at this point. And then on the service side, we're still picking up momentum, maybe an area where we're a little constrained in terms of our ability to take care of everybody on the service side. But overall, we are continuing to see some really strong demand trends in this business. This is an area we're talking about backlog earlier where the backlog is 2x normal levels, which gives us a little bit more visibility than what we're normally we were used to.  In terms of the end markets, as you know, our business is more focused on the institutional side, and we're seeing a lot of strength there, whether it's health care or education or lodging but also restaurants up 30% plus. I think we said this in the prepared remarks. So overall, really a lot of solid momentum here.  China was a little softer in Q1 as we talked about, I think that business was down about 20%, and so that's going to come back here in Q2 and for the remainder of the year. But certainly a business that's performing at a very high level, including on the margin side, it's really encouraging to see the margins back in in the high 20s again. So overall, I think a solid quarter and really well positioned for the remainder of the year.
Michael Larsen: The latter, the answer is yes, that's the current planning assumption that margins continue to improve from here on out in automotive. I think North America, you can't read too much into the quarterly build numbers. But if you look at overall builds were up, I think, about 10% in North America in Q1. But as you know, we are more concentrated with the D3 auto OEMs. So those -- they were up I think, about 2% in the quarter. So I don't think that has a significant margin impact necessarily. As I think we've talked about before, our margins are pretty comparable across customers as well as by geography. So not a huge mix issue, if you want.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think what we talked about during on the last call was our guide of 3% to 5% organic, we expect that being organic growth in the first half of the year being closer to 5% and the second half closer to 3%, and that's really more of a comp year-over-year phenomenon than anything else. There's no assumption here built in, in terms of things accelerating in the back half. Our typical seasonality is Q1 is kind of the low point from a revenue standpoint. Q2, we see a step up and then again in Q3. And then Q4 is kind of similar to Q3. So that's -- again, those are the planning assumptions based on what we're able to kind of extrapolate as we sit here today. I would just add to I'd just add, they haven't changed. I mean I think Q1 came in right along with our expectations. And so we're kind of still right in line with that full year plan.
Michael Larsen: Yes. Maybe with the exception of the one business we talked a lot about today, which is the automotive OEM business, that's just beginning to recover we do expect that one to pick up here starting in the second quarter and then again in the second half of the year.
Michael Larsen: Well, general and industrial demand for Test & Measurement equipment remains really strong. I think I mentioned Instron up 22%, another plug for our Investor Day, MTS, which will give you kind of a progress report was up 14% year-over-year in Q1. So those businesses are even more in line with some of the numbers that you were quoting. And really, the only challenges here are on the semi side, which is only about 20% of the segment.  And like we said those semi revenues are now down in that 10% to 15% range in Q1. We expect some further softness here in Q2 in that part of the business. But overall, I mean, I think organic growth of 6% and our margins kind of in the mid-20s after digesting a lower-margin acquisition and some really good progress in this segment.
Scott Santi: Yes. I'm not sure, Jeff, the exact comp that you're referring to, but I think it's safe to say that auto margins, we see a low to mid-20s business over the next two or three years. And it's a combination of great growth prospects there. The fact that all the new programs that we add are margin positive and in fact, just to put in a plug for our Investor Day in a couple of weeks, we're going to spend some time detailing out sort of the margin path in auto in more substance.
Scott Santi: And I'd just point out, following up on Michael's comments that our auto business still outperforms the peer benchmarks by a margin factor of 2.5x the returns on capital we generate are absolutely terrific and right in line with what we do also in the company. So from a long-term standpoint, these are short-term issues that we'll deal with, but it's not terrible by any stress. The business still performs really well.
Scott Santi: And I'll just add that I can reiterate something you said before, which is in all cases, those investments are self-funded, i.e., margins in every segment will continue to go up.
Scott Santi: That we will be featuring food equipment as one of the segments at our Investor Day in a couple of weeks, just to make another plug for that event.
