Christopher O'Herlihy: No. I would just, I guess, accentuate the point of differentiation aspect of the service business within food with unique captive manufacturer. And this is a necessary investment at this point to capitalize on what is an undoubtedly stellar growth opportunity on the service side for us. 
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. And Steve, I suppose just to support that, I mean, this is very much an improvement plan that's on track to get back to the low to mid-20s margins by 2026, as we outlined at our Investor Day, largely through a combination of, over that time, volume recovery, enterprise initiatives, and higher-margin innovation. So both in '23 and again in '24, we're very much tracking on that cadence with respect to what we outlined at our Investor Day last year. 
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. In Test & Measurement and Electronics, I would just add that there's an extremely fertile environment for innovation, which will underpin margin progression going forward in that segment. 
Michael Larsen: And then on Specialty, the organic growth rate here was really driven by large equipment orders and the timing around those in 2 of our businesses in Europe. What we're trying to articulate on a go-forward basis is that we still expect meaningful PLS, product line simplification, as we move forward and strategically reposition this business for 4% plus growth on a consistent basis. And so we still expect a meaningful impact from that as we move forward. And I think kind of what we're saying is don't count on 6% organic growth as we move forward. We had guided to this segment at our last call to be down 1% to 3%. And so please keep that in mind. And the same is true for the margins. I mean, I think what you're seeing here on the margins is what happens when we get some growth in these businesses and the operating leverage here contributing in a meaningful way to 29.7% operating margins in the Specialty segment. I think that is not -- on a go-forward basis, that's Q1, both growth rate and margins are a little bit of an anomaly, and I think we expect to return to more -- still very profitable margins kind of in the high 20s, but maybe not something that starts with a 29. 
Michael Larsen: So Tami, as you know, we don't give quarterly guidance. What I will tell you to try and help you out here a little bit is that if you model kind of current levels of demand or run rate, as we call them, into Q2, what we're typically seeing is a step-up in revenues in the low single digits from Q1 to Q2. And in Automotive OEM, actually a meaningful improvement in the builds from Q1 to Q2, an increase in the low to mid-single digits there as well. So you will see slightly higher revenues in Q2. And given that the comparison gets easier on a year-over-year basis, we were up 5% in Q1 last year, up 3% in Q2, it is certainly possible that we'll see slightly positive organic growth here in Q2. But the more meaningful step-up really starts in the second half of the year, which is kind of what's implied in our guidance here. So think about it maybe as kind of flattish in the first half, maybe slightly positive in Q2, and then an improvement in the second half of the year, as the comparisons year-over-year improve by 4 points relative to the first half of the year. So in the second half last year, revenues were essentially flat, and at current run rates, you'd expect to see positive organic growth rates in the low single digits in the second half. And I might just add for those keeping track that there are 2 extra shipping days in the second half this year compared to the second half last year, which at least mathematically should provide some additional revenue growth for us. 
Michael Larsen: Well, what I would say, Tami, is that we're really pleased with our first quarter operational performance here, as you saw in the margin rates. And if you exclude the onetime item, 140 basis points from initiatives, 120 basis points of overall margin expansion, and margins at 25.4% is a pretty significant accomplishment here for the first quarter. And we do expect, as we typically do going through the year, that margins improved sequentially from here on out. So you should see a modest improvement sequentially from Q1 to Q2, and then again into Q3 and Q4. The only thing I would highlight as you think about the second quarter is, similar to last year, we do expect some higher restructuring expense in the second quarter, and these are all projects that are tied to a typical 80/20 front-to-back projects. These are not tied to any concerns around volume growth whatsoever. I don't want you to think that this is pure planned restructuring for the second quarter. And as I said, just real quick on Q1, again, 5 of 7 segments improved margins in the current environment, including with revenues down in 5 of 7 segments. And we expect, consistent with our bottom-up planning process here for the full year, that every segment will improve margins as we go through the year and on a year-over-year basis. 
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think as you pointed out, Steve, the big driver is obviously our Automotive OEM business, up 23%. And the team there is doing a great job growing content on new vehicles, including on the EV side, and gaining market share. Even excluding those, as I said, China was still up 7% year-over-year. Strong contribution from Polymers & Fluids. Some of that is tied also to market share gains on the EV side of things and the bonding of some of these batteries in the assembly process, where we have a really unique and differentiated product. Specialty products also contributed. Test & Measurement grew and Food Equipment. So across the board, really solid performance in China.  And moving forward, we'd say that looks pretty sustainable as we go into Q2, and then the second half, the comps get a little bit more difficult. But as I said, for the full year, China should be up in the mid- to high-single digits here, which is certainly encouraging. And again, I think it speaks to kind of the benefit of being as diversified from a geography standpoint as we are. And so certainly, some challenges in the first quarter in North America, but offset in Europe and in China, which is really a big benefit for us. 
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean, I think, I wouldn't expect a lot of regression from where we are. These are absolutely sustainable here in the 19%-plus range. And I think that's probably where we'll end up for the year, maybe a little bit better in the back half. Some of that depends on the build assumptions. There might be a little bit of restructuring here in the second quarter. But big picture, I'd say, Automotive, really solid progress here on a year-over-year basis. We expect full year margins in the 19%, almost 20% range, an improvement of 240 basis points on a year-over-year basis, and lots of room to go as we work through our margin enhancement plan. 
Michael Larsen: Yes. So nothing unusual in terms of the margins in Q1, and sustainable, but lots of room for improvement from here. 
Michael Larsen: I think, Andy, you're right. We don't want to update our guidance for the segments every quarter. And what I will tell you is, given our portfolio, there's always going to be some puts and takes. And I think that's, again, I just talked about the competitive advantage with being as diversified as we are geographically. And the same is true when you look at this portfolio of businesses. You're always going to have some things that maybe are a little more pressured from a market standpoint in the short term. And those are typically offset by segments that are performing a little bit better. And it all kind of evens out to that 1% to 3% organic growth guidance. So I'm not really going to go through segment by segment here, but I'd say there's definitely some puts and takes, but overall, not too far off from what we talked about on the last call. And certainly, our full year guidance, we're firmly on track to deliver on that. 
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think the big driver here is really the comparisons year-over-year. That's driving the growth rates as we go forward. And so just like I said, for the total company, for Welding, it's also true that as we go through the year, these comparisons get easier. 10% growth in Welding in the first quarter last year is obviously not a sustainable growth rate. And so it wasn't really a big surprise that organic revenue was down 3%. I'd say on a positive note, and this is true not just in Welding, but across the board, last year, we dealt with some meaningful headwind from excess inventory at our customers and in the channel. And to the point of magnitude, a percentage point of drag on the organic growth rate last year, that is essentially behind us at this point. So that's kind of the positive news across the board, including in Welding.  And then we're back to a normal pricing environment. We've got an exciting lineup in terms of new products that are being launched here in the near term. And so you put all of that together, and we feel really good about the outlook here in Welding. Top line, obviously, but maybe I will just highlight the margin performance again. The fact that with revenues down, margins at 32% plus, operating margins is really strong and speaks to the focus that we have on really quality of growth over quantity of growth. And the team is executing well on that plan. 
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think there's not a lot of change from what we talked about on the last call. We are maintaining our operational guidance here kind of big picture at 1% to 3% organic growth. There is some positive operating leverage. We expect slightly more than 100 basis points of enterprise initiatives, which is based on the strong performance here in Q1 at 140 basis points. Price/cost has essentially normalized at this point. So there is some modest favorability from price/cost as we go through the year. Maybe a little bit more in Q1 versus the back end of the year. And then we have done a good job, as we talked about on the last call, managing some of the cost pressures from an inflationary standpoint around employee-related cost benefits. That used to be a headwind. Order of magnitude, we used to talk about 150, 200 basis points, and that's right around 100 basis points of margin headwind now. And then the last thing that I would add is just the accounting change. So factoring in the LIFO accounting change in Q1, that's how you get to that 140 basis points of margin improvement for the full year and the new range of 26% to 27%. 
Michael Larsen: Well, so I think it's a little bit of a mixed picture there. I think last year, we talked a lot about the challenges in the semi-related businesses. Last year, those were down order of magnitude 20% to 25%. Now -- we're talking about just to kind of size things. These businesses represent about 15% of the Test & Measurement and Electronics segment, 3% of total ITW revenues. So just to kind of put things in context. The positive news is that the semi markets appear to have bottomed out. So this is no longer a drag on the overall growth rate of the segment. They were actually maybe slightly positive here in Q1, but the inevitable recovery has been deferred. And so when exactly that will come, whether that's in the second half or next year, is hard to tell. It's not factored into our guidance, as we told you today. And then we're seeing a little bit of what I said in the script, a little bit of pressure in the electronic assembly side of things. So this is maybe more tied to consumer electronics, and that's what drove electronics being down 8% here in the first quarter. 
Michael Larsen: I mean the big driver in Europe here from a dollar standpoint was the Specialty Products, these 2 equipment businesses here, and the timing around some of those orders, as Specialty was up 20% here in the first quarter. But overall, I'd say pretty stable. Automotive was up 2%, Test & Measurement and Electronics up 5%, Food Equipment about flat. That's a little bit of an anomaly that will return to more positive growth as we go through the year. And then smaller businesses. Welding down a little bit and Polymers & Fluids down a little bit. But overall -- and then Construction obviously remains a drag internationally as it has been for well over a year at this point. So Construction was still down double digit here in the first quarter. But overall, 1% positive organic growth in the first quarter in Europe. 
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think overall, actually, if you think about Construction, the performance in North America I think is a good example of illustration of how the business is outperforming in a very challenging down market. Only to be down 3% in a market that, if you look at all the key metrics, is certainly down a lot more than that is pretty impressive. Residential/remodel, we said down 1%. I mean the home centers are actually down a little bit more than that. And on the commercial side, to your question, that continues to be soft. The commercial side is down. I mean, it's a fairly small part of the overall business, about 20% of the global business, maybe even a little bit less than that. That business was down in the low teens here in the first quarter. But overall, pretty resilient performance in a challenging market, and we expect that frankly to remain that way as we go through the balance of the year. If you look at our guidance last time we were together, we said we expected Construction to be down 1% to 3% and I'd certainly put them in that category. And then what's really helping drive some of the performance here is the margin performance. Again, for our Construction business to be delivering 29% plus margins is pretty remarkable without any volume leverage. 
Michael Larsen: The short answer is yes. And I think one of the reasons, as I said in the prepared remarks that Test & Measurement margins were down in the first quarter is really the strong performance of the MTS business, which grew at 20% plus organic, which is certainly great performance. But due to the fact that we're only 2 years in, in terms of implementing the ITW business model, margins are in the mid-teens in that business. And so there's a negative mix effect that diluted the margins in Test & Measurement by about 250 basis points. Now as we go forward, starting Q2 and then through the balance of the year, we do expect that margins will improve from here in the Test & Measurement and Electronics segment. If you just look at kind of where we were historically, we're going to be back to kind of the mid-20s here for the full year is the current expectation. So like in every segment, including in Test & Measurement and Electronics, we expect to improve margins on a year-over-year basis. So... 
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think if you look at the free cash flow conversion, it's actually pretty close to kind of normal seasonality. Working capital, if you look at the inventory, it's certainly a decline on a year-over-year basis. It looks like an increase from year-end in Q1. You have to factor out this LIFO inventory accounting change, which added $117 million of inventory in the first quarter. If you do that, you'll see that inventory was actually flat in the quarter relative to year-end, when typically we see a 5% increase or about $85 million of inventory increase in the first quarter, which the team was able to offset. Now that said, our months on hand are still elevated relative to pre-COVID levels. And so pre-COVID, we were in the low 2s months on hand. We're right around 3. Certainly, some improvement, but we believe that there is a lot more opportunity here to drive those inventory levels back to kind of pre-COVID levels given that supply chain has normalized. And so as a result of that, you should expect continued strong free cash flow performance as we go through the year. And that's consistent with the guidance we gave today, which is a conversion of 100% plus for the full year. So I think overall kind of typical performance in Q1, and more to come as we go through the balance of the year in terms of reducing our inventory levels, which will result in strong free cash flow, as you've come to expect from ITW. 
