Scott Santi: Thanks, Karen, and good morning, everyone. As you saw from our release this morning, in Q4, we delivered a strong finish to a year of high-quality execution in the face of some pretty unique challenges in the operating environment. Starting with the top line organic growth, was 12% as all segments delivered positive organic growth, and five of our seven segments grew double digits, led by Auto OEM, up 20%, Food Equipment, up 17%, Welding, up 15%, Polymers & Fluids, up 11% and Test & Measurement and Electronics, up 10%. Construction Products was up 4%, and Specialty Products was up 3%. Operating margin expanded 210 basis points to 24.8%, with 110 basis point contribution from enterprise initiatives and favorable price/cost margin impact of 70 basis points, which was for the first time in nine quarters -- which was favorable for the first time in nine quarters.  Incremental margin was 52%, and operating income grew 18%. GAAP earnings per share increased 53% to a record $2.95, including $0.61 of gains from divestitures and $0.12 of negative currency -- excluding $0.61, sorry, of divestiture gains and $0.12 of negative currency EPS growth was 27%. For all of 2022, the company delivered organic growth of 12% for the second year in a row, best-in-class operating margin of 24.4% in our base business, after-tax return on invested capital of 29.1% and record GAAP EPS of $9.77, an increase of 15% versus the prior year.  There's no question that our decision to stay invested in our enterprise strategy and then our people throughout the pandemic and the quality of our team's execution of our when the recovery focus coming out of it are powering the strong growth and financial performance, ITW is currently delivering. As a result, we are very pleased with our momentum and positioning heading into 2023. Turning to our 2023 guidance. Demand remained solid across the majority of our portfolio, and we are seeing meaningful improvements in supply chain performance and moderating input cost inflation. At the same time, there's no question that the economic outlook, let's call it, remains certainly dynamic. As a result, our organic growth projection for 2023 of 3% to 5% and our EPS guidance of $9.60 at the midpoint reflect current levels of demand and a risk adjustment for further slowing in certain end markets. And Michael will provide more detail on that in just a minute. Before I turn it over to Michael, I want to again thank my ITW colleagues around the world for their extraordinary dedication and commitment to serving our customers and executing our strategy with excellence.  Michael, over to you.
Scott Santi: I would just add in terms of perspective that I think one of the real strengths of our operating methodology and our business model is it's there's no one definition of perfection. There is always room to get better. We use the business model as the core tool that our 84 divisions used to identify and prioritize opportunities to get better. And I don't see that stopping for quite a while.
Scott Santi: Yes. First of all, Jeff, thank you for noticing. The -- what I would say in terms of just the arc of the last decade, we've been on this is that clearly, for the first five to seven years, we had a lot more work to do inside the businesses to get ourselves in position to grow. And what we're delivering now is much more about businesses that are from an operational standpoint, a lot closer to 80% or 90% of their potential. And so a lot of -- which allows a lot of our effort and attention and just to be reallocated to commercial opportunities to grow. And that's ultimately what is showing up now. We have a lot more sort of energy collectively being devoted to growth opportunities because we've gotten the internal -- the operational position of these businesses firing in sort of in a really strong position. And so it's -- you can't be great at everything all at once. It's part of, I think, what we would reflect that over the last decade and one of the real secrets to the outcomes we've delivered in my view is that we've been focused on the right things at the right time and have not tried to do too much at any stage. But we're clearly now at a stage where organic growth is the 80 of what we've got opportunities to do and what we've got to deliver on going forward. And I think that's reflected in the numbers that we're currently throwing off.
Scott Santi: That's exactly the way we do it. We are self-funding our growth investments through our incremental margin contribution. So at the 35 historical and targeted run rate, that is -- that includes -- that's after those incremental investments in growth. We're investing in capacity now in a really significant way in headcount in the areas that help us grow and supporting innovation. And we're still going to deliver of 100 bps of margin improvement next year. So that just illustrates the point of these businesses are so profitable that every incremental dollar of revenue that we generate organically drives a lot of incremental cash flow and certainly to support that we're going to invest some of that, but it doesn't impair our belief that we're in a good chunk of it to the bottom line.
Scott Santi: Yes, maybe just a little color on top of that, that's more sort of topical near term. What I would say generally is that we are not looking to acquire broken businesses, we're looking to acquire good businesses and help them be great businesses. And in environments where the sort of economic -- the macro is uncertain, those good businesses, it's really not a good time to sell. So if anything, I'd say the environment until the macro trajectory gets a little bit more clear, I would expect that the opportunities might be a little less than normal this year, at least through the first half, but we'll see.
Scott Santi: Yes. I guess I'll -- my response would be that there's no way that we can break this apart into various pieces. What I can say is that the proof is in the pudding. Ultimately, it's in the performance and our ability to consistently outperform. We're not claiming victory here. We're not -- we've got a lot of room to go across the company in terms of our ability to consistently deliver the kind of organic growth that we're capable of. But what we are saying is that we put a couple of years on the board, where we are growing our peers in the aggregate. Now what percent of that is our market exposures versus theirs or different approaches to pricing or supply capability? I'd say all of the above. In the end, it doesn't matter as long as we're able to consistently outgrow our peers and outgrow our markets and that's really the goal.
Scott Santi: The commercial side is hanging in there. As I said, it was also our strongest business in the summer after the pandemic.
Scott Santi: Part of the advantage of the different end market exposures that we have. And we can -- we're always going to have some in the tailwind mode and some in the headwind mode, but the net mix of it all is pretty positive. So...
Michael Larsen: Okay. That was a lot there, Jamie. I'll do my best, okay? So, I think the color on semi is really the -- we're coming off a three year very strong growth cycle with growth in the high teens or better than that over those three years. And we are starting to see a slowdown in the order intake really in Q4.  So, it hasn't really showed up in our numbers in a meaningful way yet, but we do expect that to continue into 2023. We think it's more of a near-term slowdown. And like you said, that is the addition to the portfolio we've said before, 20% is slowing. Demand is slowing now. It's 25%, and semi is really the incremental 5% this quarter. But it's important to keep in mind that the balance, the other 75% of the portfolio, continues to perform at a really high level. And I'll just point to the 12% organic we put up in Q4 and for the full year. And then if you look at our guidance on Slide 10, by segment, you can see mid- to high single-digit growth in Automotive OEM, Food Equipment, Welding, mid-single digit in Polymers & Fluids and then a little bit lower in Test & Measurement. And then of course, Construction is the one that's a little bit projected to be down year-over-year and Specialty about flat. I'll also say, if you just look at from Q3 to Q4, we -- typically, our sales per day go up 2%, we actually went up 4%. So, we're more than offsetting some of the slowing that we're seeing in 25% of the portfolio. So good momentum, really well positioned going into next year. I think on the price/cost side, we were really encouraged. We talked about this on the last call and an expectation of being positive -- slightly positive on margins on price/cost in Q4. This was a little bit better, driven by both sides of the equation really price and cost, but it was certainly great to see that turn positive for the first time since I think I said the third quarter 2020. So, first time in eight quarters, so really encouraging heading into 2023.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think we are certainly lapping some bigger price numbers. There's no doubt about that. And I think, as you know, we don't break out price and volume separately for all the reasons we've talked about in the past. But there's both price and volume in the numbers that we've laid out for 2023. And the 3% to 5% organic, I'll just say it's a risk-adjusted number. If you do a pure run rate, you end up at a higher number. We just thought given the -- everything we talked about, it was probably reasonable to take a more cautious approach given the environment.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think that's reasonable. I think certainly materials and components in that order, we are seeing -- I wouldn't say price are coming -- costs are coming down in a significant way, and they're remaining at a fairly elevated level. And then I think on -- our labor costs, certainly we're experiencing the same labor cost inflation as others. But -- and so maybe a little bit higher than typical, but nothing really that significant. We're still expanding margins by 100 basis points or better here in 2023. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Michael Larsen: So Tami, like I said, we're kind of back to our typical cadence here. I think we said first half, 49% of our EPS for the full year; second half, 51%. We really -- if you go back unlike time, we've been remarkably consistent. Embedded in that is also the fact that Q1 is typically our lowest quarter in terms of revenue, and we're expecting somewhere in the mid-single-digit type growth. Margins will probably start out a little bit lower, but still 100 basis points of margin improvement on a year-over-year basis. And maybe just to give an additional data point, if you run the same data on Q1 contribution to EPS overall, it's somewhere around 23% of the full year, and that's a pretty -- the company has become remarkably predictable over the years. And so I think that's probably a pretty good estimate for how the first quarter might play out.
Michael Larsen: So we just saw the January numbers and everything looks fine. Everything is tracking and really nothing different from what we talked about in the script here. So we're off to the start that we thought we would have.
Michael Larsen: I think, Andy, we expect -- all of our planning here at ITW has done bottoms up, as I think you know. And every one of our segments, including the higher-margin ones, such as Welding as well as Automotive, which is really dealing with some near-term pressures primarily related to price cost as well as just volume leverage. Every one of our 7 segments told us that they expect to improve margins year-over-year in 2023. But obviously, the ones that have the higher growth rates are going to have more volume leverage and therefore, probably a more significant improvement in operating margin. But everybody will get better. I would just say on Automotive, it's going to take some time to recover the price/cost margin impact, which has been significantly higher in Automotive than in other segments for all the reasons we've talked about in the past. It takes a little bit longer to recover price.  So I think our current view is it will take us maybe two to three years to get back to automotive margins in the low to mid-20s. And so that's maybe how I would -- we would characterize it.
Michael Larsen: Okay. Well, I think we're in the tenth year now. I think if you add up the combined savings, it's approaching $1.5 billion of structural cost out from 80/20 and from strategic sourcing. And when we rolled up the plans here in November and check back in, in January and had a chance to review all the projects and activities that go into delivering these 100 basis points, we were really encouraged by what we saw. And so I know that for a couple of years, we've been saying -- I've been saying this is not going to go on forever, and I...
Michael Larsen: And I was wrong, which happens a lot. But I think, ultimately, look, I think if you model ITW long term, I'd go back to the TSR model we've given you, which is 4% plus organic growth, incremental margins in that 35% to 40% range. Then operating income grew $7 million. You add acquisitions and buybacks on top of that. And so EPS grows 9% to 10%, and you add an attractive dividend in that 2% to 3% range. 2% to 3% range on top of it, you get 11% to 13% over the long term, that's what you should expect us to deliver. And so I think I have to say, to give you a definite and on enterprise initiatives because, as Scott reminded me, I've been wrong for many years. But that's probably how I would think about it, Andy.
Michael Larsen: Right. I think we've said this before. I mean, this proprietary ITW business model is more powerful than it's ever been as we sit here today. It's much different from 10 years ago, 3 years ago. And we are applying it. Our people, we've all gotten better at applying these methodologies, and we're applying it to a much more differentiated portfolio. And so as long as we continue down that path, I think it is -- I agree with Scott. I don't think it's going to end any time soon. So that's probably how we've set it up.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think maybe what would be helpful, Sabrina, is just -- let me just give you some of the elements here that go into the margin improvement on a year-over-year basis. And I'm going to use round numbers here, okay? So if we just ended 2022 at operating margins of about 24%, you should expect volume leverage somewhere in the 50 to 100 basis points of positive contribution to margins year-over-year, the enterprise initiatives, which is sized at about 100. We're certainly going to make some good progress on price/cost as 70 basis points was encouraging in Q4. I think the -- if that's the run rate going into 2023, maybe a little bit better than that. Let's just say price/cost adds approximately 100 basis points based on what we know today. And then the offset to some of this is our typical kind of -- we talked about this a little bit, wages and inflation on wages. We are bringing in some new hires to support our organic growth efforts. We are investing in driving organic growth, including capacity. And so that's typically a headwind of less than 100 basis points. That's running a little bit higher, just given the underlying inflation that's in the system that's probably running at 150 to 200. And so you add all that up, you get 100 basis points plus of margin improvement on a year-over-year basis. And I think that's a pretty good number, Sabrina.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think, as we look at kind of on a geographic basis, including China, most of our regions are kind of in that mid-single digits for the year. And China is maybe a little bit higher than that. A big driver, as you pointed out, in China is really the Automotive business, where we continue to make a lot of progress in terms of market share and penetration gains. So that's certainly our largest business and also the biggest driver of our growth in China next year. And so if the total company is 3% to 5% organic, China is certainly a little bit higher than that in our current projections as we sit here today. So...
Michael Larsen: We have a very small portion of our overall portfolio where the pricing is indexed to raw materials. If you add it all up, it's somewhere around 5% of our total revenue, so really an immaterial number, where it's an automatic giveback on price. I think on everything else, we historically command a premium given our -- the differentiated nature of our products and services and the quality of our delivery, and we expect to maintain that premium as we compete and focus on gaining market share. So that's how I'd answer your question, Steve.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So I think you saw the two divestitures here in the fourth quarter. That's part of -- I think we called out a handful of business units about a year ago. So the first two are done. We've got a smaller 1 that's kind of in the works. And then we've got a more meaningful one that is performing at a really high level right now. And I think we're going to kind of assess the capital markets and conditions and whether it's the right time to launch sometime this summer and that would kind of round out what we talked about a year ago. So that's kind of where we're at.
Michael Larsen: Well, yes, I mean, we get this question every time, we answer it the same way. I mean, I think organic growth is priority number one for all the reasons that Scott just talked about. I think -- we'd certainly be interested in high-quality acquisitions that accelerate the long-term growth potential of the company, where we can improve margins through the implementation of the business model and we can earn a reasonable rate of return on our shareholders' capital. And so MTS is a good example of an acquisition that checks all the boxes. That was a pretty big one that we did a year ago. And to the extent that other opportunities like that present themselves that check the boxes, we're definitely going to lean in, in a big way. So that's -- but...
Michael Larsen: Well, I'll take a stab. I think we're not really doing anything different than we have over the last five years in the Food Equipment business. We've continued to invest in differentiated products, including the categories that you mentioned. And we've been putting up -- the team has been putting up some really great numbers as a result of executing on their strategy. And so if you add up the organic growth rate here, over 17% coming out of the pandemic 23% last year, this year, high single digit, double digit, and that's really as a result of us innovating and growing all product categories.
Michael Larsen: Yes, definitely, I think this has been an area where kind of back to our win the Recovery positioning and the decision to carry enough inventory to service our customers with the same level of excellence in difficult supply chain on the different supply chain conditions has paid off in a big way. And so I think if you get the sense that the Food Equipment team is in a good mood. I think that's because they're gaining share and putting up some really strong numbers, including on the margin side, if you look at that almost 400 -- almost 500 basis points of improvement on a year-over-year basis. So that business, like we said, has got a ton of momentum going into 2023, and we're very bullish on the future here.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think, Joe, from the beginning, the Win the Recovery positioning was all about strategic share gains focused primarily on our existing customers. And we were not interested in opportunistic onetime orders. And so we're pretty confident with that direction. These share gains are going to stick. I think the pandemic and the supply chain kind of disruptions were a great opportunity for ITW to demonstrate how differentiated our supply chain capabilities are for those customers that didn't know. And so I think that's been really -- that's what's contributing also to the outgrowth relative to peers. I mean that's one more element of the equation as you talked about with Scott.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think we're not a backlog-driven company. As you know, we don't carry a lot of backlog. And as you also say, it's hard to parse out what was backlog versus new orders. So I'm not sure I can give you a great answer. What I can tell you is that, typically, our sales per day go up by 2%. If you go back and look in time, and they went up by 4%. And so things are definitely not slowing. And we've got some great momentum going into Q1 and 2023.
Michael Larsen: It's all in the comparisons year-over-year, Julian. So like I said, we expect the year to play out from a revenue standpoint, in line with our typical cadence. And so Q1 starts out a little bit lower and then we kind of improve from there. But there's nothing baked in, in terms of a big acceleration in the back half or deceleration in the back half. We've kind of done our best here to model current levels of demand risk adjusted for the areas where we're seeing some slowing in demand and we come up with 3% to 5%. I think if you run the math, you'll see kind of the first half is the growth rates are maybe towards the higher end of that 3% to 5% and the second half is towards the lower end, and that's all driven by the comps on a year-over-year basis.
Michael Larsen: I mean the big driver, Julian, is the housing market, new housing. And so the residential side is about 80% of our business here in North America, and that's where we're seeing some slowing, which we've talked about since the summer, I think. So there's nothing new here. And that's the big driver here.
Michael Larsen: Yes. It's going to be down a little this year, but it's also been a business that's really performed well for us when other parts of the macro have been challenged. So...
