David B. Speer: Thank you, John. We're pleased with both our fourth quarter and full year operating results. Beginning with the 2011 fourth quarter, we had a solid total revenue and organic growth of approximately 10% and 6%, respectively. Our North American and Chinese businesses led the way, with organic revenue growing approximately 9% and 10%, respectively. While European demand slowed, we still produced organic growth of nearly 3% in that geography. We delivered strong diluted EPS growth of 36%. We produced operating margins of 15%. That was substantially higher than the year-ago period. 7 of 8 reporting segments reported operating margin improvement in Q4. We generated robust, strong free operating cash flow of $617 million, representing a strong free cash to net income conversion rate of 140%. It also represented a second consecutive quarter where our free cash flow conversion was well over 100%. For the full year 2011, we delivered record revenues of $17.8 billion, with our organic revenues growing 7.5%. We generated $2 billion of income, which was a record from continuing operations. This represented a strong operating EPS growth of 41%. And we produced operating margins of 15.4%, which was 80 basis points higher than the full year 2010. All in all, it was a very strong fourth quarter and 2011 for ITW. These results placed us at a solid starting point for 2012. Now let me turn the call back to Ronald Kropp, who will give you a more detailed analysis of our Q4 operating performance.
David B. Speer: Okay, I'll ask Ron to talk about the price cost first, Jamie, and then I'll talk about construction.
David B. Speer: Finally hit the inflection point. Well, let me put it this way, Jamie. We have changed our view since December on residential housing in the U.S. In December, we were less bullish. We were more looking at a housing start number for the year that was close to 600. And I think our view now based on some activity levels we've seen over the last several months, we feel more comfortable with the numbers likely to be more like 650 to 670 for 2012, which would be a nice improvement over where we started. So, yes, we do expect some upside. And while we've seen some early indications of that, as you know, this is early in the year and too hard to pencil that in as a straight line, but we do see signs that suggest that we should finally see some reasonable improvements in 2012 in the residential housing numbers here in the U.S.
David B. Speer: Well, commercial construction is made up of so many different categories. We've got some categories that are moving up and some that are still moving down. So all in, I think it will be slightly positive year for commercial construction here. But I don't think it'll be a strong overall year. We still got some of those categories that are large, that are still on a square footage awarded basis comping negative numbers. But there are categories like healthcare and some education categories, where we're seeing stronger positive comps. So I think it's going to be a mixed bag depending on project type. But it would show us some signs that I think as the year progresses, we should see better numbers coming out of Commercial.
David B. Speer: It's certainly possible activity could pick up. I mean, as we went into last year, we talked about the acquisition of [indiscernible] a lot and it changed a lot during the year because of the market conditions. And so we've been really trying to focus on those handful of deals that we think makes sense, and that are robust enough to stay in the pipeline and actually offer opportunity. So I would say to the pipeline, opportunities are there. The question is to whether they'll actually end up in transaction. So we clearly, given the nature of the deals we did last year, we were able to close several larger deals, which was part of our focus in some platforms that we really think have good long-term growth. Test & Measurement being one of those and Brooks being a fit there. And certainly the automotive aftermarket being another one, and a large deal we did with SOPUS early in 2011 being another one there. So we continue to remain optimistic. But frankly, the M&A environment is still challenging in terms of finding the right kinds of opportunities and fits at reasonable valuations. But I expect that we'll continue to be successful in finding those types of deals as we're diligently looking for those fits.
David B. Speer: No. But it should be noted that the restructuring expenses, as we see them for 2012 will be much more directed towards international and, in particular, Europe as we get our businesses right sized from what we expect will be a very slow growth economic environment in Europe.
David B. Speer: Well, Europe, as you saw from the fourth quarter numbers that I think John talked to, industrial packaging, the numbers there are relatively weak. And that's the second quarter in the row we've seen that. So we are seeing a pretty broad weakness across Europe. I mean, the stronger numbers are coming out of Germany but even the strength in Germany is lower than it was 2 quarters ago. So we're clearly seeing slowing across the European industrial markets in what we're seeing and which is reflective in our 2012 forecast. And overall, we see Europe as a flat market by and large for us for 2012. There will be some pockets where we'll see stronger growth. But industrial packaging, we expect will be one of those markets that we'll be seeing growth that will be in the low-single digits.
David B. Speer: But even with that, know that we said that in Q4, we had some reasonable increase in equipment sales in Europe in the industrial packaging area. So there are clearly signs that things are moving, but I'd say at a cautious and somewhat slow pace.
David B. Speer: Well, there's always -- in food equipment, North America, there's always some pull forward in the dealer network as they look at stocking incentives and things like that, that drive their behaviors. And that's a year-end phenomenon that we typically see. So clearly, some of that, but also, clearly, some pickup in demand in some categories where orders had been out there, if you will, and finally placed for deliveries. So I think we can see it’s some of both. Some of it's the normal year-end phenomenon of stocking the shelf heading into a new year and picking up on rebates and some of it’s actual project activity that's been released. But I think as we've highlighted for 2012, we don't expect the equipment side to be a huge step up in terms of increased activity. It's going to be largely dependent on CapEx and some new store formats, but we do expect to see continued improvement in the service business, which was up nicely on the quarter.
David B. Speer: Yes. Well, obviously, relational, like many of our stockholders have perspectives on our business, and we're pleased to engage them in understanding what their views are, which is what we did during the year. As it turns out, in our discussions with them over several different time periods, much of what relational was highlighting is things that we were already focused on. Some we had been more public in discussing and some we had not been. So clearly, there is -- there are some ideas they have that are much aligned with what we were already working on. So I think there's been a very productive dialogue and discussion with them.  As it relates to some of the initiatives that we've been working on, as you know, we've been talking for a while about driving more simplification. In our business, we've talked in the past about some of the things that we do on a centralized basis to do that. It's clear that as we look across our portfolio of businesses today, and particularly in the last 3 or 4 years where we've acquired hundreds of businesses and several billion dollars of additional revenue, it is time for us to go back and take a look further at those strategic sourcing opportunities for sure and also some of those structural opportunities that exist inside the business segments as we're grown in these segments now in some new areas that offer the opportunity for probably some more thoughtful level of consolidation and increased focus.  All things we can do without destroying the decentralized approach to end customer access, end customer intimacy. So, yes, I think to say that the production or the dialogue has been productive, I would say yes. It's largely been in line with things that we were already focused on and it will clearly, I think that those dialogues will clearly help, I think, accelerate our progress in those areas as we move forward, because we are committed and we remain focused on long-term shareholder value creation. And there's no question that hitting some of these complexities and simplicities will drive better returns in the long run, but without taking apart the successful model that the company has been built on and it is our 100th year anniversary.
David B. Speer: There are no specifics built in around that, because we are still developing the parameters for what our expectations are. But it's clear that as we formulate specific plans, that as they become apparent and as we've begin to implement that those metrics will become clear and I expect will have some impact in 2012. But I would expect the larger impacts to come in 2013 and ahead as these plans, you might imagine, would take somewhat longer time to put in place and realize the significant benefits that could be available.
David B. Speer: Let me answer about the process. I'll ask Ron to answer about the last part of the question. As you know, in April, we entered into a purchase agreement with Graco to sell the operations of our finishing business for $650 million in cash. Our goal all along has been to work with Graco and the FTC to get that completed. The FTC has raised a number of objections, which Graco is now in the process of addressing. And our hope is that in the coming weeks, that Graco will be able to get the FTC's clearance to move forward with the transaction, in which case, we hope to be able to close that transaction in the coming months. But obviously, FTC approval is paramount to making that happen or a consent order with some remedies that the FTC will find acceptable to make that happen. So that has not yet happened. And there's no clear timeline for that happening, although our lawyers tell us they would suspect that the FTC would reach some kind of a decision over the next 2 to 3 months. So that's where the process stands. I'll let Ron answer the second half of your question.
David B. Speer: Let me say this, Eli, we have ramped up our divestiture activities over the last 3 years. And certainly, we continue to look at the portfolio in that regard and certainly, the finishing business sale is a clear example of that. So, yes, we're spending more time on that. And we have, in fact, more businesses right now in the queue for divesture, potential divestures than we have in, certainly in my tenure at the company. So over the last, I think, 10 years, we've divested nearly 100 businesses. So while most of them have been smaller, there have been some that have been larger. So, yes, I would say that divestiture is something that clearly part of our ongoing look at our portfolio of businesses. And based on our current strategies and trajectory, I would expect that we would see more divestitures going forward.
David B. Speer: And at the moment, we're seeing fairly stable prices for most of the major commodities. So lacking any further upward movement, I think Ron's point of view is that the trajectory should be reasonable going forward. But we have to wait and see. Steel and plastics have certainly leveled off at the moment, but they were fairly volatile mid-last year.
David B. Speer: Well, the finishing business is obviously up for divestiture, it's in discontinued operations at the moment and we're readily trying to sell it. So, yes, I would be including finishing in that comment.
David B. Speer: I think the current pipeline with finishing in it, would describe it as such, but I wouldn't put that down as a thesis, no.
David B. Speer: I think the Welding business is just clearly continue to power along on a strength of a couple of really hot end markets. Oil & Gas and heavy equipment have been very, very strong and the demand and needs for equipment and consume [ph] is in those categories continue to strengthen. So those are the primary drivers in our view as to what's really driving that organization at the moment.
David B. Speer: No, it is the shift, for sure. But we've been building momentum on that now for several years, talking about scale does matter on these acquisitions even at those levels. But first of all, strategy managers. So strategy is about how do these acquisitions fit with the long-term strategy and growth prospects of that segment? And so I think the process over the last several years has been moving the focus on acquisitions to really strong strategic fit with the segment that we're trying to grow and looking more at our business as a series of platforms. And where does that potential acquisition fit within that platform structure? How will it accelerate our growth in attractive markets? What kind of technology is it going to bring us? And how will that leverage longer-term profitable growth that we would find attractive as opposed to it's a deal in an adjacent space that we might be able to do something more with. So much more strategic and I think a much more thought through in terms of long-term impact, which means that it can still be a bolt-on acquisition, but the fit has got to be a lot stronger and a lot better vetted with, I think, more people than perhaps in the past.
David B. Speer: No, not to my knowledge, we haven't had any significant turnover. I haven't looked specifically at numbers at that level. But, no, we have not had any significant turnover as a result of what I just described. It clearly is a shift in terms of the way we ask them to think and operate but it's also still utilizing their skills of understanding their local markets and the opportunities and how to better leverage those against a larger platform view of how we strengthen our market positions on a global basis, which is what our customers in our markets expect today. Not just being strong in one geographic market in one country. Our major customers want us to be able to offer those opportunities on a global basis. And it's hard to do that if you're just looking at a one-off opportunity.
David B. Speer: Just the quantum. I mean, it was really about -- I didn't mean to suggest we have more 100 in the pipeline. What I meant is that any moment in time, we would typically have 4 or 5 in the pipeline. And now we have somewhat more than that. And the process is more active as a result of our strategic planning process. We've done a portfolio review of our businesses within each platform and have identified those that could be likely divestiture candidates. So we have a much more robust process for dealing with that, which, I think, will lead to a more reasoned approach to how we manage the actual divestiture of businesses going forward.
David B. Speer: Well, Brooks is as was pointed out, is a solid Test & Measurement business that comes with high margins and great growth prospects, well-positioned in some nice end markets that we think will bring some good long-term growth opportunities. A number of Brooks’ customers are also customers of others in our Test & Measurement group. As you can see from the slide that we presented, in the package today, well-spread revenues with about half the revenues coming from Asia, Europe and the Middle East and about half coming from North America, very much precision equipment that measures and controls the flow of gasses and fluids through electronic interfaces. So very precise use in the production of high-quality products, mobile computing, microchips, microelectronics, LED, life sciences. So some very interesting high-growth markets that we think will be good solid markets for us to continue to grow in. And you might notice some of these end markets are markets we've talked about in some of the other Test & Measurement acquisitions that we've done are also important like some of the acquisitions in the Instron area and with the Speedline electronics and others. So we think a very solid piece in a number of high-growing market spaces globally. And this is a market-leading position with good margins. So we think this is definitely something we can leverage into an even bigger business globally.
Ronald D. Kropp: Thanks, John. For the first quarter of 2012, we are forecasting diluted income per share from continuing operations to be within a range of $0.89 to $0.97. The low end of this range assumes a 6% increase in total revenues versus 2011, and the high end of the range assumes a 9% increase. The midpoint of the diluted EPS range would be 6% higher than last year, excluding the first quarter 2011 impact of the Australian tax case. For the full year 2012, our forecasted EPS range for continuing operations is $4.02 to $4.26. This range assumes a total revenue increase of 5% to 8%. The EPS midpoint of $4.14 would be 10% higher than 2011, excluding the impact of the Australian tax case. Other assumptions included in this forecast are exchange rates holding at current levels, restructuring costs of $70 million to $80 million for the year and a tax rate range between 28.5% and 29.5% for the first quarter and full year. Note that beginning in 2012, we are discontinuing the monthly release of rolling 3 month revenue data. We believe that providing this data monthly has resulted in a disproportionate amount of focus on short-term revenue data versus long-term operating performance. We will continue to provide detailed revenue data each quarter by segment as part of our normal quarterly earnings release. I'll now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
Ronald D. Kropp: No, actually. So in the December analyst meeting, what we had talked about explicitly was only base. And we said base for the full year was 3% to 5%. We did talk about translation being negative, although we weren't specific around a number and certainly, that's moved down a bit since December. And then acquisitions, again, we weren't explicit. We have some long-range goals around that, but we weren't explicit around the 2012 guidance. So kind of the way it shakes out is base, 3% to 5%; acquisitions, 4% to 6%, probably in the lower end of that; and translation based on current rates, about a negative 2%, which gets you to the 6.5%.
Ronald D. Kropp: The multiple we paid there, yes, we don't give specifically purchase price numbers. But it's in the normal range of what we paid historically between 7 and 8x.
Ronald D. Kropp: So on the price cost, as you probably have seen, it's gotten better as we’ve moved through 2011. So the beginning of last year, I think it was negative 100 basis points, then it was 80, then what's it was 50. And this quarter, it was 10. What we've seen is, especially in the fourth quarter, plastic and steel really going down but have stabilized in the first quarter. So we'll have some carryover benefit from some of the price increases we've put in place, especially in the back half of the year. So overall, in the first quarter, we're looking at between 10 and 20 basis points favorable margin impact. And for the full year, something like 30 to 40.
Ronald D. Kropp: It is more front-end loaded. Our overall estimate for the year is $70 million to $80 million. $25 million to $30 million of that we've got in the forecast for the first quarter. So that's having about a 50 basis point negative impact year-on-year in first quarter margins.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. Also, acquisitions are having a greater impact in the first quarter than they had in the fourth quarter. Partly due to some of the stronger margin acquisitions like SOPUS, falling off and some of the other carryover acquisitions having lower margins.
Ronald D. Kropp: So, Deane, if for some reason as we work through this process it ends up being blocked, certainly, we would want to explore other alternatives for this business, including do we want to have a broader sale process? So I wouldn't assume that it would necessarily come back into continuing operations immediately. But certainly, if it did, it would have some accretive impact. But I would not assume that.
Ronald D. Kropp: And, Eli, we can't really comment publicly around any specifics, around potential changes in the portfolio in advance of any [indiscernible].
Ronald D. Kropp: So first of all, Eli, the 81% of the acquired revenues relates to both emerging market, growth initiatives, as well as new platform opportunities. So that's not all emerging markets. Certainly, we did a number of deals in emerging markets, those tend to be the smaller bolt-on deals. I think we did 9 emerging market deals in 2011. And as we model out these acquisitions, especially given the high growth rates we've seen historically, we do build in some mitigation of that going forward. Obviously, places like China can't grow at 15% to 20% forever. So while certainly it will have impact on our results, it won’t have an overall impact on our investment returns or anything like that. And while emerging markets are muted, they're muted from high double-digit increases. So even next year, we're looking at high-single digits to low double-digit increases for Asia Pacific, for instance.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, sure. So price costs was basically flat in that segment year-on-year. We had overall lower overhead cost that contributed about 110 basis points. We had some inventory-related adjustments, pickups in inventory reserves, change in inventory standard cost. This segment is also on LIFO, and there's some positive LIFO adjustments that had an impact. And then we had some overall improvements in variable margin rate that added 120 basis points. For a variety of reasons, mix is one. We also had some unfavorable issues in our service business last year in the fourth quarter. So all that together added up to positive 480 basis points.
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, definitely, I think the second quarter will be the strongest. And then if you remember, we started getting more and more price increases put in place in the back half of the year. So the impact of those will mitigate. So 10 basis point, 10 to 20 basis points in the first quarter; second quarter, stronger than that. Overall, for the year, 30 to 40 positive.
Ronald D. Kropp: So what you're looking at is the total company incremental, which includes restructuring and acquisitions. The base is substantially higher than that, more typical in our 35% to 40% range for the year. So certainly, restructuring, higher restructurings, mitigating the overall company incrementals as well as acquisitions.
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, certainly, to the extent we have cash overseas, that's not just in Europe, but overseas generally, that makes it more difficult to use that for U.S. investments of which share repurchases is one. What we do is we tend to keep our cash overseas for overseas investments. So to the extent we're buying companies overseas, we use that cash. We also are using our overseas cash for emerging market investments, Greenfield investments, putting up plants in China, for instance. We could bring it back. There would be a tax cost to that and if we ever needed the cash, we would do that. But we're perfectly happy leaving it there for our overseas investment opportunities.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. We have plenty of credit facility available and plenty of free operating cash flow in the U.S. in '11 and '12 to use for share repurchases or U.S. acquisitions.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you, Ron. We'll now open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] First question please.
John L. Brooklier: Remember that when we talked -- when we're in New York, we were talking about our expectations for Europe for the year. And our expectations were basically sort of flattish, with more -- be more problematic in the first part of the year. And things getting a little bit better as the years progress. I don't think there's anything we've seen in our numbers that are -- that have been terribly surprising in any of our segments as it specifically relates to Europe. And as I said in my comments earlier, we've had some better than we expected in Welding, even parts of food equipment on the service side were a little better than we expected. But if you look at, to David's point, if you look at industrial packaging, which is the reasonable barometer, some of the industrial production activity there right now is reflective of sort of flat demand.
John L. Brooklier: And then, I think the fourth quarter typical pickup had very little to do with the tax incentives. It's really tied more to rebates and annual rebates.
John L. Brooklier: Yes. I would echo David's comments. If you look at it and you talk about it by geography, I mean, North America, very strong. But even the international side, diluted to some of the growth coming out of Europe and China, I mean, double-digit growth in both cases. Significant growth coming out of Europe, surprisingly strong growth. So I think it's a function of -- in a reasonable -- very, very strong demand, good positioning in terms of our products, good technology. This is a very, very strong business for us, and we remain optimistic about its prospects for 2012.
John L. Brooklier: Well, I think to Ron's point, when he at least introduced the subject that we were going to eliminate it is that our belief is that over the last number of years, it's caused people to take a very, very short-term focus around not only revenues but organic revenues. And while we certainly note that organic revenues are important, we'll continue to report those out on the quarter. We'll give you all the components of organic revenue as we've always done. So I think our view is that on a quarterly basis, you're going to get more -- you'll get more trend data from us as it relates to all the different metrics. And so we don't think it's a big take away and it allows us to really focus on all the metrics that are important to ITW, not only revenues, but margins, Return on Invested Capital, things that are very, very important to the ITW story. So we think it's a more balanced approach on a go-forward basis.
John L. Brooklier: Yes. I would say -- around the topic of forecasting, updating around forecasting, we clearly have the ability to -- in public forums, as we're attending different conferences. We have the ability to give people trend data during the quarter. So our plan is to try to keep people abreast of the recent developments in the quarter and I think directionally, you'll be able to get a sense from us as what we're seeing in the quarters.
John L. Brooklier: Thanks to all who have joined us on the call today. We will talk to you later, and have a good day. Thank you.
