Ronald D. Kropp: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Here are the highlights for the second quarter. Revenues increased 0.9% due to higher base and acquisition revenues, offset by the unfavorable impact from currency. Operating income was $770 million, which was higher than last year by $59 million, representing income growth of 8%. Operating margins of 16.5% were 110 basis points higher compared to last year. Diluted income per share from continuing operations was $1.11, which was close to the midpoint of our range. Finally, free operating cash flow was $409 million for the quarter. Now let's go to the components of our operating results. Our 0.9% revenue increase was primarily due to the following factors. Base revenues were up 2.3%, with North American base revenues increasing 5.3% and mixed international base revenues that overall were down slightly year-over-year. John will discuss the geographic mix in more detail later in the call. Acquisitions net of divestitures added 3% to revenue growth, and currency translation decreased revenues by 4.5%, largely due to a weaker euro. Operating margins for the first quarter of 16.5% were 110 basis points higher than Q2 2011. Base margins increased 150 basis points with higher sales volume contributing 60 basis points. The positive impact of non-volume items increased base margins by 90 basis points versus last year, primarily due to 60 basis points of price cost favorability. In addition, margins were lower by 40 basis points due to the dilutive impact of acquisitions. The net operating margins from acquisitions, excluding amortization and other acquisition accounting, were 14.4% for the quarter. Overall, despite uneven market demand, we had a strong second quarter earnings performance, reflecting our decentralized operating model, which allowed us to react quickly to market conditions, as well as our established 80/20 operating discipline. Looking at working capital and cash flow. Accounts receivable DSO of 61 days was lower than last year and inventory months on hand declined to 1.8 months. ROIC for the second quarter was 16.3%, which was 70 basis points higher than Q2 of last year. Our ROIC continues to run at our 15% to 17% target range, which is significantly above our cost of capital. The second quarter cash provided from operating activities was $509 million with capital expenditures of $100 million, resulting in free operating cash flow of $409 million, which was $184 million better than Q2 of the prior year. On a year-to-date basis, we have generated $648 million in free operating cash flow, and we expect to generate close to $2 billion in free operating cash flow for full year 2012. Turning to capital structure. Our capital allocation priorities continue to be as follows. Our first priority is organic investments, especially related to our key growth platforms and emerging markets. Examples of organic investments include R&D spending for new product innovation, additional investments in manufacturing capacity and restructuring projects which have long-term margin benefits. Our next capital priority is dividends. During the quarter, we paid dividends of $172 million, and our current dividend yield is almost 3%. Any excess capital after organic investments and dividends are used for external investments, either share repurchases or acquisitions. We evaluate allocation between these external investments based on the best risk-adjusted returns. During Q2, we continued our robust share buyback activity with $526 million in repurchases, which brings us to $1 billion in share repurchases through first half of 2012. As of the end of Q2, we have approximately $2.9 billion of authorized repurchases remaining under our buyback program. In the first half of 2012, we returned over $1.3 billion to shareholders through share repurchases and dividends. In addition, during the quarter, we utilized $106 million for acquisitions, over 80% of which continues to focus on our growth platforms and emerging markets. Our debt levels increased $141 million during the quarter, with our debt-to-capital ratio at 33% and our debt-to-EBITDA remaining at 1.4x. Our cash balance overseas is $1.7 billion, and we have plenty of debt capacity to make additional investments. I will now turn it back over to John, who will provide more details on the operating results.
Ronald D. Kropp: Thanks, John. The third quarter of 2012, we are forecasting diluted income per share and continuing operations to be within the range of $1.03 to $1.11. This range assumes total revenue growth of negative 1% to plus 1%, largely related to currency, as well as softening international end-market conditions. The midpoint of Q2 diluted EPS range would represent a growth of 7% versus last year. For the full year 2012, our forecasted total revenue growth is now between 1% to 3%, which is lower than our April forecasted midpoint by 400 basis points. Our forecasted EPS range for continuing operations is now $4.03 to $4.19. The EPS midpoint of $4.11 would be 10% higher than 2011, excluding the Q1 2011 tax benefit related to the Australian tax matter. This EPS benefit is $0.15 lower than our forecast from April and is driven by an $0.08 reduction from lower base business revenues, largely due to slower international end-market demand, as well as a 7% impact due to expected declines from weaker foreign currencies. An increase in expected restructuring costs took away $0.02 but was more than offset by a $0.04 benefit from year-to-date and forecasted share repurchases. I will now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
Ronald D. Kropp: And I will add that we are targeting our strategic growth areas for acquisitions. As an example, we talked about last quarter, we acquired in the first quarter Brooks Instrument in our test and measurement segment, which is $200-million-plus in acquired revenues.
Ronald D. Kropp: The segments that have a bigger restructuring spend this year in the first half of the year has been Construction, especially in Europe. In the second half of the year, the Polymers and Fluids segment will have a bigger restructuring spend. You mentioned strategic sourcing. That -- any costs, additional costs or investments there to do the sourcing initiatives is not part of restructuring. That would just be additional headcount or consulting costs, et cetera.
Ronald D. Kropp: So as I said earlier, we had a pickup in margins of 60 basis points from price cost. That was better than the first quarter, which was 40. And really, that was driven mostly by raw material cost going down as opposed to prices going up. We've still been able to hold on to price increases that we put in place towards the end of last year in response to cost increases in most of our segments. But costs have come down significantly, especially in the resin area, which has been bouncing all around during the year. For instance, recycled PET was down 37% in the quarter, but it was up 48% last quarter. Steel was also down but to less of an extreme. So we see raw material cost continue to go down a little bit as we move through the rest of the year. So we'll continue to see a benefit, price/cost, probably a little bit higher in the third quarter than it was this quarter, but about 60 basis points for the whole year if things hold where we expect.
Ronald D. Kropp: And we've seen it's a pretty reasonable market for divestitures. Strategics are still looking for acquisitions and private equity has a lot of capital that they're looking to put to work as well.
Ronald D. Kropp: It's very uneven. It was -- June was stronger than May. April was stronger than May. May was weaker.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. What we're seeing by region is pretty similar to what we saw in the second quarter, where North America is going be stronger; Europe is going to be down 1% to 2%; Asia Pacific, flat to plus 1%. So pretty similar demand rates from a base side from what we saw in the second quarter.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. That's not what we have, so I'm not sure how you backed into that. But we're looking at the third quarter overall revenues being basically flat, driven by currency. But from a base side, as I said, we're up, where we've got 2.5% to 3% up. And it's a little bit weaker in the fourth quarter partly due to the comps.
Ronald D. Kropp: So as I said earlier -- and I don't have the exact share number. But for the first half, we spent about $1 billion and embedded in the forecast, which is included in the $0.04 EPS benefit that we bridged on the slide -- embedded in the forecast is a total year spend of $1.3 billion. So you can back into the shares based on the share price over the year, but I want to say it's something like close to 20 million.
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, the way our capital structure works, like most U.S. companies, is we have to do share repurchases and dividends out of the U.S. So when we put together our plans for dividends and share repurchases, we do that based on where we expect to generate the cash and how much U.S. cash we expect to have and what the appropriate debt level that we want to maintain in the U.S. is. So the $1.3 billion in share repurchases that I talked about, which is the current full year forecast, that's a reflection of all those inputs. It does not consider that we would repatriate any of that $1.7 billion at this point. We certainly could if we needed to, but there would be a tax cost to that at the time we did it. So that assumes that we continue to reinvest that cash overseas in emerging markets and other ways, but not bring it back to the U.S.
Ronald D. Kropp: And I will point out, as we've had divestitures, for instance, the finishing business, to the extent we get net cash proceeds after tax in the U.S., we're redeploying that and buying back shares to offset some of the EPS.
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, we typically would not run U.S. cash balances. We're going to be stoking that fire [ph] overseas.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. As we talked about, we had very strong operating performance in the second quarter. Our base incrementals were significantly higher than even 50%, typically run 35% range. And as we look out the rest of the year, we expect to continue to perform north of 50%.
John L. Brooklier: Thanks, Ron. We'll now open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] We're now ready to take questions.
John L. Brooklier: Yes. I would just add, Andy, that if you remember, to David's point, that first quarter, our organic revenue for welding was in the high-teens. This quarter, it was more like 9%. But I think we're looking on a go-forward basis at numbers that are high single-digits as opposed to something that's double-digit.
John L. Brooklier: We clearly didn't see any deceleration -- big deceleration in June, Deane, which probably, I think, a lot of people would've expected. So I think the numbers, to David and Ron's point, the numbers are very, very uneven. And we're heading into a quarter right now, into the third quarter, where numbers coming out of Europe are going to be not only what's going on with end-market demand, but they're always typically all over the place in the summer.
John L. Brooklier: Now remember, while we have -- we have a smaller European presence, so our Europe numbers were actually growing at a rate of double-digit, at least for the month of June.
John L. Brooklier: Stretch consumables were -- stretch consumables would have been lower. It was growing at a lower rate than the equipment. But clearly, the equipment was much stronger on the stretch side. I think you've seen the same dynamics on the Signode side, too, were...
John L. Brooklier: Well, I think -- again, I think it's really more geographical, Rob. I think North America, we're seeing trends that are more consistent with consumable and equipment sales. We were up 3% to 4% North America and we were down at a rate of about 4-ish on the European side. So I think it really has more to do with more macro trends in the geographies we're seeing as opposed to the specific categories.
John L. Brooklier: Well, we know that in our electronics assembly segment of total electronics that we have orders in place that are significant with a key customer. So we have a relatively high level of confidence now. But I think the other -- what I call the other electronics category, which is more legacy, more component-related, that will continue to be under pressure.
John L. Brooklier: I think that as we reported in Q2, we saw good performance in North America. Asia Pacific continues to be strong. China is still good. India is still relatively good. You're right, Eli. The major weakness is in Europe. I don't think our auto people are expecting significant deterioration beyond the numbers they're seeing right now. I mean, it could go down a couple more points in Europe. Maybe 7 turns into 8 or 9 on a decrease on builds.
John L. Brooklier: The latest forecast we have is Europe is roughly the same and North America is still growing at high double -- high-teen numbers. We're going to get end it there. We're at the top of the hour. We thank everybody for participating in the call, and I look forward to talking to a number of you later today. Thank you.
David B. Speer: Well, Steve, I think I would characterize the acquisition activity, as -- from our standpoint, entering the year, we viewed this as a year that we're going to be challenged from a valuation metric standpoint. And that certainly has been the case. Those properties that are out there that we're interested in have had fairly high expectations in terms of valuation. That hasn't stopped us from continuing our work in those categories. But I would say, the way I would describe the acquisition environment for us right now is it's modest. We have included through Q2, I believe, about $500 million in acquired revenues and don't expect the second half to be significantly more boisterous, if you will, than what we've seen because I think valuations are the primary concern. In terms of getting things done, I think the early -- any of those that have significant European or Asia Pacific concentration require a fair amount of due diligence at the moment to really determine their go-forward positions in those geographies, and obviously, factoring in the weakness that those geographies have seen this year. But I don't think it will have a major impact on us closing deals that we have agreed upon. But I do think the market environment for us will remain challenging from a valuation metric standpoint. And that's probably our primary issue, rather than being able to look at specific geographic concerns.
David B. Speer: Oh, no, I'm sorry. I didn't mean that, no. No, I wouldn't be able to predict the second half number at the moment. I mean, just looking at the pipeline, there's a lot of what ifs in that pipeline that are not fully qualified at the moment. So no, I would not suggest we could do $500 million in the second half. I mean, it's not impossible, but certainly not what I would call likely at the moment based on what we see in the pipeline.
David B. Speer: From a strategic standpoint, we've maintained our position on dec surfaces since 2008, when we had made the decision then that we didn't think long-term it would fit our portfolio in terms of long-term growth opportunities. But I would tell you that they have performed very well in terms of operating characteristics along the way. They did better during the 2008, 2009 downturn than most businesses and they clearly are doing quite well this year. But strategically, it hasn't changed my view of the long-term fit of that business in our portfolio.
David B. Speer: Well, I'll give you high-level flavor, and then Ron may have more detail to add. But I would say that the bulk of this is based on additional restructuring based on the weakness we've seen more internationally and more European as a result. There is some of that, that is based on a view of our business simplification, but not a lot. Most of it so far is based on reacting to the slower market conditions internationally, particularly in Europe. So it's obviously a step-up and a way of us getting ahead of what we think are some continuing weakening conditions that we want to be able to address. And, Ann, as you know, the ability to do that in some of the international markets has much more -- much longer impact to get the result, particularly in Europe. So we've tried to stay on top of these things and push them forward as we look at the weakness or the underlying performance in some of these market segments. But I would say that using that wonderful 80/20 term we like to use, 80% of this is focused on existing businesses and maybe 20% is focused on the combination of looking at what structural changes we're looking at making, along with some of the strategic sourcing initiatives.
David B. Speer: No. I think as I tried to point out, it takes longer to initiate these. So there's a lot more planning that goes into the implementation of those. So many of these restructuring projects have been in the planning stages for several quarters and are just at the front end of implementation. So it's really a question of trying to stay on top of what we see as longer-term trends there. So I think we've done a good job of managing the cost portfolio there. But at some point, when you look at the market conditions and you project forward, you begin to get into the tougher, longer-term issues that restructuring brings, which is a lot of headcount, and some cases, facilities. So those take longer to implement. So it's more a question of timing, I would say, Ann, than any difference of view of how we see those markets at the moment. I do expect European construction, as John pointed out in his comments, that it's going to remain a tough environment for some time. A lot of it is based on government spending. And as we know, what's going on in Europe, there's a lot of rationalization of where the government is going to spend their money. And I think Construction will continue to have a cloud over in Europe for some time until it becomes more clear.
David B. Speer: Sure. Well, let me separate that into 2 pieces, and I'll actually answer your second piece first. I think the margin performance is really not due to any advance move, if you will, on some of that. I think the margin performance -- as we recognized going into the year, this is going to be a challenging environment, and as we didn't see the kind of revenue growth that we'd expected, that we were going to have some ability to react. And so we put in place, I think, some strong cost control programs at the beginning of the year and we also counted on some significant improvement in our price cost, which we have been chasing, as you may recall, Rob, for a couple of years. And we were able to achieve that as well. So the strong operating margins, I think, are a result of the detailed planning controls that we put in place at the end of the year, which allowed us in the quarter to get a 16.5% return and some great incrementals as we experienced much weaker revenue performance than we thought, headwinds in currency and so forth. So that was independent of any of the work we've done in business simplification. I would say in the business simplification area, anytime you talk about consolidation, you talk about a change in structure, you get people concerned. At this stage, we really have not lost any significant number of people. And I think people have embraced the fact that this starts with looking at the strategic approach and looking at how we streamline our structure to be reflective of where we see our growth opportunities. And we're doing this in a rational fashion, and the operating managers are heavily participating in every step of this along the way. So we're not dictating from the corporate office that these 5 units should be combined into 1. These are the operating people. They're looking at what makes sense given the new economic environment, given the global nature of a number of our end markets and customers, and let's march through this in a logical fashion. And we're not going to make wholesale decisions that would impact their ability to serve their customers and markets. So I think given the level of change, which always brings with it some level of angst, we've done a good job of managing that and involving our key managers. And so I would say that as we approach the end of the year, we'll be in a better position to quantify some of what that will mean and we'll be able to give some examples. And you'll see, I think, the levels of involvement and participation will help us ultimately come up with the right solution and with the right metrics that we can maintain going forward.
David B. Speer: I'll let Ron talk to price cost, and then I'll come back and talk a little bit about acquisition and divestitures.
David B. Speer: Yes. Let me comment on acquisitions first. As I commented earlier, I think the environment has been one where valuations, frankly, in the first half of the year have been more challenging than I would've thought, given the market conditions. So I don't see that really changing. We have a number of nice target opportunities that we think fit strategically. The question will be, do they fit with us from a valuation standpoint? It's too early to answer some of that, but...
David B. Speer: Absolutely. Absolutely. In fact, there are several assets that we're looking at that, given the right circumstances, we will clearly be more aggressive. No question.
David B. Speer: Yes. So I -- it's hard to predict, as you know, acquisition activity because these are competitive processes. They involve buyers whose expectations change during the process. So part of our caution in not putting numbers out as we may have in the past is that the environment has changed a lot. It's hard to predict. Our hit rate in our pipeline used to be 60% to 70%. And for the last 2 years, it's been well under 50%, so hard to predict. It could be in the pipeline, but for me to be able to predict whether we can actually close it is a lot more difficult than it used be.
David B. Speer: No. I'm not concerned at all because we aren't going to sell if we don't get the right price. Because most of these are businesses that make good margins and make contributions the company, so there's no point in rushing to a sale. These are not fire sales. So if the metrics work properly for us in terms of what we think are reasonable prices, then we'll transact. If they don't, we won't. And we've walked away from proposals in the past we've had on assets that have been held for sale that we haven't transacted. And some of them have come back, one of them being a consumer packaging business that we sold earlier in the second quarter. So if the price isn't right, there's no reason for us to transact. I mean, that's part of our evaluation process, is really, what are the minimum price that we should be targeting? And what, given the market conditions, is the ideal price? And we generally end up somewhere in between those 2, but rarely would we be in a fire sale situation, where we have to transact. As you know, from our balance sheet, we've got strong operating cash flow. We don't need the cash at any particular moment in time as a result of divesting something, so we could be patient.
David B. Speer: Well, we don't have lots of visibility. Our typical visibility is for the order book that we get from those types of customers, which is not a lengthy order book. On the equipment side, our order book runs in the 2- to 4-week category, not 3 or 4 months, so we don't have great forward visibility. The consumable side is probably even a little bit less than that, so I can't say we've got great visibility. But when we talk to those customers, particularly in the mining category, oil and gas, and even the ag category, we continue to get reasonable forecasts in terms of forward demand. And as I think Ron pointed out or John in his comments earlier, we had a barn burning first quarter. We had a very good second quarter but not nearly as good as the first quarter. And we could not have predicted either one of those in advance of what we actually achieved because the increase in demand from our customers occurred during the quarter, not before. So we're well positioned with those customers, but I can't say we've got any particularly good forward visibility.
David B. Speer: Well, first of all, let's look at the statistics. We've been on a 5-year dramatic decline in North America, to the point where 70% of our revenues in Construction now are international. So there's not enough size in the market, no matter what the housing start numbers look like in the near-term or project activity [ph] on commercial, in North America to offset major declines in Europe, where -- Europe represents 50% of the business today. So I think unlikely we're going to see that offset. I would say, long-term, that what we see emerging here in the U.S. will be very favorable obviously to our Construction business. We're not as wrapped up here in government financing in construction as they are in Europe and even in obviously Asia Pacific, particularly in China. So how these governments decide to finance construction going forward as part of their overall rationalization of their fiscal policies is going be an important determinant in how those markets recover. But the U.S. markets aren't big enough to cover for any significant decline in the European or Asia Pacific markets.
David B. Speer: I think John's comments were Asia Pacific but largely in Australia, which represents about 70% of our Asia Pacific Construction business. So China, I would say, continues to -- it's going to depend on, in my view, in China, more what they determine they're going to do with the infrastructure spending there over the course of the next several years, as to how that plays out. They have been aggressive in the past. The question is how aggressive they're going be in the future. But as you know, most of the major construction activity in China is financed by the government.
David B. Speer: There was no particular trend. I think if you look at things on an equalized day basis and you look at things on a seasonality basis, no particular...
David B. Speer: The seasonality in Europe in third quarter is obviously a wildcard on top of what already is a weak market, so -- but no, I wouldn't say we saw any particular trends in Q2 that we could highlight.
David B. Speer: We don't really have a catalyst, Walt, that's going to change the profile of what we saw in Q2 in Q3, or for that fact -- for that matter, going forward for the balance of the year.
David B. Speer: So we don't have the granular details of the fourth quarter here to talk about obviously. But I would say from a global perspective, we don't see any significant change from Q3 to Q4 in market or demand activities. So there may be some nuances based on comparables, as Ron pointed out, but no significant acceleration, if you will, in demand is part of our current full year outlook for Q4.
David B. Speer: No. None that is worthy of any note, for sure. We would've expected to have our original demand forecast materialize, to see some of that occurring in Q2, which obviously did not happen. And given the current demand forecast that we see across these markets, we don't see any real stocking; restocking; or for that matter, any significant destocking at this stage. We haven't experienced it and we haven't heard a lot about it. Let's put it that way.
David B. Speer: Rob, the other thing I would note is about 80% of our equipment sales are replacement. So I think it's probably an indication that people reached a point at which some of these pieces of equipment needed to be replaced or upgraded for productivity reasons or cost reasons. And the fact that they haven't canceled orders or delayed orders is an indication that there's a reasonable long-term view of the need for this type of equipment. And normally, the equipment would precede a big increase in consumable volumes. So it's a typical pattern that we see equipment rise, and then consumables rise secondly. And it's the same picture on the way down: equipment drops off first and consumables afterwards.
David B. Speer: Yes. I would say that yes, we have a nice Q3 runway in that category. But beyond that, it's hard to see. And as John pointed out, it's based on some significant orders with a handful of key accounts. But the general electronics category, particularly that based on computers, is really challenged.
David B. Speer: And obviously, the other thing that it looks at, as Ron said, where is the cash coming from? And from our forecast, you could tell we're talking about stronger performance in the U.S. than we are in international markets. So all these things are factored into how we look at the overall capital allocation. But with a $2-billion expectation of free cash flow for the year, as I've indicated, obviously, the second half of the year cash flow is much stronger than the first half, which we would expect. We wouldn't expect to see any significant change in our U.S. debt levels as a result of this. And certainly, as Ron pointed out, no plans to do any significant repatriation.
David B. Speer: But I think the biggest story for us, Eli, in Europe has been penetration gains. John had pointed out in the quarter, Q2, the European build was down in the 8% range. We were up 1%. So we have had significant penetration gain. And obviously, as those platforms continue to roll out, we'll enjoy a penetration gain in subsequent quarters as well. China is an organic growth story. We've been aligned with more of the domestic manufacturers now, so we have more content there. So that's really new growth for us, if you will, to a large extent in China. And here in North America, we have continued the normal penetration process, and it pays off obviously. And North America car business in terms of sales and production has been clearly more robust than what we thought it was going to be, entering the year. So I think the transportation outlook for us is reasonably solid going forward on the OEM basis.
