David B. Speer: Thank you, John. We are very pleased with our third quarter operating performance on a number of fronts. Both our total revenues and organic revenues were solid, coming in only modestly below our original expectations for the quarter. Total revenues grew 16.2% and organic revenues increased 6.2%. The vast majority of our diversified worldwide end markets were in reasonable shape. Ron will detail our full quarter 3 financial results in just a few moments, but it's noteworthy to highlight that our diluted EPS grew 25% in the quarter. We were especially happy to see the improvement in our free operating cash flow in the quarter. We generated more than $700 million of free operating cash in quarter 3. This represents a conversion ratio of 139% versus net income and gets us back on track to more traditional free cash flow generation metrics. In terms of how we utilize our free cash, we continue to implement a well balanced approach that target dividends, acquisitions and share buybacks. Here's what we accomplished in these targeted categories in the third quarter. First, we raised our annual dividend payout 6% in August 2011. We acquired annualized revenues of nearly $300 million during the quarter and year-to-date we've acquired annualized revenues of approximately $800 million. And we executed $400 million of share repurchases in quarter 3. And notably, year-to-date, we have now repurchased over 18 million shares for just under $1 billion. Finally, we took advantage of our strong financial profile and we issued $1 billion of long-term debt at very attractive rates. All in all, it was a very busy but a very productive quarter for ITW. Now let me turn the call over to Ron for the financial details.
David B. Speer: What we've seen in Europe? Well, in Q3, the overall European numbers came in, in the 3.8% range in terms of total organic growth, so a reasonably good quarter. We saw -- I wouldn't say we've seen any disparity in any particular segments there. I mean, the appliance segment is probably the only segment of great note this week, but the auto segment's been good, the Construction segment's been reasonable there. Our Test and Measurement businesses have done well there. So I'd say it's pretty evenly spread in terms of what we saw in performance during the quarter.
David B. Speer: Well, I think, as you've looked at the -- some of the industrial production numbers have softened a bit there. And I think, going forward, we'd expect to see -- some of these trends, we've seen come down from Q2 to Q3. We came down in growth rates in Europe and we're expecting that we'll see some modest slowing in Q4 in our numbers as well. So I wouldn't call it anything dramatic or any particular single market that we're looking at.
David B. Speer: I would say that there's not been a lot of change since last quarter. It still remains a market that, I think, there are opportunities out there, but valuations still, from historical standards, remain relatively high. And so we've kept our discipline in our pricing on acquisitions. But I think the pipeline at the moment is reasonable. But it's the -- we're heading towards the end of the year so it's always variable as to what we think we have in the pipeline that might actually close. But I would characterize the environment as largely similar, some uncertainty in the acquisition environment related to economic trends. It always cast a bit of a pall over it. But on the other hand, plenty of liquidity, which is keeping valuations in many segments at pretty high historic levels.
David B. Speer: Well, I think John highlighted some of those in his comments. I'll try to recap a few of them. I mean, the auto business has been quite strong for us in China, as John highlighted in his comments earlier. The segment revenue data in China was up -- or I should say, between China and India, it was up in the mid-20s for the quarter. Our Test and Measurement business has done well in China, mid-teen growth rates there, in those businesses. So I think it's spread across a number of different end markets. And I think our China business, overall, with the exception of those that are concentrated on the consumer electronics categories where we've seen more weakness lately, I think most of the China businesses have been performing in modestly double digits, up to the mid-20 kind of double-digit organic growth rates. So we're not seeing any significant change other than electronics.
David B. Speer: We have, John, we have a modest presence in the residential roofing market, but I wouldn't have any data that would, at the moment, suggest that we saw any improvement there. And we do also have a modest amount of revenue in the commercial roofing segment. And I know, from having visited a couple of our businesses in that segment during the quarter, that they've in fact saw some improvement in their demand based on some retrofitting and reroofing jobs that were weather-related. But none of those would be significant enough to have provided any commentary in our call today.
David B. Speer: Well, first of all, I don't think we said our consumer electronics business was strong. If we did, I think -- I don't think that statement was what we intended to say, if it came out that way. I think what we said was the demand for some of our consumer electronic products remained strong mainly in the smartphone market, not -- and somewhat reasonable still, in some of the computer-related markets, but we're not really into electronics on a broad-category basis in terms of display systems and things like that, if that's what you're referencing. So I would say, what we've seen on the demand side has been more related to some of the smartphone markets and some of the higher-end chip markets where we have reasonable penetration. But in terms of actual consumer end products, beyond those, our products end up in a lot of different industrial electronic applications as well.
David B. Speer: I would expect, based on the trajectories we've seen in those segments, that we would expect some softening in Q4. And we've built that into our guidance already, yes. Remember also, John, that our PC board business is about 70% equipment, 30% consumable. So we still see the front end of the equipment, particularly as they launch some of these newer products, the equipment sales are still relatively strong because many of these newer products that are being launched require new equipment configurations.
David B. Speer: Well, Dean, I think what I would say is that the restructuring that we've indicated in the Q4 numbers are obviously a result of 2 things. One is, we do see some slowing in some end markets that would require some level of restructuring already, which we're focused on, and the increased activity level in acquisitions over the 1.5 years, which also feeds restructuring projects. Those are probably the 2 primary reasons for the higher fourth quarter level. In terms of what we would expect to see, in terms of restructuring in 2012 and ahead. Obviously, we haven't cast any of those numbers yet, but as we look at what we would expect to see from an economic standpoint next year, it may well lead to us looking at further restructuring to size our businesses according to what we might see the economic activity levels to look like. But it'd be premature to talk about that at this stage since we haven't really gone through all of that analyses yet. But in terms of our continuing business simplification efforts, those remain underway and have always been integrated in our restructuring plans and programs along the way. So there's nothing at the moment that we would highlight as it relates to 2012 or any of that activity. But certainly, as our plans for 2012 begin to firm up and as we begin to look ahead to what the economic scenarios look like, we'll certainly share more of that at our Investor Day in December. But we really don't have anything that, at the moment, I would flag.
David B. Speer: There is not any significant synergy between the Automotive Aftermarket business and our OEM business. The OEM business is selling really product into the OEMs as vehicle parts and components. The aftermarket business is really broken into several categories: maintenance products, repair products and then the appearance product categories. So those are all unique products that don't cross over at all with our OEM business. The Automotive Aftermarket has obviously some different growth trends: Miles driven are an important factor, and age of vehicles. It's a particularly attractive market overseas in the maintenance and repair categories. And here -- in the repair category and the appearance categories are probably of higher growth and higher interest. So they operate differently globally, the end markets in Automotive Aftermarket. But it's an that we've been flagging for the last 3 or 4 years as we have acquired several businesses in that space. And we like the underlying dynamics of the space. We think it's got a nice growth characteristic and we like the margin profile of the businesses that we've been able to put together in our portfolio in the Automotive Aftermarket category. And you may recall, we highlighted that as one of our future growth platforms last year. And I think we will continue to focus on that as we see the opportunities.
David B. Speer: Yes, our original forecast, so it's modestly down from what our forecast had been originally for Q4. But as you point out, very much in line with what we actually saw in Q3. So I think what we've seen is at least some moderation and slowdown. You may recall that our original forecast for Q3 was also closer to 7% and we came in at 6.2%, so we've seen some modest level of slowing. I think that's what we would anticipate as we look ahead to Q4, a similar range but not anything dramatic.
David B. Speer: Well, there's a lot of variables that go into citing that number. Obviously, it's based on what we see in the pipeline at the moment and what transactions we think could likely close during the quarter, and I think it's based on that. I think I commented earlier about the environment. I think the environment, from a valuation standpoint, still remains, in my view, challenging. There's still a lot of expectations of higher valuations that we're not comfortable with. That has some impact on how we would look at the success rate, if you will, on closing some of the things that are in the pipeline. So I think it's probably a twofold question. One is, we're close to the end of the year and there's always things that move around in the pipeline and so, trying to predict accurately what the exact number will be for Q4, and therefore, for the year, is a little more challenging. And secondly, the things in the pipeline that the valuations could change in the last 30 days, and we may elect not to be in. So it is a more volatile environment in that regard. So it -- a little more caution in our look at the pipeline as we provide these sort of updates on what we see happening is probably reasonable, given the environment.
David B. Speer: Mark, we don't have that number with us here but we'll see if we can find that. But it's probably somewhere in the $500 million to $700 million range.
David B. Speer: We continue to work with Graco and the FTC to gain the FTC approval. I think, as was noted in our last call, there was a second request made by the FTC for additional information, which we and Graco have provided. And we're working through the remaining questions the FTC has with the hopes of getting their approval and clearance sometime in the next 60 days or so.
David B. Speer: Well, I don't have the sequential data for the quarter, if that's what you mean. But I think what I would say is that we have seen, as I think John pointed out in his earlier commentary, the equipment businesses have remained stronger than the consumable businesses, equipment businesses still in -- modestly in the double digits and the consumable businesses in the lower-single digits. So we're seeing they're pretty much in line with the activity levels that we would've expected at this stage in those businesses. I don't really give you a read on Q4 that's much different than what we saw in Q3. The early look at our Q4 numbers would suggest, sort of in line with what we saw, overall growth to be, on a comparable basis, probably up in the mid-single digits for the category as we head into Q4. But not a lot more flavor than that at this stage, Ajay.
David B. Speer: So on a relatively stable environment, Ajay, what we would normally see is that the prices will generally hold. In some cases, we have to provide some price relief if the commodity costs go down, but we generally are able to protect margins better in a declining commodity environment than obviously we are in a rising one. Our view at the moment for 2012 on most of these commodities is we'd expect to see a relatively stable environment entering the year, which means that, when we do develop our final numbers for 2012, we'd expect to probably see some positive price comp -- price/cost comps for the year.
Ronald D. Kropp: Thanks, David. Good morning, everyone. Here are the highlights for the third quarter. Revenues increased 16% primarily due to higher base revenues, acquisition and translation. Operating income was $714 million, which was higher than last year by $95 million. Operating margins of 15.6% were lower by 10 basis points versus last year. Diluted income per share from continuing operations was $1, which was higher than last year by $0.20 and was on the higher end of our forecast range of $0.95 to $1.03. Finally, free operating cash flow is very strong at $704 million or 139% of net income. Now let's go to the components of our operating results. Our 16.2% revenue increase was primarily due to 3 factors. First, base revenues were up 6.2%, with North American base revenues increasing 7.8% and international base revenues up 4.2%. Next, currency translation increased revenues by 4.7%. Lastly, acquisitions net of divestitures added 5.3% to revenue growth. Operating margins for the third quarter of 15.6% were lower than last year by 10 basis points but higher than last quarter by 20 basis points. The base business margins were higher by 30 basis points versus last year, primarily due to the favorable impact of the higher sales volume, partially offset by the negative impact of non-volume items. Non-volume items reduced base margins by 120 basis points. Included in the non-volume impact for the third quarter was the unfavorable impact of price/cost, which reduced margins by 50 basis points. In addition, margins were lower by 20 basis points due to higher restructuring expenses and the dilutive impact of acquisitions reduced margins by 30 basis points. The net margins from acquisitions, including the amortization of intangibles and step-ups, were 9.1% for the quarter. Excluding this amortization, acquisition margins were 18.6%. When I turn it back over to John, he will provide more details on the operating results as he discusses the individual segments. In the non-operating area, interest expense was higher by $5 million primarily due to the new long-term debt issued in August. And other income expense was favorable by $24 million mainly due to higher interest income and translation gains this year versus losses last year. The third quarter effective tax rate of 29% was lower than last year's rate of 30.2%. Excluding the onetime benefit in the first quarter related to the Australian tax case, the forecasted tax rate for the fourth quarter and full year 2011 is between 28.5% and 29.5%. Turning to the balance sheet. Total invested capital decreased $169 million from the second quarter, primarily due to lower working capital and currency translation. Accounts receivable DSO was 58.7 days versus 61.4 at the end of the second quarter. Inventory months on hand of 1.8 was lower than the 1.9 last quarter. For the third quarter, capital expenditures were $83 million and depreciation was $86 million. ROIC for the third quarter was 15.4%, which was lower than last year by 70 basis points, primarily due to acquisitions. On the financing side, our debt level increased approximately $490 million from the second quarter, due to the new long-term bonds we issued in August, partially offset by lower commercial paper borrowings and currency translation. Our debt-to-capital ratio increased to 32% from 28% last quarter. We issued long-term debt in August to take advantage of historically low long-term rates. Of the $1 billion in bonds we issued, $650 million were 30 years at 4.875% and $350 million were 10 years at 3.375%. We had cash on the balance sheet of $1.3 billion as of September 30, almost all of which is held overseas. Our cash position increased $88 million in the third quarter as our free operating cash flow of $704 million and additional net borrowings of $578 million were utilized for share repurchases of $400 million, acquisitions of $451 million and dividends of $167 million. Year-to-date, we have returned almost $1.5 billion to shareholders via dividends and share repurchases, as well as investing $1.2 billion in acquisitions. During the third quarter, we acquired 8 companies which have annual revenues of $296 million. As a result, through 9 months of 2011, we have acquired 21 companies representing annualized revenues of $781 million. For the full year, we are forecasting acquired revenues between $800 million and $1 billion. I will now turn it back over to John, who will provide more details on our third quarter operating results.
Ronald D. Kropp: For the fourth quarter of 2011, we are forecasting diluted income per share from continuing operations to be within a range of $0.86 to $0.94. The low end of this range assumes a 9.5% increase in total revenues versus 2010 and the high end of the range assumes a 12.5% increase. The midpoint of the EPS range would be 36% higher than last year. For the full year 2011, we have moved our forecasted EPS range for continuing operations to $4.04 to $4.12. This new range essentially encompasses the low end of our previous range. This range assumes a total revenue increase of 15.1% to 15.9%. The new midpoint of $4.08 would be 42% higher than 2010 and is $0.05 lower than our previous midpoint of $4.13. This $0.05 decrease in the midpoint is comprised of a positive Q3 of $0.01, offset by fourth quarter decreases of $0.03 related to currency translation, $0.02 related to lower revenues and $0.01 due to higher restructuring costs. Other assumptions included in this forecast are: exchange rates holding at current levels; acquired revenues between $800 million and $1 billion; restructuring costs of $50 million to $60 million for the year, which is $10 million higher than the previous assumption; and a tax rate range between 28.5% and 29.5% for the fourth quarter and full year, excluding the impact of the first quarter favorable Australian tax case. I will now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
Ronald D. Kropp: So on price/cost, as we've talked about all year, we've been battling cost increases all year. The costs have stabilized in the third quarter, in some cases have gone down in certain categories. So our price/cost overall for the quarter, for the total company, is negative 50 basis points. We expect that to be flat year-on-year in the fourth quarter but an improvement sequentially from the third quarter of this year to the fourth quarter of about 20 basis points. So we have been putting a lot of price increases in place throughout the year. Costs have stabilized, so that'll be less of an issue as we move forward here. Regarding margins, we do expect margins to be significantly higher than last year. Last year, we had relatively low margins in the fourth quarter, in the 12.5% range. We had a very tough December internationally due to weather and some other issues, so we do have an easy comparable. We expect margins to be in the 14.5% to 15.5% range in the fourth quarter. We won't -- we can't really comment on margins for the full year at this point. We typically don't look forward to 2012 at this point in the year.
Ronald D. Kropp: I don't have it off-hand. But generally, there's a fair amount in Europe, there's a fair amount in Asia and Australia. So typical, where we earn the revenues, that's where the cash is. And we hold that overseas and try to reinvest it in the business as well as make overseas acquisitions. Certainly, there's a tax cost of bringing it back to the U.S. and that's why we haven't brought it back.
Ronald D. Kropp: Certainly, it's something we look at all the time. There is a tax cost to bring it back. And the economics around it is, what's the tax burn versus the investment, et cetera? We've been lucky to have enough capital and enough debt capacity in the U.S. to fund all our U.S. investments. And we are making a lot of investments overseas, both from a merging market perspective as well as acquisitions. So we do look at it on a continuous basis to the extent that, if there was any kind of tax law change with the repatriation holiday, we would certainly take advantage of that.
Ronald D. Kropp: The biggest piece of the other relates to a variety of corporate adjustments, the biggest being a mark-to-market on our value of our life insurance policies, which cost us about 50 basis points.
Ronald D. Kropp: No real change. We've always wanted to have a balanced capital allocation, and certainly, depending on the environment, the mix of the different components changes. We -- as we talked about, year-to-date, we've returned to shareholders almost $1.5 billion in dividends and share repurchases and we've spent $1.2 billion on acquisitions. So we've been able to remain relatively balanced. We are slightly above the high end of our target debt-to-cap range of 20% to 30%, but we've always said that's a guideline and we're willing to go above that for the right kind of investments.
Ronald D. Kropp: Ajay, so first of all, to clarify, the price/cost fourth quarter '11, expected versus fourth quarter '10, we expect to be flat year-on-year --
Ronald D. Kropp: Sequentially, it's positive because what we do -- yes, as we put price increases in place, we expect to hold those even as costs moderate a bit. So that's what we would expect going forward here. Assuming that raw material costs stay where they're at, that should be some benefit into '12.
John L. Brooklier: Thank you, Ron. We'll now open the call to your questions. As I said earlier, we ask that you honor our "one question, one follow-up question." We'll start with the questions now.
John L. Brooklier: We did pick up a little bit of incremental growth in the welding area, around the power systems, associated with the hurricane. So typically, what happened: power goes out, we and other companies ship in generators, things of that sort. So, it helped a little bit in the Q3 for our welding business, in North America in particular.
John L. Brooklier: And Mark, also, the fourth quarter tends to be a slower quarter for acquisition activity generally, anyway, because of the holidays. So if you don't have the deal all ready to go before the Christmas season, it tends to fall into the next year.
John L. Brooklier: Okay. Thanks, everybody. We appreciate you participating in the call, and we'll be talking to many of you later. Thank you very much. Have a good day.
John G. Inch: Yes, I know. And even I wasn't just thinking roofing but just, in general, because of weather. I don't know, I was just speculating.
John G. Inch: Okay, well, that makes sense. I want to square up your commentary around consumer electronics demand being relatively solid. I mean, 3M missed numbers on the back of consumer electronics weakness and, whether it be Philips or other companies and just some of the macro data, suggesting that there's a material softening underway. Why is your business different? Is it -- do you think it's a mix issue, a channel, the way you kind of go to market issue? Maybe just help us on that, kind of square those 2 dynamics.
John G. Inch: Yes, I know. The scripts says, "our PC board business" as it pertains to "consumer demand for electronic products remained relatively strong." So is that mix tied to what you just described, David, smartphones and tablets...
John G. Inch: No, that's helpful. Just lastly, would you be considering any kind of cash repatriation, given that -- your commentary that the bulk of your cash is resident overseas? But clearly, you still want to do deals in North America.
Eddie Szeto: Got it. And then just on the repurchase for 3Q, could you give us some sense of the balance of that over the 3 months? Was it more September-weighted? Or anything, that would be helpful.
Eddie Szeto: Fair enough. And then do you guys have any updates on the finishing business, the divestiture there? That would be helpful.
Eddie Szeto: Okay. And just last question for me. It looks like you guys have a $24 million, $25 million other income item this quarter. Just anything there would be helpful.
