Michael Larsen: Hi, thank you, Gary. And good morning and welcome to ITW’s third quarter 2016 conference call. I’m Michael Larsen, ITW’s Senior Vice President and CFO; and joining me this morning is our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi. During today’s call, we will discuss our third quarter 2016 financial results and update you on our 2016 earnings forecast. Before we get to the results, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecasts for the fourth quarter and full-year 2016, as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company’s 2015 Form 10-K and Form 10-Q for the second quarter of 2016 for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures. And while we use very few non-GAAP measures a reconciliation of those non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Scott.
Michael Larsen: Yes, so John, I would just, I wouldn’t read too much into this quarter in Food Equipment, as you know the quarter trends can bounce around a little bit. I think if you look at the year-to-date numbers up in that 3% to 4% range we expect to end up in the same place in Q4 and for the full year. I think Food Equipment more broadly we continue to see strength on the institutional side which is the majority of our business particularly in refrigeration and then on the scale side and the retail business but really nothing to be too concerned about in terms of the demand environment pretty stable as we went through the quarter and we’ll be back on trend in Q4.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think this has a lot more legs to it as we go forward and into next year and beyond. Obviously 40% - builds were up 20% plus. But in terms of kind of what the penetration gains can be, I think that’s directional, that’s where we would expect it to be going forward.
Michael Larsen: And I would just add Joe, specifically to the D3 being down 1, the expectations is for them to be down again in Q4. And that’s fully embedded in our forecast. And I think similar to, in food you’ll see a growth rate in line with what we’ve done historically on the Auto side here in Q4.
Michael Larsen: We haven’t Dave, we haven’t even been through our full planning cycle yet for ‘17, so that happens in November and which is always our normal routine and then we come to December well-armed with pretty good view of what we think we got to be able to accomplish in the upcoming year.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think David, consistent with what we’ve said before and I think Scott just mentioned this, and when we’re talking about welding is, we would expect our incremental margins to continue to be in that 30% to 35% range.
Michael Larsen: Look at welding from last quarter, I mean, our restructuring, when it is, when it tends to be that constant in a segment, we’re doing it every quarter, we talked to you about the overall spend, it’s typically spread pretty evenly, we even talked about it, just part of how we operate. But in the case of welding in Q2, we talked about some fairly sizeable actions and then look at the recovery in Q3 already in terms of margin from that. So in construction this is, the expense side of these, are front-end loaded based on the accounting rules. But the benefits ultimately start to show up maybe not fully in Q4 but certainly over the next three quarters or so.
Michael Larsen: Yes, Nigel, as you know, we and as we said, our Q4 organic growth forecast is based on the Q3 exit run rates from a demand standpoint. And really what some of the deviations from that you see are really more comparison issue than anything else. And I think you asked about automotive, if you look at the year-to-date growth rate in that 4% to 5% range, that’s probably what you would expect to see given current run rates and given the comps here in the fourth quarter.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean, I think Test & Measurement, the comparison is really to drive out the big 7% increase this quarter. That normalizes a little bit here in Q4, and I think you will see probably a year-over-year increase in Q4 that’s in the low-single digits in Test & Measurement. And it’s really driven by the continued sluggish demand for capital equipment which impacts the Test & Measurement side of that segment.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I’m not sure how you got that Nigel I mean Q4 is going to look a lot like Q3 in terms of the EF&C impact. So you saw the margin dilution 80 basis points at the enterprise level. We’d expect the same here in Q4. Revenues in Q3, $117 million which is in line with what we expected and we expect something very similar to that here in the fourth quarter. And then finally on the EPS side, consistent with what we said before, EPS neutral in the first six months here in the second half of ‘16 and then accretive, I would expect you to be accretive as we get into ‘17 and we have to go through the planning process as Scott said and then we’ll give you an update when we get to giving guidance for 2017.
Michael Larsen: It might be it’s hard to forecast to that level of detail. But what is going to be with us on a go-forward basis of these core margins, in the mid-20s.
Michael Larsen: Yes, no, I think rather than go through the individual pieces here Andy I’d rather wait until we can give you the complete picture, also and include in that the guidance here for next year. What I will tell you is that the business is actually performing a little bit better than what we thought from an operational standpoint. The operating margins are like where we thought they were going to be. There were no surprises from a purchase accounting standpoint. And like we said there was no EPS impact here in the quarter.
Michael Larsen: That’s exactly right. So that’s the way to think about it. And we’ve talked about this Andy. When we give you guidance for ‘17, we’ll give a complete picture.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think automotive aftermarket was pretty stable here again, flat to slightly positive. The decline is really tied to the maintenance, industrial MRO side of that business so industrial lubricants and consistent with what we’ve seen in prior quarters. That is still somewhat challenged, the industrial MRO side.
Michael Larsen: I think Europe was pretty good this quarter up 2%, pretty steady and really nothing unusual as we went through the quarter or nothing really material to point out on a country level. So pretty steady state, we feel pretty good about the demand levels, obviously up 2% and feel good about it going into Q4.
Michael Larsen: No, I mean, overall U.K. as you know, our U.K. business overall, I’m not talking construction, it’s about 4% of sales and was actually positive in the quarter, like we talked about before the impact right now what we’re seeing is on the currency side moving on to translation side of things. But we haven’t seen anything other than that that’s worth mentioning.
Michael Larsen: Yes, the impact is really on the translation side. So we are, we have run profitable businesses in the U.K. and when we bring those, we translate those, pound, British Pound, earnings into U.S. dollars, there is a headwind. And so that’s what we’re talking about.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean, when we were talking about this product mix, I think in North America and so, our content for vehicle might be slightly different by product line and that’s really what we’re talking about.
Michael Larsen: Yes, pricing is not a big margin driver for us here. Really the big margin driver is and has been I think Scott mentioned 12 quarters in a row of the enterprise initiatives, that’s really what’s driving the margin expansion. And the incremental margins, to go back and look historically that’s where the company has been for a very long time in that 30% to 35% range. And really on the pricing side, all we’re trying to do is to offset some material cost inflation but it’s not the key driver of our growth or of our margin expansion.
Michael Larsen: Yes, no there is really nothing interesting to report. I mean, like I think I said all we’re trying to do is offset to the extent that there is material cost inflation that’s we’re trying to offset that with price. We’ve been in this, 10 basis points to 20 basis points range for a number of quarters here, actually longer than that. And we expect to stay in that range on a go-forward basis.
Michael Larsen: We’re not seeing any material cost inflation at this point. And when we do we will react like I said, and do our best in the divisions to offset that with efficiency and with price.
Michael Larsen: So, I think on the free cash flow, like I said on a year-to-date basis we’re exactly what we were last year so there is, things can move around a little bit on a quarterly basis, for example, our CapEx number is up a little bit this quarter, but year-to-date it’s exactly in line with last year. And then maybe some larger payments that go out in one quarter versus another, we fully expect we’ll be at above 100% for the year, which would imply a strong Q4, which seasonally that’s what we usually do. So, other than that, we feel very good about the free cash flow performance. And on the construction side, I would just add, similar to what we said earlier, I mean, demand is pretty steady state. There are some comp issues that we’re dealing with but we feel good about the using current run rates to model the fourth quarter and we’re not expecting any big changes from where we are right now.
Scott Santi: Our exposures there really have fallen into two buckets. One is and largely clean-room MRO collection of businesses, that’s a pretty steady Eddie business. And then the other piece which is where we saw some of the big driver of the year-on-year growth improvement was really on the Equipment side so we’re producing equipment that people use to produce circuit boards. And that business again Michael talked about it was up somewhat in the quarter but also on a very low comp on the prior year. So I think we would not describe that business as being down significantly or being under pressure but it’s also I wouldn’t read a lot into the year-on-year growth number either.
Scott Santi: We’ve talked about this a number of times in the past. On the Auto business for us is one where we do have a reasonable amount of forward visibility typically two to three years. So we have, we feel very good about our pipeline of new content going on new vehicles. Certainly we will be impacted on a relative basis based on the overall build levels in the market but our ability to continue to outgrow whatever the market growth rate is. If it flattens out we would still expect it to be positive by 200 to 400 basis points. And that’s pretty much a three-year kind of look. We’ve got some great backlogs and great programs in place and a lot of really compelling things we’re working on. So it’s an area that we are very bullish on, on a long-term basis.
Scott Santi: The Auto margin still is largely about the value-add content we put in the products. So we have talked I think on a number of occasions of our business being very niche, very oriented around solving tough problems for our OEM customers. We’re not planning in the bumpers on whatever model car you’re talking about. We’re at an RFQ bidder, we’re problem solver. So, from the standpoint of the overall margin performance in that business, it largely is a function of our discipline around the types of opportunities we’re going to engage yet with our customers and how well our skill-set matches up with what they need partner to do. So, I think we’re in really good shape. These are typically longer-term, six-seven-year kinds of program. And certainly there are some commitments often embedded in terms of annual cost tick-up, those are fully baked in terms of our knowledge upfront. And we would work really hard on delivering value not only in the design of the actual solution but then on an ongoing basis continue to drive benefits for customers that also drive benefits for the company.
Scott Santi: Your final comment would be very hard for me to see any scenario where that would be the case. We’ve, the teams in welding have done a really nice job of adjusting cost structure to the overall - current demand environment. But there is nothing. We’ve also been very clear and we’ve worked very hard on making sure that all of our, sort of important growth investments remains fully funded throughout this down-cycle. So, it is largely a matter of lot of reapplication of 80/20, a lot of focus and prioritization, it’s not about cutting muscle it’s about adjusting the cost structures. So from a standpoint of how it looks on a go-forward basis, I would have a hard time seeing any scenario where the incremental margins on the recovery would be far outside of our traditional 30% to 35% bucket.
Scott Santi: I’ll tell you what I would probably not want to give into the forecasting business here. It’s been we’re going up on eight quarters now, some pretty significant contraction. And we got to see it flatten out first, I would say from the standpoint of just sequential daily order rate demand transit has been pretty solid, pretty steady state for the last three or four quarters here. But it’s not - we’re assuming not seeing any signs of any pick up at this point. I would really hesitate to call a turn at some point in the future but we’re well positioned to participate in it when it happens. And I think we’re managing the business through this down-cycle pretty well.
Scott Santi: Yes, the second answer - the answer to the second question is no. Great fundamentals in that business and I would say as with all of our seven businesses, they are in terms of the work they’ve done moving through, these enterprise strategy initiatives they all started in a different place, they all had their own level of work to be done and Test & Measurement’s case, there were recent progress in terms of outcome is not worthy but they’ve been doing things inside that haven’t necessarily showed up in terms of margin for the last six or eight quarters. And so I’m very pleased with now what’s starting to show up and they’ve been on a pretty good track all the way long in terms of what they’ve been working on to get where they can be. And as you said, still have more room to go.
Scott Santi: Well, it wasn’t necessarily out of the blue but there was, there are, from day one we knew that there was a lot to get down there, they’ve gone through a couple of cycles. And this particular project that has certainly, have visible impact on margin in Q1 was one that has been in the planning cycle for a while. But it was among our most complex structures in the company if you go back to - I'm talking about European Construction. And so, we’ve talked in the past about not only the work we’ve been doing but the way we’ve been doing the work in terms of doing it in a methodical fashion in a way that doesn’t impair our ability to serve our customers and generate some reasonable incremental progress along the way. So, while this was, this particular activity was known, we knew we were going to have to do it almost back to the beginning, it’s one where we also are now going to place from a standpoint of time and where we’re in a position to do it and do it in a way that doesn’t impact our ability to serve our customers in the region. So, it wasn’t out of the blue from our standpoint by any stretch.
Scott Santi: I wouldn’t say Mig it’s a slowdown, again if you go back and look, service in North America was up 4% in Q3 last year we’re up 2% this year, that’s pretty solid. But we’ve also talked about the fact that we think there is more potential here for organic growth, that’s probably closer to what we’re seeing at least on the equipment side.
Scott Santi: No, that’s not it at all. I think if you go back and look I don’t think we’ve put up 4% to 5% in service since 2014. But I think going forward that’s not an unrealistic expectation. I mean, services is stable here, we talked about this last quarter, also little bit of PLS in some parts of the business. But overall, kind of been this low single-digit is a pretty good way to think about the business on a go-forward basis, from a growth standpoint. And then obviously as you know this is a very profitable part of the business, more profitable than the equipment side.
Scott Santi: So, I’m just saying Mig, 25.5% in automotive pretty solid margins and you’re right to point out that the volume leverage really here is the reason why I didn’t show up is the product mix issue.
Scott Santi: In fact means that the charges basically ate up what the business earned in the last couple of quarters, yes.
Scott Santi: Well, I think what I would prefer to do is like to go through this planning cycle that we just talked about we will give you a good update on that in December. But I think before we do any speculating let our businesses run their plans for ‘17 through and then we’ll have a better picture there. Clearly at some point they will start lining down. I would also argue on the other side, we are - this is activity that is very healthy from the standpoint of profitability and focus. So to the extent that there is continued activity there that we’re going to continue to continue to support it until we get all the stuff out of here that we think needs to go so we can really focus on in the highly profitable parts of our business that we think have long-term growth potential. So, we’ll see what happens. I would expect it certainly things start to at least stabilize there if not start to slow down. But until we go through the actual details of what our businesses have in mind for next year, it’s hard to comment.
