Scott Santi: I was going to say, I think Michael told you exactly where we're seeing it, which is a couple of pockets. One is the auto aftermarket business for reasons that are pretty logical related to the gas prices and consumers' discretionary spending in that arena and then the other is our international construction businesses that we did see a little bit of a pullback. Those 2 -- those businesses combined represent, I think, less than 15% of the company's overall revenues. And for the other 85%, we see things remain very strong.
Scott Santi: Yes. The biggest positions we have in both of those markets is by far residential. So I think they mostly speak to what's going on in those markets in the residential side in both Europe and Australia.
Scott Santi: And just maybe a little additional color. The real strike there in Q2 is the Industrial side. I think, Jeff, part of your question was related to the channel, and that's not a product -- a category of products that typically is inventory in a significant degree of the channel. These are larger, more complex products, machines and systems and they are typically sold into end users for specific projects. So there's not a lot of channel inventory at any point on those products.
Scott Santi: We do almost -- yes. Sorry to cut you off, Scott. I'll let you finish your question. I was just going to say, we are producing locally to sell locally. We do very little cross-border commerce, either on the input side or the export side. There's a little bit here and there, but less than 5% of our revenue. It's something like. Yes, it's something like 2% of our imports are from China. I mean, it's really de minimis. We are produced where we sell a company. Our suppliers are local, our customers are local so our exposure is largely translation. So we are sourcing in the same currency that we are producing and selling in the vast majority of cases.
Scott Santi: I think, Joe, we really highlighted the 2 big ones, which is construction, residential and then the automotive aftermarket business. The other one maybe that I would add is in our specialty business, we do a fair amount of consumer packaging. So beverages and resealable closures for things like cheese and other food products that I think have generally proven to be pretty resilient during times of economic contraction, consumer staples basically.
Scott Santi: What I would say overall is we have no visibility to any improvement. We are not planning on it. I'm sure that it will get better at some point. I think we have been -- our business has been very resilient in terms of working their way through various issues and challenges, computer chips, you name it. And we are finding a way to serve our customers, and that's that remains, I think, the posture that we have. And until it changes, we're not changing what we're doing and I think we're on it, but it's still not easy.
Scott Santi: We've got to get it to our planning process, which is really we're talking about November-ish before we'll have a reasonable view on that, and I think that's the appropriate time.
Scott Santi: Well, I don't know exactly what I can do to reassure you other than to tell you that it continues to be the #1 dominant priority of every member of ITW from China to Europe to North America to South America, and it is, certainly, we think we've got a terrific opportunity going forward. We have done a lot of things in terms of investing and positioning ourselves to execute on it and the proof will be in the pudding. But it's already happening.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think I explained, Andy, can how we do this. I mean, based on all the known price and cost increases as we sit here today, we expect --
Michael Larsen: And decreases in certain cases. That's all of those things are cost decreases. All of those things are baked into our assumption today. And when you project that in a pretty mechanical calculation, so there's no assumption here that things get better or worse, it's based on what we know today, that margin dilution impact is essentially neutral here in the second half of the year. And that's how you get that 200-basis point swing in the second half of the year relative to the first half of the year.
Michael Larsen: Yes. And I would just add to that. I mean, we are also seeing a lot of strength in other parts of the company. So while less than 15% may be experiencing a little bit of a slowdown some of the other segments, Food Equipment, Welding, Test & Measurement, Electronics are off to a really strong start here in Q3. If you just look at our July numbers overall for the company, on a year-over-year basis, we're up 18%. So that is the highest monthly organic growth rate that we've seen all year. Sequentially, from June, we are up in July, where typically we are down and actually, 5 of 7 segments are growing double digits. So there's a lot of strength in other parts of the company that at least for the month of July are offsetting some of the slowing we've seen in the parts of the company that we've talked about.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean, as you know, 80% of our business is North America, and that's where the strength was, up 25%. And really, you heard equipment up 24%, consumables up 19%, strength in industrial and commercial. And then the international side was up 8%. And that's where our primary oil and gas exposure resides. Europe was up 20%. And then the China business was down, which was the lockdowns again. So down about 6%. And we, like I said earlier, are fully expecting to recover that here in the back half of the year. But a lot of strength in the North America business for sure. And I would be remiss if I didn't point out the margin performance of north of 29% operating margin. So a really strong quarter for the welding business, and Q3 is looking really good so far.
Michael Larsen: We are still -- there is a lag here, as you know, from the time we see the cost increases to the price is being realized. That is somewhere between 1 to 2 quarters, and we are still in catch-up mode here in the second half of the year. Obviously, on a margin basis, we talked about that and also on a dollar basis.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think you're right, Steve. There is a lot going on. What I can tell you is that as we kind of peel back the onion on our incrementals, so adjusting for all the things you just talked about, MTS, restructuring and price/cost, we are right back at our core incremental margins in that 35% range right now, and we wouldn't expect anything different in 2023. Obviously, we haven't done the planning yet, but that's kind of long term what you should expect from us is incrementals in that 35% range.
Michael Larsen: I think it's a little too early, Mig. I mean, clearly, there will be some carryover. But to try and quantify that right now for you, I don't think would be helpful.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean, I think the only thing I would point back to is what I said in these prepared remarks is that if you add up the price/cost margin dilution impact during this cycle over this year and last year of about 250 basis points, the expectation is that as things begin to normalize, we will recover that margin impact over time. Now how exactly that will play out and the timing around that is not entire clear as we sit here today. But there will be -- I think it's reasonable to assume that some of that impact will be in 2023.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I agree with that, Mig. I mean, I think if you look at the results we put up so far, and granted there's some recovery in here, but last year, organic was up 12%. The first half is up 10% organic this year. I think relative to peers, we're certainly closing the gap compared to where we were kind of just a few years ago. So I think yes, the proof will be in the organic growth rate numbers that we're going to put up. But I also will tell you there is a high degree of confidence that we are making significant progress. Lots more to do, but certainly, we are headed in the right direction here for sure.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean, the big driver for the second half here is what we just talked about, which is 200 basis points of price/cost margin dilution impact in the first half, that's not projected to repeat in the second half. So that's probably the biggest driver. I think you also have to factor in -- if you just run rate -- if you just take our current revenues and project those into Q3 and Q4 because the comps are easing on a year-over-year basis, we'll be putting up some meaningful organic growth rates with all the operating leverage and the incrementals that are returning to something a lot closer to our historical incrementals in the back half of the year. And so those are kind of the big drivers here, less price/cost margin headwind and significant organic growth year-over-year with more normal incremental margins in that 35%, maybe plus range for the back half of the year.
Michael Larsen: It's a little bigger than usual. I mean, as you know, historically, our second half cash flows are always significantly higher than the first half. It's a little bit more this time. We've talked about the fact that we've been very intentional in terms of our working capital investments to support the growth that we're seeing double-digit growth at the top line, mitigate supply chain risk, which is still a reality and then sustain the service levels for our customers. So we will carry whatever inventory we need to do those things. If you look at our months on hand, we're running right around 3 months on hand. And we really only need a slight improvement in that in the months on hand to get to those free cash flow numbers. So as we sit here today, we do have a line of sight to a ramp-up in the second half. But like I said, we think it's a smart use of this balance sheet to support everything we're trying to do from an organic growth standpoint by taking care of our customers. And I will say this, if we come in at the low end of the range, it won't change anything in terms of our capital allocation plans for the year. We'll still do the buyback. We'll still do, obviously, investments. We'll still do the dividend. And so there's really no trade-off here. But obviously, we'd like to hit the free cash flow number, and we have line of sight to doing that for the back half of the year. And we are obviously aware that it's a little bit more of a ramp than what we normally have.
