David Speer: Thank you, John. I'm pleased to report that our 2011 first quarter reached its double-digit organic growth, solid end market demand, strong EPS growth and substantial margin improvement. Here are some of the highlights. Total company organic revenues grew a strong 11.7% in the first quarter. While ITW's organic growth was broad based in the quarter, we especially saw strong growth emanating from our Welding, Transportation OEM, Industrial Packaging, PC Board Fabrication and Test & Measurement businesses. It's clear to us that most of our global end markets continue to improve and that market penetration opportunities remain plentiful. Excluding the one-time tax benefit associated with an Australian tax case, earnings of $0.91 per share were 30% higher than the adjusted year ago quarter. Q1 total company operating margins of 15.6% were 110 basis points higher than the year ago period. Notably, our base businesses accounted for 90 basis points of that margin improvement. We had a good acquisition quarter completing 6 transactions, representing nearly $330 million of annualized revenues. Year-to-date, we have completed 9 transactions for $435 million of annualized acquired revenues. Finally, in recognition of what we believe will continue to be a positive macro environment, we raised our full-year earnings guidance to a range of $4.16 to $4.34. While the new full-year EPS range includes the previously mentioned one-time tax gain, it also represents $0.20 per share of additional operating earnings compared to our initial earnings forecast guidance earlier in January. Now let me turn the call back over to John.
David Speer: Deane, as it relates to European and in Asian numbers, those have shown consistent growth over the last 3 or 4 quarters in that range. So we're continuing to see good results. As John highlighted in his comments, particularly in Germany and France and Europe during the quarter and we continue to see good results in our Asia-Pacific businesses as well. As it relates to the North American Construction businesses, if you look at any of the data John noted in his comments about residential that the annualized rate at the end of Q1 is 564,000 housing starts. Obviously, that is a weak number. In fact, it's lower than the number was this time last year. So our 3% gain in Residential during the quarter was really based on some significant improvement in market penetration. Certainly no market recovery. I suspect that at the levels that we're at today, we're probably going to finish the year on a start standpoint of residential maybe in the 640 to 650 range, well below what we had originally projected in the 675 range. So I think housing remains weak. We continue to perform well in that market given the conditions. The commercial market year-to-date, down just about 10% in square footage on the Dodge contracts, awarded at Dodge data on new contracts awarded. So while we're seeing the rate of decline slowing, it's still negative. And there's some hope that, that number will bottom out perhaps in Q3 or Q4. But I don't think we'll see any significant recovery and start activity in the Commercial this year, perhaps early next year. The Renovation side, Renovations spend has continued to trend up modestly. And we would expect that the rehab renovation market for us, which is primarily residential renovation, to probably show market growth in the 4% to 5% range for the year.
David Speer: No. I mean I think what I said in my earlier answer to Deane's question is we expect the base organic growth in Q2 to be close to 8%. Obviously, North America, we're up 12% in Q1 so it wouldn't be as great. Also as John pointed out, the comparables in Q2 were significantly higher than they are in Q1. So that explains certainly a portion of it. And for the year, probably close to 9% organic. So the year, as the year progresses from Q2 to Q4, the comparables get significantly more challenging. So I don't expect to see in our guidance double-digit organic growth for the next 3 quarters. But certainly, very strong high single-digit growth.
David Speer: Stronger than International, I think that's probably likely so, modestly so. As we saw in the first quarter, International was up a little over 11%. So I would expect it will be modestly stronger than International.
David Speer: Yes, I think the 30% to 35% range is what we've talked about. Obviously, in the front end of that is we received the increases, and in any particular quarter, if there's a lag in getting full price recovery, it tends to push incrementals to the lower end of that range. But I think as Ron pointed out, as recovery occurs, and as we expect to see that happen through Q2, we expect those ranges to narrow. So 30% to 35% is still a good range to use. As things stabilize, it will be closer to 35%.
David Speer: No, it's reflected in our outlook. I think what John pointed out in his comments earlier, we expect the Q2 auto build in North America to be around 3 million units. That's down about 11% from what it was in Q1. Some of that would be impacted, as John pointed out, by revision to the Q2 data as a result of the anticipated parts shortages primarily with Japanese components for the Japanese production here in the U.S. But for the year, the build is somewhere in the 13% to 13.2% range for the U.S., which will be up from last year's build numbers which were just under 12 million. So even with the disruption in the supply line, as John pointed out, it looks like the schedules in Q3 and Q4 will pick up that modest decline in Q2. In Europe, we expect the auto builds in Europe to be somewhere in the 19.5 million range for the year. Q2 will go down. Some of that is the natural trends in the build data, and some of that is impacted also by some of the parts shortages. But overall, we expect that the markets for the year will be up, and there'll be some displacement from Q2 to Q3 and Q4. But we expect an auto build globally of about 75 million units for the year. The Japanese market is the only one that we expect to see a significant impact where the build in Japan, that is for vehicles sold in Japan, will in fact be down as a result of the recent prices.
David Speer: We obviously have the 2010 data and that's the comparables we're providing here based on 2011 compared to 2010. But as Ron points out, we won't have the data for 2009 to do the 2010 comparables. I don't know when will that data be available, Ron.
David Speer: Regarding the geographic Q1 data, John, China was up nearly 20%; Latin America was up about 12%; Europe, 12%; and the Australia, New Zealand region was up about 6%.
David Speer: No, I wouldn't say there was any, I mean obviously, what we've seen in, I think, what John highlighted in his comments, the auto build came in stronger than the original forecast for the quarter. Clearly, the activity in the Welding and the Electronic segments were quite strong, stronger than the initial estimates we had in our Q1 data. So those are probably be the ones I would highlight as being significantly stronger and on the Construction side, the construction market data was weaker than what we had anticipated. So that's sort of the puts and takes.
David Speer: Yes. March also was a 23-day month. So it was significantly a bigger month in terms of days than the other 2 months.
David Speer: I couldn't tell you that without looking at the calendar, it might have been. Nigel, I was talking about relative to January and February, if I misunderstood your question. March was clearly overall stronger than January and February. If you look at it on a daily average basis, it was only modestly better than February.
David Speer: Well, I think what we've said, Nigel, that we've been looking at, and continue to look at our portfolio of businesses as part of our strategic planning process. The Finishing businesses, we have had that platform, if you will, around now since about 20-plus years now. It was a question in those particular groups of businesses as to whether we could grow significantly out of the base businesses that we had and make it to a much larger platform than that. And to do that, we would really needed to have expanded significantly into the liquid pump category. And after looking at that, over a number of period of time, it became apparent with the large players that were in that market space that, that probably is not likely. And we obviously were approached and held discussions about a business that while it had good returns, didn't have strong growth characteristics in and of itself. It wasn't going to offer us the opportunity to significantly scale that platform. So I think that's a pretty good model as to how we would look at, looking at various parts of our portfolio and I think that this one obviously led to significant transaction that will occur some time either late Q2 or Q3.
David Speer: In Construction I think it's simply a question of lag. The biggest input cost in Construction that drives that is steel, and we had significant increases in late Q4 and in the mid-Q1. The increase has slowed during the latter part of the quarter, but significant recovery is already underway and expect to see the impact of that during Q2. Similarly, on the Industrial Packaging side, largely driven by steel and to a lesser extent, by plastic prices. Those are the 2 key inputs for them, the steel strapping and plastic strapping. And a similar sort of answer there in that price recovery, price actions have been taken, we'd expect to see the benefit of that occur during Q2 as well. On the Polymers & Fluids, it's basically chemicals and resin cost that have increased significantly. And much of that occurred during the quarter. So significant increases that were not fully recovered during the quarter, we'd expect to see significant change in that during Q2 as the pricing actions take hold. And we begin to recover from some fairly dramatic cost increases. Some of the cost increases in terms of our input chemicals were up in the 30-plus percent range during the quarter. So a pretty dramatic increase but I think with the pricing actions in place, we'll see significant improvement during Q2.
David Speer: Yes, If you look at, Ajay, the businesses that have really shown strength in Q1, coming off of some probably weaker growth numbers in the second half of last year, certainly in the Welding space, strong growth in Q1. We had good growth in Q3 and Q4, so those businesses clearly have solid traction now. Test & Measurement showed good numbers, good improvement in Q4 and a nice quarter in Q1. So obviously, those businesses have traction, both of them, obviously fall into that Capital Equipment category. And then finally, the Food Equipment group, which we saw some strong equipment numbers during in Q1, as John pointed out in his comments, 9% overall, our organic growth rate in the equipment businesses in Q1. That's really the first strong quarter we've seen in the Food Equipment group. So the later cycle, Equipment businesses have clearly shown some good strength during Q1, building on what had been some earlier good quarters with 2 of the 3, but with the Food Equipment group really the first strong quarter we've seen in some time. In terms of relationship to peak, I wouldn't have the exact data. But based on their participation in this recovery, we wouldn't be any more than perhaps 50% recovered in the Welding space and probably close to that in Test & Measurement but well below that in the Food Equipment space.
David Speer: Well, I think as we've said all along, it's not either or. It's a we have the opportunity to do both. We announced, when we announced the transaction of the Finishing businesses that we intended to use all of those proceeds for share repurchase. So we certainly would expect it to be doing that. And we also have said independent of that, that looking at our acquisition profile for the year and we do that during the Q2 time period that we would expect to see where we think the year will trend. We did not change the guidance on the acquisition profile for the year. But I would expect that based on where we are today that we will certainly be active in doing share repurchase.
David Speer: We certainly changed in other areas. You're right in pointing out that we had a very strong quarter in Power Systems but we also had very strong quarters in several other businesses. As John highlighted in the Transportation segment, Industrial Packaging, Test & Measurement, the Food Equipment groups. So clearly, the profile of what we have seen in the change in the organic numbers is based not solely on what we've seen in Welding but fairly broadly across the board. If you look at the overall number at 9%, roughly for the year, that's about 1.5% higher than the original forecast we provided in January. So we expect the continued strong performance in organic to be above our original guidance.
David Speer: I don't anticipate a significant uptick in Construction in North America and anything related to inventory. I think at the current levels, both in Housing and in Commercial, that we're not going to see any significant uptick in my mind. The market is weaker today in Housing as it was this time last year, so there's no reason for anybody to consider building any significant inventory levels. And the weakness in starts on commercial projects would indicate a similar trend there. So I don't expect we'll see any significant change in inventory profile during the quarter.
David Speer: I think if you look at the growth rates across the portfolio compared to the market growth rates, think with almost no exceptions, the growth rates for us have been higher than the growth rates in the underlying markets, which would indicate at least some level of market penetration gain. Share numbers in markets across our businesses obviously vary widely, but I would suggest that we clearly have seen penetration gains in nearly every segment. Probably strongest in construction in North America because the market is weak and we continue to show signs of growth. But we also saw it obviously in the numbers that we showed in Transportation. In some of the other markets, it's harder to get a precise sort of measure, if you will, of share but relative to market growth rates, I think overall, we probably comped growth rates that are probably 1 in the quarter to 1.5x the market growth rates.
David Speer: Mark, I would just add that obviously, this includes overhead cost and clearly, we did budget increasing overheads. So we would expect these are again year-on-year comparables. So we would expect based on our budgets that we're going to see continued negative numbers on a comparable basis as overhead cost having budgeted higher. I think the half of this that is related to raw material, what I think what Ron was trying to put in perspective is we'd expect that headwind for the year to be probably 50 basis points, not the 100 that we saw for the quarter.
David Speer: No, but obviously, the change in overhead cost are already built into our margin forecast for the year. So these year-on-year comparables, to the extent we add overhead, you'll obviously see a negative number in that line.
David Speer: Yes, it's all of the above, Mark. Clearly, you're right. For the quarter, the comparison of revenues acquired to purchase price is higher. We also bought businesses, notably SOPUS, which come with much stronger growth. Organic growth in that business in the 8% range and much higher margin profile. So if you look at it on an EBITDA basis, I think year-to-date, we're probably slightly north of 8x EBITDA on what we've purchased. So from an earnings standpoint, higher growth businesses with stronger earnings characteristics obviously lead to a higher revenue to acquisition price relationship but I think it's better to look at it on a return basis. So the answer to your question is the return profiles are very similar, but the growth rates and the margin profile, particularly of several of the acquisitions, were definitely different.
David Speer: No. I think the formula for getting there is different. We don't expect to see the typical doubling plus of margins in the business that already comes with high margins. We'll see some improvement. 80-20 will, in fact, yield some improvements in those margins. But obviously it's more based on strong growth with higher margin businesses. And yes, we would fully expect to see those returns beginning to come through in the latter half of the year. You may recall, that obviously the first year of any acquisition, we don't get a lot of -- you don't get a lot of earnings impact in year 1, because of all the amortization step up, and inventories and so forth. But we fully would expect to see the profile in those businesses to yield very strong results in 2012 and ahead.
David Speer: I think on the latter, their primary input materials are stainless steel. And while they have risen, they haven't risen nearly as much as what we've seen with the carbon steel materials. So you're clearly, you're seeing a much more modest impact on their input cost as a result. Their price increase plans covered what they have seen, thus far, in raw material increases. So we haven't seen much of a headwind price cost in that group for our businesses. Regarding the service, yes, I don't draw a whole lot of conclusions from that modest 0.5% growth in North America. We'll see as the year unfolds. But typically, in this business as we expect to see organic growth in this business is somewhere in the 2% to 4% range in a sort of a normal environment. Last year, clearly higher, as people were servicing equipment and not buying new equipments. So we'll probably see some trends unfold here as the year progresses but I don't expect that's going to be radically different from what we had budgeted.
David Speer: Yes, we've done a pretty good look at our supply chain. We're not done with it as you might imagine, it's fairly dynamic. The areas of highlight for us in terms of the supply-chain impact outside of the auto industry as you pointed out, because we covered that already, clearly the Electronics category that has more of an impact on our customers. It's not a significant supply lines or supply-chain issue for us, but it is for a number of our customers particularly with some of the higher-end performance products that Japan is still a significant producer of, silicon wafers and so forth. We expect there'll be some knock-on impact there as things flow through the supply chain, hard to predict right now. We haven't seen any significant change in the demand profile but we expect, as we hear more about customers there'll be some impact in our Electronics businesses. We have some modest impact on availability of some raw materials. Some of the high-performance, printed papers that we use in the Decorative Surfaces category, are sourced from a number of Japanese suppliers, and there has been some modest disruption in the supply chain there. We carry a fairly hefty amount of inventory in those products, so we don't expect that there would be any significant impact. But we are clearly looking at the supply chain across our businesses. And I expect that what we've seen so far is probably more of an impact on our customers and our direct supply chains and probably at this point, I would say primarily in the Electronics weighted category.
David Speer: Yes, we have. And we do about $200 million a year in Japan in revenues and we've obviously factored the haircut into that as well.
David Speer: Well, obviously, we saw strong performance as John pointed out in his comments, particularly in the Welding portion of Power Systems. And the other big one obviously is Electronics. As John noted, the Consumer Electronics category was up about 16% during Q1. That's coming off of a very strong comparable to last year. I expect we'll see that comparable dampen down because we also saw strong growth in Q2 and Q3 last year in the Electronics segments. So I don't expect it to maintain mid-teen growth going forward. The Welding segment, very strong performance in North America driven by heavy equipment in the manufacturing environment. And I expect that we'll continue to see improvements there. But as John also pointed out, the comps, as the year unfolds, get more difficult particularly the latter half of the year. In the second half of the year, we saw some reasonable increase in the Welding equipment space in 2010. So those comps clearly won't continue at the 20-plus percent numbers that John was talking about.
David Speer: Margin improvement side, I expect to continue to see strong margin as we begin to see the incrementals unfold on those businesses based on some pretty strong demand against a fixed cost base that will not increase nearly as rapidly. So I expect we'll continue to see strong margins there. The Welding business margin peak, just to put that in perspective, is close to 28%. So we're not close to that number yet but we'll continue to see, I think, margin improve there, as well as the Electronics segment.
Ronald Kropp: For the second quarter of 2011, we are forecasting diluted income per share from continuing operations to be within a range of $0.99 to $1.05. The low end of this range assumes a 17% increase in total revenues versus 2010, and the high end of the range assumes a 20% increase. The midpoint of the EPS range would be 26% higher than last year. For the full year 2011, our forecasted EPS range is $4.16 to $4.34 based on a total revenue increase of 16% to 18%. The midpoint of $4.25 is $0.20 higher than the midpoint of our previously provided range of $3.93 to $4.17. This new midpoint would be 42% higher than 2010. Other assumptions included in this forecast are exchange rates wholly at current levels, acquired revenues between $800 million and $1 billion, restructuring cost of $30 million to $40 million for the full year and a tax rate range between 28.5% and 29.5% for the second quarter and the full year, excluding the impact of the first quarter favorable tax case. In addition, the forecast does not include any potential impact related to the pending divestiture of the Finishing business. I'll now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
Ronald Kropp: Well, clearly, we continue to see the impact of higher input cost in the first quarter. Most of our input costs were up in the double digit range. And as we look at what the impact was on margins, overall, for the whole company, we had about a negative 100 basis point impact in the first quarter on margins. It would definitely have less of an impact. We have put price increases in place to cover the raw material cost. As you know, even if you recover the dollars, you don't always recover the margin. We're continuing to see more price increases go into play. So the difference between where margins in the first quarter and the second quarter, we should still see a little bit of a negative impact of about 30 basis points from first quarter to second quarter related to price cost, year-on-year closer to 80 to 90 basis points.
Ronald Kropp: Well, I think, we'll start anniversary-ing some of the cost increases we saw at the end of last year, and prices seem to have stabilized a bit where they were up 15%, 20%, 25% in some places. We're expecting more moderate 3% to 4% input cost increases for both steel and resin in the second quarter and really stabilizing after that.
Ronald Kropp: Built into our forecast here for the full year, base business incrementals in that 35-plus range. The next couple quarters will be closer to 30% to 35%. But it'll get better towards the back half of the year.
Ronald Kropp: Ingrid, to add on to that, the good news is if you look at sales rates, sales rates remain strong. People are buying cars, so to the extent the production declines, it's going to bring inventories down. So this, we think, ultimately will get rebalanced as we move through the year, but the underlying fundamental of strong demand is still there.
Ronald Kropp: We've provided the restated 2010 numbers. We have not provided the 2009 restatements yet. So we're still working on that. So until we do 2009, we won't be able to restate the base business.
Ronald Kropp: Yes, we do. In dollars, yes. We don't have the growth rates. We don't have the year-on-year growth rates from '09 to 10, which I think is what...
Ronald Kropp: No. Because we know base business dollars in '10. We may [indiscernible] for '11, we can't compute the '10 to '11.
Ronald Kropp: So let me cover that last question first. So our original guidance midpoint back in January was $3.72. However, we had the tax benefit of 33%. So that was a new midpoint of $4.05. It's now $4.25. So it is $0.20 from that. $0.07 of it is from the first quarter results versus the midpoint. The other $0.13 is the rest of the year. $0.11 is translation; base business is around $0.03, lower tax rate is $0.02 and everything else is a negative $0.03.
Ronald Kropp: Yes. That is the changes in margins and revenue related to non-volume items. So that would include higher or lower overhead, changes in variable margin, benefits of restructuring, that kind of stuff.
Ronald Kropp: But it's not really a budget. But clearly, we expect the impact to mitigate as we move throughout the year, partly as we start to anniversary some of the cost increases that we saw towards the end of last year.
Ronald Kropp: In the fourth quarter last year, we had some also some one-off corporate adjustments that don't necessarily repeat and could go the other way.
Ronald Kropp: Mark, remember, we've done 9 deals, thus far, the SOPUS deal being the biggest, which we paid more for but I think if you look at the other deals, they are that more traditional ITW, what we pay levels.
Ronald Kropp: David, just to confirm the obvious that you've factored some kind of a haircut into your forecast for that.
