Michael Larsen: Well -- so let me just -- it's a good question. So let me just explain kind of how we are modeling price cost because I think there's an opportunity to maybe clarify a few things. So, what we are doing consistent with our past approach around price/cost is we're including in our guidance today. all known cost increases and all of the associate price increases. Those are the two things that we know today. And based on that you saw the actuals of 250 basis points of margin headwind in the first quarter, but actually positive on a dollar-for-dollar basis. As we project into the future based on what we know today, that 250 basis points is going to become less of a drag on a go-forward basis and maybe even turn slightly positive in the back half of the year, okay? So that's kind of -- that's what we know. What we don't know and that's to your question what are the additional cost increases going to be? We don't know as we sit here today, we have not seen anything to really suggest that inflation is slowing down. But we do know that our operating teams will offset any cost increases with price on a dollar-for-dollar basis. And so therefore, EPS-neutral which is a really important point here. But obviously, that will create additional top line growth, but it will also put pressure on margins as this additional top line growth comes through at essentially no incremental margin if that makes sense. So, hopefully that answers your question. So that's what's embedded here. Everything we know as we sit here today is included in our guidance. Additional inflation will be offset on a dollar-for-dollar basis. And to the extent that happens that will put some further pressure on margins. And so hopefully that answers your question.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I agree with that. I would just add. I mean, I think it's a tough number and it doesn't make a lot of sense on a quarterly basis. I think in terms of long term, we're highly confident that we're outgrowing the underlying market by two to three percentage points. What exactly that was in one quarter versus the other is a little bit more difficult to ascertain, especially in the current environment. But on a full year basis, certainly, the way these plans are set up is for two to three percentage points of outgrowth on an annual basis.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So Tami, our growth projection is based on the Q1 actual results that we are reporting today. And then we are projecting based on historical run rates into -- through the balance of the year. So there's really no assumption here, no economic forecasts or an underlying assumptions, things are going to get better in the back half or worse than the back half of the year. It's based on again revenue per day in Q1 and projected into -- through the balance of the year.
Michael Larsen: No. I think the only pricing that is included in our guidance is what we know as of today. So we know, what price increases we have actioned and announced and so that is known. But any further increases beyond that would not be included in our guidance as we sit here today.
Michael Larsen: Well, so I think in Q1 I think Europe was up 7%. I think we're seeing -- we saw some pressure. In -- if you look at the automotive numbers the sales numbers -- we saw a lot of strength on the food equipment side to offset that. I think and if you kind of look at the projection for the balance of the year, I think it adds up to somewhere in the low single-digit type growth rate in Europe. Just to maybe comment or put it down, I think so far through April, everything appears to be on track including Europe.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean I think just to kind of dimensionalize it. China is about 8% of our revenues and I think we -- at this point, we've not seen -- we're obviously not immune to what's going on in China. But like I said so far through April, everything appears to be on track including in China.
Michael Larsen: So ,everything that we know is baked in Joe. So and I think the -- it's fair to say that the inflationary pressures are real across all seven segments. They are a little more pronounced as you can see it in the margins in auto, maybe construction this quarter I mentioned that as well as Polymers & Fluids. I think there is a little bit of a -- we're still catching up to some extent. So, the 250 basis points of headwind will be better starting in Q2 based on what we know today somewhere closer to 200 and then from there in the back half if things stay the way they are like I said earlier we're starting to turn positive. And we're beginning -- I think the important point is we're beginning to recover the margin impact that we've had over the last four or five quarters now. So, I think once we get through this cycle like I said in the prepared remarks and when things do begin to normalize down the road from a supply chain and from a cost standpoint that is when the margin recovery begins. And so we're taking to some extent this is a -- we described it as a near-term pressure here in Q1 and over time we'll begin to recover those margins again.
Michael Larsen: It's a combination of things. I think Jeff, if you go back to our last call the -- what was baked into our guidance at the time was half of the IHS growth build forecast of 9%. So we were basically at somewhere around 4% to 5% builds. And that's where IHS is today. So I think there's actually not a big change relative to where we were three months ago. And what we're basically based on various data inputs including from our customers, we thought the best way to update kind of forecast the auto business is to say that revenues stay where they are which is somewhere around $760 million in Q1 and that's what we've assumed for Q2, Q3 and Q4. So -- and then ultimately, I mean we still believe that down the road, when these supply chain issues get resolved and automotive production recovers, this segment is going to be very well set up as a strong contributor to the overall organic growth rate of the enterprise. But we just think it's going to take a little bit longer based on everything that we are seeing and hearing from our customers.
Michael Larsen: So I think you tried this on the last call to get me to tell you a little bit more about price versus volume. So -- and just to reiterate, these are our best estimates. So I can't give you a lot of detail other than I can tell you that the -- there is volume leverage on the 1% revenue growth increase and that's really the 10% -- $0.10 a share that we're adding to our guidance, okay? So it is not -- from that you can infer, it's not all price. It's a combination of things.
Michael Larsen: Specialty. Yeah, I think specialty is really more of a timing issue related to some specific equipment projects in Europe and a few projects in China. So I think that's really more of a timing issue than anything else. I think if you just kind of take a step back I think you pointed out the right ones, in terms of a lot of strength in certainly Food Equipment, but also Welding. Test & Measurement there's some -- up against some difficult comps. Construction, there's certainly a lot of positive momentum, really across the board. And what does not come across and we've talked about this before, we're not a backlog-driven company. But in the segments that are more exposed to the capital equipment space, so that would include Test & Measurement, Welding, Food & Equipment, we are building significant backlog and really despite the fact that we are performing, like I said, at a high level relative to our competitors, we're building substantial backlog. That's not showing up, obviously, yet in our revenues.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think as you know, I mean, there's still a lot of strength in the US housing market and that's where you saw these residential remodel numbers up 36%. And included in that is also some meaningful share gains, based on what we're seeing in portions of that business, where it's difficult to supply the market, we are taking advantage of our supply position to take share. The commercial side, 15%, that's a smaller part of the business. And then, really, on a geographic basis, it's not just North America, but it's also Europe, up 16%. For example, the UK up 20%; and then Australia and New Zealand still delivering a solid 10%. So it's pretty broad-based and again, we're modeling based on run rates. And so, we have not seen anything to suggest that the market is slowing down at this point.
Michael Larsen: Well, what does get better from here, if things stay the way they are, is price/cost as we talked about. And so, we're going from significant margin dilution here in Q1 of 250 basis points to maybe even slightly positive in the second half of the year. So that's -- and that's based on everything that we know today. And Nigel, it's not that we don't want to -- so the issue around price is that, it is an estimate at best. And it is not -- especially with -- in such a dynamic environment it would be very difficult to sit here and give you a number with a high degree of confidence and we’ve not done that historically. And like, I think, we talked about on the last call, we're not going to go down the path of breaking out price versus volume any further. So that's the best I can do here for you.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think that's productivity. I'm not sure exactly how you get there. I mean I think there's 90 basis points of enterprise initiatives that's not on here.
Michael Larsen: In the 26.1%. And so, is the -- any other productivity gains. There's a couple of things that are nodding here is there's some margin dilution from increased sales commissions. When you grow your revenues double-digit, your commissions are going to go up. But broadly speaking, what we try to do is give you a fairly accurate representation of these near-term pressures and therefore, what our core operating margins are running at, which is somewhere around 26%-plus in the current environment. And as we just talked about these price/cost pressures normalize, that's where we would expect margins to head as we continue on our path to our target of 28%-plus.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. I think that's what I said. Yeah, I think that's a -- based again with the caveat that we are in a very dynamic uncertain environment. But to the extent that -- based on what we know today that is -- that would be correct.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. We don't agree with that one. Two, I'm not quite sure what you're -- what data you're looking at. So it's a little bit difficult for me to comment. All I can do is report the actual results for our Food Equipment business, for example. And I think we give you a fair bit of detail including by end market. And beyond that I can't really -- like I said before, we don't report price versus volume and so I'm not sure I can help you.
Michael Larsen: Well, so, I think let me just start by saying that our customer relationships are strategic long-term relationships. We're not trying to maximize price. We're trying to serve our customers and make sure that we get paid for offering a really differentiated product service or solution. So we've always had pricing power in these businesses. I think ultimately, these are going to be discussions with customers when costs start to normalize and there might be a few exceptions, but by and large, we expect to hold on to these price increases to recover the margins like I said earlier. So that's typically what happens. If you go back and look in time, we're going to end up with a period where we recover that margin percentage and we don't expect the current cycle to be any different.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. So let me address that. I mean, I think, we're still in that 46% to 47% in the first half and the balance in the second half. And the big driver really is, what we've talked about it feels like for a while here is price/cost beginning to turn positive, based again on the assumptions that we're making in our guidance. So that's the drive. Now historically, we do 49%, 51%. So it's a couple of percentage points. So, but it is a little bit more back-end loaded. We expect that as we go through the year, sequentially starting in Q2 margins will improve and so will revenues. And that's just based again on kind of historical run rates. And so we expect a steady kind of improvement in Q2, Q3 and in Q4 including on the margin side. Whether it's exactly the number you laid out, I can't really comment. But directionally that's – that is the right way to look at it.
Michael Larsen: Well, so I think if you look at our inventory levels, we were running at about three months on hand. Our historical is two months. And so we have an extra month of inventory on hand. And I think we've been very clear about why that is. It's to mitigate supply chain risk, it's to take care of our customers and ultimately to win this recovery and take share at a point where our competitors are maybe not able to service our customers. So that's the vast majority of these inventory increases, just kind of maybe a little housekeeping. If you look at our conversion rate here in Q1 the difference between the 38% and the 80% to 85% is about $300 million of working capital very intentional investments. We believe a really smart use of our balance sheet. And you saw the top line growth, right at 11% organic this quarter. That I would argue would not have happened if we've not taken this approach starting really last year to make a conscious decision to invest in inventory. And then, obviously, receivables will go up as you grow double-digit. Ultimately, we don't see any reason why structurally when supply chain begins to normalize both from an availability standpoint and also from a cost standpoint that we will go back to two months on hand. And at that point if that happens you'll see these free cash flow numbers will deliver above-average performance, until we're back to kind of normal levels. So we view this really as a temporary increase in working capital.  How quickly that will come down, depends on a lot of things, including what you're talking about and -- which is inventory in the channel where we really don't have a lot of visibility. Other than I can tell you, for the most part the channel does not carry a lot of inventory because they're used to the fact that we will take care of them when they need products. So there's no incentive for them to carry a lot of extra inventory. So, that's probably the best I can give you Julian.
