Michael Larsen: Thank you, Nancy. Good morning, and welcome to ITW’s third quarter 2017 conference call. I am Michael Larsen, ITW’s Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining me this morning is our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi. During today’s call, we will discuss our third quarter financial results and update you on our 2017 earnings forecast. Before we get to the results, let me remind you on slide two that this presentation contains our financial forecasts for the fourth quarter and full year 2017 as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company’s 2016 Form 10-K for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. With that, I’ll turn the call over to Scott.
Michael Larsen: Right, Andy. So clearly, we've seen a little bit of pullback here on the demand side. If you look at it in North America, the equipment side, down 6%. If you look at it by end market, the institutional side was only down slightly, down 1%. And restaurants were actually positive for us, up 1%. And if you'll recall in the last quarter, restaurant was actually down 7%. So, restaurants were up 1%. And then the retail side is where we had the comparison challenge in terms of product rollouts last year that didn't repeat this year in the retail side, which was the scales and the weigh wrap equipment was down 13% on a year-over-year basis.
Michael Larsen: Yeah, I know it's -- you're right, it's been a little bit weaker than expected, and based on what we're seeing in the business, we're not expecting anything very different in Q4, which as always, is based on current run rates. So, we're not seeing anything to suggest that these markets are coming back in the near term.
Michael Larsen: Yeah, I think what you'll see, Nigel, based on current run rates, most of our businesses will improve their year-over-year organic growth rate in the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. It's actually not that much of a mix issue, Nigel. If you look at our business and you don't see this, but if you look at the profitability by geography, it's very similar across North America, Europe and China. Really, what you're seeing in the Automotive margins is the price/cost equation being negative here in the near term.
Michael Larsen: The bulk of it, Joe, I mean, so you're seeing a little bit of steel inflation coming through on the Welding side, and then you saw the 70 basis points of increased restructuring costs year-over-year. I think if you look at the year-to-date performance and for the full year, we expect to be in this 27% range in Q4 and for the full year. So really nothing unusual beyond those two items.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. I mean, that's part of it. I think, in Electronics this quarter, like, I think, we said in the script here is, Electronics was up 13% last year and so a tough comp and so they will get a little bit better here in the fourth quarter. But I think as we look at it, based on current run rates, the majority of our segments will have a higher year-over-year growth rate in Q4 than they did in Q3.
Michael Larsen: Yeah, thank you, Jamie. And I think we would – the way we think about it is that despite the considerable progress at the enterprise level and also by segment that we've shown you that data in the past, we believe that there's more room for improvement here. And I think that's a -- we believe that's true for all of our segments and that's based on what they're telling us. This is not what we here at corporate think. This is based on the roll up from the divisions. And we'll see what 2018 looks like, but we expect at least another 100 basis points of margin expansion just from the Enterprise Initiatives alone. And just as an aside, if you look at – 
Michael Larsen: In 2018 over 2017. And just as an aside, if you look at Q3, every one of the segments had at least 90 basis points of Enterprise Initiative impact. So, it’s broad-based, it's still going on and is having a meaningful impact on our margins. The other point, I'll just make, if you look at – if you go back to slide 6 on the deck, you can see that our seven segments are all starting to cluster around the mid to high 20s from an operating margin standpoint. And some of these businesses have improved by more than 10 percentage points since we started the enterprise strategy. And I think that the fact that they're now clustering in the mid-20s really speaks to how powerful, our differentiated business model is. And as we continue to focus on leveraging that, we expect to continue to see improved margins across the portfolio, and therefore also at the enterprise level.
Michael Larsen: Yeah, so this was all planned, Steve, at the division level. So, I think I can't really point to any one segment. There's still –the 80/20 initiatives are broad-based across 85 divisions. And like I said, when you we rolled up the number for the quarter, it was 70 basis points, a little bit higher than what we had expected maybe, but that's actually a good thing, as I tried to say earlier.
Michael Larsen: No, I think when we looked at the monthlies they were all right in line with run rate and what we had expected. So, nothing unusual from a monthly standpoint.
Michael Larsen: I think that business can be – commercial construction side can be a little lumpy. I think that market, I would probably say, is flat to maybe slightly negative, maybe slowing a little bit on the commercial construction side, but more than offset by the 7% growth that you saw in residential. And just if you look at commercial construction business on a year-to-date basis, it's flat, which is probably in line with where we see the market right now.
Michael Larsen: The vast majority of our international sales, so I don't think we have much in terms of read-through.
Scott Santi: Well, I think overall, what I would say is we certainly are getting much better balanc across the portfolio. Keep in mind that there is – and this is just repeating something you already know, but there has been an intense focus on a lot of the restructuring initiatives going on inside the company related to our Enterprise Initiatives. 85 divisions across the company all starting to make this pivot, all of them in various – in different stages in terms of making that turn. But I think the encouraging part in terms of what we see is that we're getting better balance across the portfolio. All seven of our businesses are improving in terms of their year-on-year organic growth rate. But it's not a matter of just simply flipping the switch. It is a matter of making a progress on the things that they're focused on internally and then making the shift in terms of the relative balance of effort, energy, attention and investment around growth initiatives. And those are all transitioning across again 85 different divisions across the company. So, I think as we look in terms of our progress to date, I think Michael talked about it, I think our – the fact that we've been able to get the organic growth rate up better than a full percentage point this year relative to last year with the two businesses that were generating the fastest organic growth for us being in -- experiencing some challenging near-term market conditions, I think, overall feels pretty good. And certainly, understanding what's going on inside these businesses and the kind of progress they're making in terms of this turn, I think we're set up well for another -- we'll talk about 2018 in December so we won't get ahead of ourselves, but we expect continued progress in 2018.
Scott Santi: Yes, I feel confident that our -- we'll be able to make another step change improvement in overall organic growth rate in 2018 relative to 2017.
Scott Santi: Yes. I think for Food Equipment, first, Nigel, I would expect a growth rate in Q4 on a year-over-year basis that is similar to what we just had here in Q3, maybe a little bit better than Q3 based on current run rates. I think for the Automotive business, the organic growth rate in Q4, on a year-over-year basis based on current run rates should be slightly better than Q3 and also factoring in the forecast from IHS that I just went through. So, if you look at in Q4, North America is down less than it was in Q4 and the Detroit 3 are down less in Q4 than they were in Q3. So, both those businesses should be in line with Q3, maybe a little bit better on a year-over-year basis in Q4.
Scott Santi: So, Joe, on 2018, I think we're going to have to wait until -- when we get together in New York in December. I think, we haven't rolled out the annual plan here yet, so I wouldn't be -- I really don't want to comment on 2018 yet at this point. I think what we did say on the call last time where the headwind was 50 basis points in Q2, that we expected it to get better from here on out. We just did 40 basis points in Q3. We expect it to be a little bit better than that here in Q4. And so, for the full year, it should be about 40 basis points of headwind. And I'll just -- to put it in context, I mean, we just took up our margin guidance for the full year. We expect to be at 24% operating margin, and that's after offsetting 40 basis points of price/cost headwind here in 2017. So, we -- fundamentally, nothing has changed in terms of how we look at the price/cost equation. Should get a little better in Q4 and then we'll give you an update in December when we get together in New York in terms of what it might look like for 2018.
Scott Santi: Yeah. I think we’ve got to defer you to December, sorry. Our plans are still coming together. I would expect every one of our seven businesses to be better in 2018 than they were in 2017.
Scott Santi: Now what exactly that looks like, we got to get through the annual plan process here and then we'll -- we can talk about it in December.
Scott Santi: Well, I'd make two comments. One is that -- one would be just to remind you that PMI was strong in 2014, 2015 and 2016 when overall organic rates in our industry were not particularly strong, so I'm not sure that, that's the best parameter necessarily. But I would say overall is we are all about what's within our control. So as Michael said, none of our forecast is ever related to anything other than current run rates and what we expect to do incremental beyond that. So, everything that we are committing to, everything that we are working on is all in the realm of the various areas within our control. So, pivot to organic growth is much more focused on, as we talked about, additional penetration opportunities with our biggest and best customers, a very healthy and productive new product pipeline and some combination thereof across all sets of our businesses.
Scott Santi: I think it'll -- it's hard to tell. It may be in line with what we're seeing this year, maybe a little bit lower than that. I'll just -- the PLS is a drag on organic growth rate but it is really a very positive thing for what we're trying to do from an 80/20 standpoint. It really sets up the portfolio for much stronger organic growth on a go-forward basis with best-in-class margins and returns. So, we haven't talked about it much this year. We – I mentioned it today because it was a little bit higher, it can be a little bit lumpy as we go through these projects across 85 divisions. And when we rolled it out, we were a little bit higher than the average for this year. But in 2018, we're probably going to enter into more of a maintenance mode. What that number looks like, I don't know right now but it's probably a little bit lower than what we have seen this year. 
Scott Santi: So, I'd say that the first point of your question was correct that you do see the impact of price/cost in gross margins. But you also see the impact of the strategic sourcing efforts in the gross margins.
Scott Santi: So really on the indirect side is not -- it's really primarily on the direct side. And the only point we're making, Ann, is if we take those -- if we were to report those Strategic Sourcing savings in the price/cost number as some of our peers are doing, not saying it’s good or bad, I'm just saying the way we report it looks a little bit different than some of our peers, the price/cost equation would be positive this year and it would have been positive in Q3.
Scott Santi: Yeah, so Ann, let me just say first, we have more than 300 employees in Houston, 400 in Florida, 20 employees in Puerto Rico, and the most important thing as we talked about the impact of the storms is that they're all safe and we're only a small number of them are personally invited. And all of our facilities, the eight facilities in the region, we didn't have a lot of significant damage and we're back up – and they were back up and running pretty quickly. So, in terms of the results here in the near term, there were certainly some puts and takes by business, which is what you're getting at. We did see a little bit of an uptick on the welding side as well as the construction side. And that was offset actually by some Food Equipment orders that were not shipped into the region where the customer elected to defer for now. So overall, probably neutral for ITW here in terms of the third quarter. I think longer term this will probably be a net positive for some of our businesses, especially on the Construction side. But we've not put anything in the forecast at this point.
Scott Santi: So, if you look at, Nathan, so there's a line in the income statement in the schedule on the back where we typically, on a quarterly basis, have $20 million of unallocated cost. That has flipped positive with the legal settlement. I would expect for next year that our corporate cost will be flat on a year-over-year basis. And so, as a result of that, you'll see – we will come back to that $20 million of unallocated cost in the income statement as we go through next year on a quarterly basis. So, don't expect any big changes from a corporate cost standpoint.
Scott Santi: It's really the majority of what we're showing there is oil and gas, so international was down. I think oil and gas international was down 11%, which is in line with the overall number for the international side.
Scott Santi: Yes. I think, Joe, if you remember last year, the Auto business in China was up 40% year-over-year, so that was – so this was a tough comp, and despite that, the business was up 10%, the Automotive business in China. When we look at China, it's – the strength is really broad-based. So, Test & Measurement, Food, Polymers & Fluids, Welding all positive, Specialty Products all positive here in the third quarter, up 13%. And on a year-to-date basis, the same is true and our businesses in China are up 15% on a year-to-date basis.
Scott Santi: Yeah, it's about two quarters until we've offset any -- the material cost side with price, about two quarters historically so.
