Michael Larsen: Thanks, John. And as a result of our first quarter performance and lower share count, we're raising our full year EPS guidance by $0.15 to a range of $4.45 to $4.65. The midpoint of our updated guidance, the $4.55, represents an increase of 25% versus 2013, and we now expect full year operating margins in the mid-19s. We tighten the range for our full year revenue growth rate assumption and raising the low end from 2% to 3%, and we now expect total revenue growth to be in the 3% to 4% range. The organic revenue growth that goes with this assumption is unchanged at 2% to 3%. Our second quarter guidance, we expect EPS within a range of $1.16 to $1.24, and this assumes total revenue growth of 3% to 5% and 100 basis points of margin expansions on a year-over-year basis from the initiatives. So in summary, a good start to 2014. We're raising our full year EPS guidance by $0.15 to a range of $4.45 to $4.65 and the midpoint being a 25% increase year-over-year. With that, let me turn the call back over to John.
Michael Larsen: So what I'll tell you is, of the $0.15 approximately half is shares and the other half is better operational performance, which you're seeing in the operating margins. And we now expect to be in the mid-19s versus our previous guidance of 19, squiggle 19. So it's about half and actually if you -- well, talk about the first quarter for a second, the performance in the first quarter versus the guidance, the better performance was driven equally about half from shares and the other half from better operations.
Michael Larsen: We have said consistently we're not breaking this out, but to Scott's point they have both contributed significantly.
Michael Larsen: No, there's really nothing unusual there. I mean I think the 10 basis points was a little bit lower than our assumptions for the year, which remains at 20 to 30 basis points of improvement. And so there is some timing and some FX headwind, but overall we continue to feel very comfortable about this 20 to 30 basis points for the year.
Michael Larsen: So we're currently little on the high side, at 2.4x, as we accelerated the repurchase program in part, because we saw the transaction closing sooner. Our target leverage ratio remains in the approximately 2.2x to 2.3x EBITDA on a go forward basis.
Michael Larsen: So a little bit more than half of that will be utilized for the share repurchase program and get that completed by the end of the second quarter. And the balance will essentially be to reduce our outstanding commercial paper and get our debt to EBITDA leverage back into the 2.25 range that we discussed earlier.
Michael Larsen: Right, so I think we've actually been fairly opportunistic here in terms of locking in rates and what we think is an attractive low interest environment and extending the duration of our debt portfolio. And so as I think you maybe aware we issued $2 billion worth of bonds here in the first quarter with an average duration little over six year, then a coupon that's on average in the low-2s. And we have some additional plans here for the rest of the year. I think if you look at kind of a bigger picture, if you take a step back and look at where we were three years ago, so the average rate on our debt is about 200 basis points lower today than it was three years ago. The duration has been extended from fairly short-term in the three to four year range to well north of 10 years. So I think we've been fairly opportunistic in terms of our capital structure and are taking advantage of the current rate environment.
Michael Larsen: So the 10 basis points is really an average, and I wouldn't read too much into it in terms of we have different timing around price increases in the various segments, and we had some FX impact in one business that we didn't see in another businesses. And so I would say we're still holding to the 20 basis points to 30 basis points for the year and we're comfortable with that assumption.
Michael Larsen: That's correct. On a year-over-year basis, we expect 100 basis points a quarter from BSS and from sourcing.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think the way we'd answer that question is similar to what Scott talked about earlier, as we've laid out our goals very clearly for 2017, which is 20%-plus operating margins and 20%-plus return on invested capital on an after-tax basis. And so we're not going to give guidance for 2015 today, but the trajectory and the targets we've laid out as we continue to progress on this enterprise strategy, we're very confident that we will be able to achieve those targets.
Scott Santi: Well, I would say that based on our first quarter results, relative to our expectations heading into the year, I would say Europe has been a slight upside positive at 5% growth in the quarter, North America certainly at 1% was a lag. I don't know that that completely shifts our expectations for the year. I think we do see, again, based on some modest improvement in March and how April is tracking at North America at 1% probably we wouldn't expect that to be the number for the year. We would expect some incremental improvement in North America from here. And again, I think the overall demand levels out of Europe that we're seeing are pretty broad-based across our businesses and I would consider that to be pretty encouraging at this point.
Scott Santi: Yes, to both of your questions. I think Australia and New Zealand, clearly we're seeing some very positive overall demand improvement there. And we have sort of made a commitment not to talk about the weather as part of our results in the quarter, but what I would say is certainly North America for construction, along with the service business and Food Equipment were probably the two areas where it would be hard not to conclude that we had some pretty material weather impact on those businesses. And I think March and what we're seeing in April in construction in North America would suggest things are improving there for sure.
Scott Santi: I mean I can't really comment on your math. The math we're doing here internally is about half of the improvement here is from margins and the other half is from lower share count.
Scott Santi: Well, I think our position in Brazil was pretty concentrated in the Polymers and Fluids area and also with Welding and a few other businesses. And so what I would say about our own results in Brazil is it's much less about the overall economy. We are sort of transitioning from a period going back two or three years, where we did a fair amount of acquisition activity there to get ourselves positioned and are now starting to operate -- we're starting to operate these businesses and I think get focused on the areas of opportunity in terms of growth. China for us, I think is right now clearly automotive is the leading business over there. We're seeing, what I would describe is more moderate overall economic activity across the number of our businesses. And the Welding business in the first quarter on a year-on-year basis was, Michael or John talked about it in his comments, a negative, primarily as a result of lower large oil and gas pipeline activity over there versus what was going on there last year.
Scott Santi: We talked about that before. This is the one part of the company where we have a fair amount of forward visibility. We are working on things today that are going into model redesigns that are going to be executed three years out typically.
Scott Santi: What I would say about that is on the ground we're certainly seeing sort of better overall activity levels in terms of code activity levels, backlog is up. And from the timing and release standpoint, we're still seeing some fairly choppy customer demand from that standpoint. But again, I would say, the people in those business are feeling generally like things are heading in the right direction. The overall conditions are improving. I would say we're not in that mode with Welding at this point.
Scott Santi: 2x to 3x, I don't think so. I think what we would be expecting on a longer term basis would be 300 to 400 basis points of market out performance on an annual basis.
Scott Santi: Well, I don't think given the cash flow of the company, the balance sheet isn't really the issue, where I would describe our position near-term is similar to what I've said I think couple of quarters ago on the call, which is given all that we are currently executing inside of the company around these initiatives and also our focus on organic acceleration, M&A isn't our near-term priority for us. But that being said, we did three really nice medium-sized deals last year that were really strong strategic fits and should similar opportunities emerge this year, we would not hesitate to pull the trigger.
Scott Santi: I don't think we said that was an issue in Welding, in Polymers and Fluids, definitely. And what I would say is we're probably looking at in terms of drag another quarter or two maximum. And John pointed out, as we're seeing in the couple of businesses inside Polymers and Fluids that are coming out at the other end of that, in the Fluids platform that was up 4% organically.
Scott Santi: Well, I think that's really more of the portfolio repositioning we've done and that's been going out in the last couple of years there. So that's becoming less and less of the portfolio. I think they think they're going to probably be through most of that by the end of the year. This has been a two-plus year transition in the portfolio.
Scott Santi: The 400 million shares is the projected share count at the end of the second quarter. And so our focus here right now is on completing the IPG-related shares repurchase program, the 50 million shares that we announced back in September. And then we'll kind of reassess where we're at by the end of second quarter and we would be able to give you an update on the next earnings call. But what I will tell you in terms of our capital allocation strategy, it has not changed. And so we remained focused on internal reinvestments in the business for future growth and margin expansion. We will continue the dividend obviously and then we'll balance acquisitions and share repurchases based on the best risk-adjusted returns for our shareholders. And so that hasn't changed.
Scott Santi: Well, let me first of all, Eli, disagree with your characterization that Welding is a problem child.
Scott Santi: Yes. So those of you that follow the company know that Welding has been historically one of our strongest organic growers, high single-digits through the cycle. The big thing that's going to get, Welding going again is North America honestly that we are still in the midst of a pretty significant contraction in the heavier equipment segments of the market that we serve. In our view, that's not a structural issue, that's a cyclical issue. We expect that to turn around hopefully some time this year. And at least our experience in Welding is once things do turn, we have six, eight quarters that are really solid organic growth.
Scott Santi: That's all better operational performance. So the restructuring for the year at approximately $100 million has not changed.
Scott Santi: Maybe some modest sequential improvement towards March, but nothing that I would say gives us any sort of enthusiasm at this point that we're seeing a real turn there.
Scott Santi: Commercial construction will have some positive impact. Although the place of real softness again is more ag-equipment, mining equipment, et cetera.
Scott Santi: Well, I think where I would start on that is I think the sort of scope of work if you will that we had to do certainly varied at the front-end by segment and I would sort of point to -- if you look at the simplification initiatives as one example within Food Equipment and Welding, which were businesses that were the starting points was at a much larger overall division structure relative to the rest of the company. They had much less work to do. The other end of the spectrum was Polymers and Fluids that was 130-odd divisions. So haven't really thought about it in terms of who's ahead or behind. But what I would say is I think overall the level of progress and execution remains robust and brisk. And there is a fair amount of runway left. This isn't something we're wrapping up in the next couple of quarters, as we've talked before that we've got another couple of years easy of some continued work to do that is both accretive to our overall numbers, you know what our performance goals are and also it's going to result in a company that's much more focused and much more effective in terms of the growth agenda that we have going forward.
Scott Santi: I don't know. I was talking about construction before in terms of big margin improvement opportunity there. I think the progress, I think were up 250 basis points. Even the Auto business that I think is, there is sort of templates for kind of organic growth we want to build in all of our businesses has still got a pretty rigorous business structure simplification, an in sourcing agenda in front of it. So a lot of leverage in terms of revenue growth, but margins up in the first quarter year-on-year, significant percentage of that was related to the initiatives as well. So it's hard for me to think in terms of who's ahead and behind. I think because the specific to-do list in each of the segments is pretty unique to those segments. But in general, I don't think we've got anybody dogging it. I think everybody is getting after it pretty good.
Scott Santi: I think we've talked about this before. Our forecasting approach in terms of what we're looking is that we're going to use run rates that we're seeing in the businesses today. You are certainly free to analyze the upside and downside opportunities and risks around that. But we've talked before about the fact that in our business model we have no incentive to get ahead of ourselves. We have a very fast reaction, fast cycle time, supply chain and manufacturing approach. And so from our standpoint, the most prudent planning assumptions for us are really deal with what we're seeing on the ground today.
Scott Santi: Well, I think the endgame there, as I've talked before, a number of us have talked is in terms of the raw material in that business from a performance standpoint, we expect that business to perform from a margin rate standpoint at or above the company goals on a long-term basis. Given where they are today, despite a significant amount of improvement in the first quarter, as there is still some room to improve further between where they are in that 20%-plus goal. So the answer to your question is incremental margins for the next eight quarters are to be really good and accelerating topline helps us get there faster.
Scott Santi: Yes. Again, I mean there is really nothing unusual in terms of head or tailwinds in the first quarter other than what I described. And so fairly normal quarter, in terms of price cost for us.
Scott Santi: We expect auto build rates in the second quarter to be in the sort of 1% to 2% range. That's a worldwide number. We would expect that virtually all of the geographies to be down sequentially from where they were in Q1. Into Q2, China looks like it's going to be roughly about the same. I don't think we see much of a change in China, but Europe looks like it's going to have a lower build rate based on the data we're seeing right now. North America looks like it's going to be a lower build rate. But remember, we continue to add our penetration numbers on top of that.
Scott Santi: That's correct. But I think what we're basically trying to say is don't expect double-digit growth in Auto for next quarter based on a foundation of lower build rates.
Scott Santi: One of the things I would point out to is I would go back to the comment I made at the outset of the call, which is we've worked very hard on shaping the portfolio, so that we are in a collection of businesses that we have a lot of conviction about their ability to grow at a healthy clip organically. And again, those actions resulted in an overall organic growth rate for the company of a 100 basis points better in Q1 that would have been if we still were in some of the businesses that we have divested. I would say, characterize our progress in organic as frustration at all. I think we're just getting in the position we've talked before about the fact that we've a lot of activity inside the company. We're trying to be very delivered. I'm talking about simplification and sourcing. We're trying to be very delivered about making sure that we're focused on the right things at the right time. This year is a year we expect to turn our attention more to the organic growth agenda. But keep in mind we still have more than a fair amount of activity going on internally. But I think some of the acceleration on organic growth, we talked about Auto, Food Equipment now, Construction, Test and Measurement, it looks like its going to get going and then we've got a couple of other businesses that are not where we wanted them to be. We talked about Welding, that's much more of a situation relative to the current market environment. And Polymers and Fluids, we got to get through this period of sort of reshaping and refocusing, but expect that business to certainly contribute from our organic standpoint. So I think we feel much better about the quality of the portfolio that we are going forward with, in terms of its organic growth potential and certainly expect to continue progress as we move down the road.
