Michael Larsen: Yes, sure, Jeff. So I think overall, on price-cost, we’d say we’re on track to recover the margin impact from a period over the last two years of unprecedented inflation, which has now stabilized. So, in the first quarter, price-cost was positive 190 basis points, Q2 260 basis points and for the balance of the year, we’re looking at a more normalized 130 to 150 basis points range. And for the full year, we should recover somewhere around 150 to 200 basis points at the enterprise level. I think what was encouraging is every segment is now margin positive, including Automotive OEM and we expect that for [indiscernible] your question specifically to remain the case for the back half of the year. And combined with enterprise initiatives, we expect sequential improvement in Q3 and Q4 in the Automotive segment, and we should end up somewhere in the high teens as we exit 2023. We’re still a long way to go over the next two to three years to get back to kind of the low to mid-20s, which is the path that we laid out at Investor Day.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think, similar to what we talked about on the last call, supply chain performance continues to improve. And as that happened, our backlogs are also starting to come down. And at this point, we’re still above our normal levels. If you look at the businesses where we do carry some backlog Food Equipment, for example, we’re running at 2x normal levels, and the same is true in Welding. But as I said, those backlogs are coming down pretty quickly as supply chain performance improves.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think the inventory reduction impact that we saw here in Q2 is now embedded in our run rates, and therefore, embedded in our guidance for the balance of the year. Actually, if you look at our Q2, it came in right in line with run rate except for these – the inventory impact that we estimate at 1 point to 1.5 points. And underlying demand, as we said, is really stable, if not strong in places like Auto and Food Equipment. So we feel really good about our assumptions here going into the back half of the year. Your question specifically on Construction, I agree with you, that’s some pretty impressive performance given the challenging end markets, particularly if you look at Europe. The big drivers here continue to be enterprise initiatives, which has been called the gift that keeps on giving.
Michael Larsen: Yes, if I may say so. And I think total company, the Enterprise initiative impact ranged from 70 to 200 basis points by segment with Construction at the very high end of that at about 200 basis points impact. And then certainly, there’s still some catch-up on price/cost. Construction was a segment that was hit harder than the average in 2021 and 2022. And so price/cost did contribute in a meaningful way. We do expect that, just like we do for the rest of the Enterprise to begin to normalize here in the back half, like I said in response to Jeff’s question, but we’re still going to see positive price/cost impact, including Construction in the second half.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean the big driver continues to be the Enterprise initiatives. The work around eighty-twenty front-to-back and strategic sourcing efforts, we expect at least 100 basis points of contribution there in the second half. And then price-cost, we still expect a meaningful contribution as we talked about a few minutes ago. So, all of that means that as we look at kind of the second half, we expect margins to continue to improve sequentially from Q2 to Q3 and from Q3 to Q4, maybe somewhere around 50 to 60 basis points each quarter of sequential improvement. I think we talked in the past about 100 basis points of improvement year-over-year. That’s still looking very good. So, like I said in the prepared remarks, we’re really well positioned here in terms of our margin and profitability performance through the balance of the year and frankly into next year. So, I’ll leave it at that.
Michael Larsen: So, I think you know this, Tami, we don’t break out price and volume. And I’d say both elements contributed and it’s a little different equipment versus service, but certainly some really strong activity. North America, I think, we said up 8%, that has Equipment up 5%, services up 15%, by end market institutions up 13%, health care up 18%, restaurants, still really strong performance there. Retail a little softer. That can be a little lumpy, international side, up 5%. So, I think really strong quarter by Food Equipment and actually looking really good for Q3. I think that they should be putting up another really strong quarter. There might be a little bit of – if you go back and look, the comparisons are a little bit challenging on a year-over-year basis. But overall, the underlying demand in food equipment remains really healthy and really well positioned again for the second half.
Michael Larsen: There is something else going on in there, Tami. So, it’s a similar answer to what I said for Construction. I mean I think there is a healthy dose of enterprise initiatives. And then we’re still recovering the margin impact on price/cost. So, those are the main drivers here. And like I said, I mean, price/cost, we expect that to normalize in the second half, but the Enterprise initiatives and we expect that to continue into the – through the balance of the year and into next year.
Michael Larsen: So let me do the semi portion first. I mean, I think, there has been this view that the second half would be a step-up from the first half. Really, we talked about this going into the year.
Michael Larsen: And I was going to say, the customer feedback has now become even more supportive of that view along the lines of get ready for orders to come back here in the second half and make sure you have the capacity to support us, which, of course, we do. So, that’s kind of the color commentary around semi. And similar to what you’re hearing from other...
Michael Larsen: Exactly like we normally do; none of that would be in our run rates, obviously. And so we’d be happy to see that here late Q3, Q4, if we get those – if that really comes to fruition. On the 25% of the portfolio, I think maybe to give you a little bit more detail, I think what was really encouraging this quarter is if you look at the performance of those businesses, and there are some puts and takes. There are some businesses that are no longer slowing, that have moved out and others, I think Construction Europe was an example that maybe have moved in, but it’s still about 25% of the company. Those businesses were down 7% year-over-year in the first quarter, and they were only down 3% in the second quarter. And actually, if you look at it sequentially, the businesses as a group improved 2% sequentially. And that includes in that 25% is also at least a portion of our semi revenues. So I think that’s certainly encouraging as we look to the back half of the year.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think, Andy, the big driver for us in China is auto, and that’s our largest businesses. We talked about this on the last call, we expected a strong Q2 in China. Based on some of the COVID-related slowing in the first quarter, we bounced back in the second quarter with auto up more than 50% in Q2 and all of China up 22%. I think a better way to look at China is maybe if you look at the first half, our China business was up 7% on a year-over-year basis, and that’s maybe a more accurate representation of kind of the underlying levels of demand. And so for the second half, we’d expect something kind of in the mid-single digits out of that region. But again, it’s all driven by the auto business that’s doing a phenomenal job frankly, gaining share and launching new products particularly on the EV side with domestic local Chinese OEMs that are winning big time, as we talked about at Investor Day. So really well positioned, not just for the second half but for many, many years to come here in our China business and in auto particularly.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean I think the service business we’ve talked about this for a long-time now in terms of long-term organic growth potential. It is a huge differentiator with us – for us in the market. We are the only OEM that has service capabilities, and it gives us all kinds of advantages in terms of our ability to install, service, maintain and then capture replacement down the line. So we think there’s a lot more to come on the service side. We’re obviously still, to some extent recovering from COVID. If you actually look at the Equipment side has now fully recovered to 2019 levels. The Service side is still catching up, and so we expect that there’s still a lot of runway particularly with our installed base.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think, Julian, I think I said this earlier, we do expect as we typically do, if you look at our historical sequential lift from Q2 to Q3 of about 1%. The thing to keep in mind is that Q3 has one less shipping day relative to prior year and relative to Q2, so that is going to have a little bit of an impact. So don’t expect a big jump here in Q3. But certainly based on current run rates, some progress on the top line, progress on the bottom line with margin expansion. I think we talked about that somewhere along the lines of 50 plus basis points from Q2 to Q3. And I might just add that in terms of our typical cadence kind of first half, second half, if you look at our full year EPS, we’re typically 49% to 51%, and we are – as we see today, right in line with that, based on our – if you look at our $4.81 GAAP EPS for the first half the midpoint of our guidance of $9.75, you can calculate what’s left to go, and you’ll see it’s a lift from the first half to the second half. That’s right in line with our historical averages, which gives us a lot of confidence as we head into the second half here.
Michael Larsen: Well, so Julian, I wouldn’t agree with how you characterize this in terms of no volume gains year-to-date. I think we have a lot of confidence that we continue to take market share not just as we talked about through the pandemic. But on an ongoing basis, I mean, I think if you look at our organic growth rates relative to peers in these – in some of these segments, you’ve got some good comps. You can certainly take a look at that. And I think we’re continuing to invest here in all of our organic growth strategies and efforts, including headcount to continue to take market share. So we have a high degree of confidence that we continue to take share.
Michael Larsen: Yes. And I think the other thing, I mean, the biggest driver as we talked about at Investor Day, Julian, I think you were there is going to be our customer-back innovation efforts. We’re signing a bright light on our CBI efforts, and we’re – the whole company is focused on continuing to drive up the contribution to organic growth from our innovation efforts. And so you put all of that together we’re highly confident we can deliver our long-term kind of 4% plus organic, which is given our high levels of profitability, that’s all we need to grow, EPS kind of high-single digit, low-double digit. You add an attractive dividend yield on top of that, and you’re getting that 11 to 13 TSR over the long-term, not every year, this year, yes, but not every year. That’s what you should expect from ITW. And it’s much more about that than it is a quarterly market share number, which is, I think, what you’re asking about.
Scott Santi: I think overall, it’s been remarkably stable. If anything, we saw some firming up in the second quarter based on some trends in the first quarter that we talked about relative to 25% of our portfolio. I think the one place we saw things continue to weaken was in Europe on Construction between Q1 and Q2, but for the rest of the portfolio, I think, at this point, the best description is pretty firm.
Scott Santi: I was going to say that I’m not current on the exact – what our businesses estimate is our share of our installed base, but last time I had the conversation I think it was sort of well into the low-20s at best maybe and don’t sort of take that as possible, but at the point is that we have a lot of room to grow within – with just doing – giving more penetration with our current installed base globally.
Scott Santi: Yes. And that’s been an active strategy for the last – really coming – really from before COVID. So some of it is coverage, some of it is programming. When you actually service the equipment you sell, we have lots of opportunity to integrate service offerings at the point we sell the equipment, which is part of the – why we think this is a big competitive advantage for us. So it’s essentially all of the above, but there’s no way to do service remotely. So we got to have service techs on the street. We’ve got, I think, north of 1,500 in North America and the same in Europe. And given the profitability of the business and how much runway we have we’ll certainly continue to invest. That’s part of what Michael talked about; continue to invest in our organic growth strategies that’s certainly a good example.
Scott Santi: Yes, I’d say that there’s been no change. We continue to get sort of apple flow in terms of people wanting us to take a look at things. And as we’ve talked about for a long time and certainly updated at our Investor Day, the aperture through which we will strike on those opportunities is pretty narrow given all the potential in our core business, but we’ve done MTS recently, and we will continue to opportunistically be aggressive. But from the standpoint of overall flow, is it up or down, I’d say it’s been pretty stable.
Scott Santi: I think the long view, we’ve committed to organic growth in our organic growth goals in our – in the Investor Day we just did, and those are organic growth goals that are going to be well above underlying market growth at 4 to 5 and in that case by definition we will continue to take share.
