Michael M. Larsen: Hi, thank you, Leon, good morning and welcome to ITW's fourth quarter and full year 2016 conference call. I am Michael Larsen, ITW’s Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining me this morning is our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi. During today's call, we will discuss our fourth quarter and full-year 2016 financial results, update you on our 2017 earnings forecast. Before we get to the results, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the first quarter and full-year 2017, as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 2015 Form 10-K and third quarter 2016 for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures and while we use very few non-GAAP measures, a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Michael M. Larsen: Well, John, this is Michael here. I mean, the big driver of the 3% growth in Europe is the automotive business as you might expect. So I'm not sure we are really good proxy for what's going on in terms of the broader macro environment, but our automotive business as you saw what's up 8% in Europe and that's where the main driver of the 3% growth this quarter.
Michael M. Larsen: Sure. I’d still agree with that statement and that’s just based on our historical participation in this market going back to the early 90s. You know usually come out of these down cycles there is a lot of demand and recoveries are pretty robust. This one has been particularly, noteworthy decline. At this point, what I would say about Europe and our welding business is the first thing is it's a pretty small piece of the overall welding business, so I'm not sure how indicative it is in terms of overall oil and gas activity. Our big oil and gas positions are North American and China. Welding Europe was down about the same percentage on a full year basis. As the overall business down about 9%, so I think, A; given our relatively small position in Europe, not a great indicator of overall macro oil and gas and B; we haven't really seen any change over there.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, so what you're seeing Joe, is price was a fundamentally unchanged, nothing has changed in terms of our ability to get price. The difference, the 10 basis points is really as a result of increase in raw material prices specifically metal and resins in a few of our segments. But just to put it in context, the difference between flat price cost, which is our assumption for the year in 2017 which is unchanged and down 10 basis points is $3 million. So on total, relative to total operating income this quarter of $742 million. So I just wanted to put in context for you and again, I mean, price cost has not been a big favorable margin driver for us and we don't expect it to be a big headwind for 2017.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, the key driver obviously, remains as I said in the prepared remarks of our margin expansion is the enterprise initiatives, so that's 80/20 and the sourcing efforts that contributed 130 basis points this quarter and for the year.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah and I’d just add, Andy, if you look at the monthly very similar in 2016 to 2015 and prior years, so nothing unusual.
Michael M. Larsen: This is Mike. I mean, the delta in Q4 relative to Q3 and year-to-date growth rates was really have Test & Measurement had a big Q3 as you recall, up 7% and was down slightly in North America, so that's really what tipped the scale here in Q4. I think in terms of 2017, if you took at current run rates, we still expect low single digit type growth in North America.
Michael M. Larsen: Well, so we don't give guidance by geography and we give guidance on current run rate sentiment. It’s certainly more positive, we acknowledge and we’ve talked automotive as a little bit of a wildcard in terms of the outlook for the year, but overall we feel very good going into 2017.
Michael M. Larsen: Well, I think there are a number of businesses that, first let me just answer the enterprise level. I think, if you look at our performance in 2016 relative to peers or relative to market at the enterprise level we would certainly argue that we grew above market in 2016. If you just look at the performance by business, certainly automotive as you mentioned grew above market. Food Equipment overall, grew above market, we’ve talked about the service fees there, but certainly on the equipment side. I would put Test & Measurement, probably in line with market into 2016. Polymers & Fluids; Polymers, show some PLS activity. In 2016 construction specialty right in line with market.
Michael M. Larsen: That's right, $1 billion that we have allocated in 2017 is our best estimate of the surplus capital available in North America and so that's. Once we're done with that everything, we talked about the internal investments, dividends, acquisitions that need a set of criteria, with the remainder of the surplus capital then allocated to the share buyback program. Just going to add one other clarification which was the incremental 1 million that we had last year was to some repatriation that we were able to do, it wasn’t related to share price, which was up 35% once. Just to point that out.
Michael M. Larsen: Then, Jamie, your question on margins in North America, they are very consistent across all three geographies at ITW, so we could choose different than it was five years.
Michael M. Larsen: This is Michael, so institution was really strong in the fourth quarter, you saw Equipment up 9 in North America. Restaurants maybe a little slow early in the quarter, but then picked up in November, December and really stable demand. Then the third piece, I’d just add our retail business, also a solid growth on that side. We haven’t seen any - just look at the number, it’s up 9%, anything to suggest that things are slowing down.
E. Scott Santi: Well, my response would be that we are applying you know the same approaches to our forecast and that we always have and that’s that we deal with current run rates. So our forecast is absolutely 100% based on current rates projected through the year. I would certainly agree that the sediment if you will, has gotten a bit better. But I think it's really your job is to apply whatever sort of macro forecast that you see ahead to our results what we are giving you is based on actual real demand. In our businesses today how does that project through the year? I would as we said many times, we've gone through four years of work here without a lot of headwind in terms of any help from the marketplace, so we would love to see it. Pick up absolutely, but until it actually is in the businesses our approach is to deal with reality as it exists today.
E. Scott Santi: I think fourth quarter was right on track. First quarter, early January also looks solidly on track.
E. Scott Santi: I think, I'll go back to what Michael said in his remarks, which is we've seen pretty solid floor [ph] for the last three quarters and I think that in and of itself as – I would consider that to be modestly encouraging. I think we're a ways away from, I mean, I don’t know about ways away, but I think we haven't seen anything in terms of and what I would describe is a noticeable uptick from there. But it sits now three quarters of pretty firm stable bottom, which is always the first part of any turnaround. So again hopeful that things start to improve there, but nothing we’re seeing yet.
E. Scott Santi: Yeah, I would say we've got a pretty reasonable position there. Overall oil and gas for welding is roughly 15% of revenue and that includes pipeline, upstream, downstream, refining, construction, offshore et cetera and I think our exposures are pretty balanced though, certainly any uptick in activity in terms of pipeline construction would surely be incrementally favorable to us.
E. Scott Santi: Well, like it's been very stable over the course of the last four quarters. We talked before about our overall mix tilting very heavily towards the more value-added components of the welding product portfolio, if you will. So from the standpoint of our overall exposure to pricing pressure, I think we're in pretty good shape there. As I said it's not been – we haven’t seen any evidence of any downward trends of any, at any meaningful level over the last four quarters.
E. Scott Santi: Yeah, well it is simply an 80/20 application sort. You know we have an existing business operating at mid-20s EBIT margins applying 80/20 you know very effectively and so I wouldn't call it a turnaround, it's a very good business, very well positioned. It has absolutely all the same characteristics in terms of value-add content, niche in their approach as our legacy business. It's just a function of going through the process of adding the 80/20 management process to all the sort of great raw material and great operating capability that already exists in that business. That is not a quick fix, that's typically 3 year to 5 year process, so the plan is, I think the entry margins were 7 and so we’ve talked about before is going from 7% to 20% over a five year period.
E. Scott Santi: Yeah I would offer that we have some very well developed diagnostics around applicability in fit for 80/20 and all of the raw materials there and then some.
E. Scott Santi: And just to add a clarifying point, sourcing benefit is communicated in the enterprise initiatives and this is the normal.
E. Scott Santi: If you go to, Joe, the, there’s slide in the appendix of the press release that lays out the drivers of the operating margin by segment and in total. And really as you point out the operating leverage was 100 basis points enterprise initiatives about 160 basis points. Then EF&C diluted by 220 basis points, restructuring and other was slightly lower, 60 basis points so overall 100 basis points of total operating margin change on the core business. I just wanted you know so the better proxy for where this business is operating I think is the, if you look at the full year for 2016 on slide 8, 24.1% that includes 160 basis points of EF&C so 25.7% EBIT margins in the core business in automotive in 2016 with room to improve from here.
E. Scott Santi: No, no that's just – it can be a little lumpy in construction and that's really it, I mean, like I said the better way to look at is the 4% growth for the year. As a good proxy for what 2017 might look like.
E. Scott Santi: Well, what we talked about back in December was from the sourcing standpoint. We think we've got at least another couple of years of work in opportunity in front of us in terms of additional structural changes for the benefit of the company. At some point it becomes a much more of maintenance activity, but we've got a solid pipeline of targets in activity going on. So there's at least a couple of years worth of work, an opportunity there. Likewise from an 80/20 perspective our efforts to reapply this sort of the current version of 80/20 inside ITW that we talked about again back in December where we’ve completely reengineered the process and are very focused on executing it to its full potential. There's at least a couple of years worth of work there. I think the best way I can characterize and then on top of it, is as we expect further organic acceleration at you know solid 35% incremental all that gives us room to run this out for you at least the next couple of years, if not longer. We’ve also talked about the fact that this is, we’re operating at levels today that we didn't see as even within our scope of potential four years ago, so this has been a process of the deeper we go, the more opportunity we find. I think we've got the ability to sort of plan and execute on sort of sequential to your parents or your time horizons given what we have visibility of. But I you know I would rule out the fact that, now that we’re in, we’re going to find some more opportunity and that’s really been the way this has been playing out.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think running them better is one thing, growing them is another. I think that's really been you know, that's the big delta in terms of M&A fits. We didn’t buy EF&C because we can improve the margins. We bought EF&C because it extends, in our view in a very meaningful way our organic growth potential in the Automotive segment. The margin improvement - the ability improve margins it's certainly through 80/20 is an important part of the equation. But I would view that as more risk mitigation on return on investment. It's not the core reason we buy. You know we can buy a lot of things and work really hard for five years improving the operating margins, but ultimately if we can't grow them when we're done doing that at a rate that's consistent with what we're trying to do get done here it becomes counterproductive and creates a lot of complexity.
E. Scott Santi: I think, Andy, as we talked about in December that that incremental margin of 30% to 35% already includes all the investment that we want to make in our businesses, so that's a sustainable rate on a go forward basis and it’s a by-product of the way we run the business, it's not a target that we drive to with intention.
E. Scott Santi: They might. Yeah and it's not because we’re holding back investment, I think the point that we want to make sure is clear, is that we are fully invested and continue to improve the productivity and accelerate the organic growth of these businesses. When Michael talks about our capital allocation, he talk about that as our first priority. So it's not like we're saying, we’re only going to do so much because we can afford to do more, it's that we are – its only so much you can do, particularly through the lens of quality investment and things that drive results at ITW. All that gets prioritized as the first priority with regard to our capital allocation. There’s not, just because things are better than our forecasting scenario, there’s not a bunch of things we wish we could do that we're not doing that we’ll all of a sudden turn on, that’s not, it's just not how it works here. So I think in the short run faster growth is certainly going to have the potential to have higher incrementals.
E. Scott Santi: No, I think the simple sort of way to look at the quarter from a demand standpoint is all the segments we’re on trend, we thought of being a little bit better.
E. Scott Santi: Yeah, the overall answer to that is that we have been a produce where we sell company for a long, long time and none of what's out there in the conversation right now would have any impact in terms of our, any changes in that. We are roughly a modest net exporter from North America to the tune of 4% to 5% of revenue. So pretty balanced in terms of, I think that supports what I’ve just said, we are largely producing where our customers are. We do that not because it's low cost, but because it's the most efficient way to serve our customers around the world and it is something that has served us very well and I don't see that changing regardless of any changes in some of the rules in trade policies, et cetera.
E. Scott Santi: Yeah, I think the big part of the agenda there's, we still got a decent percentage of not ready to do businesses primarily in Europe, we're still working on restructuring our European businesses over there. We made a lot of progress in that regard in 2016. And would expect to get through the bulk of that probably by the end of 2017. But North America, the business is performing pretty well and certainly is – the bulk of the agenda now in our North American construction business is centered around consulting organic growth and I think we're really well positioned to do that. But we got Europe straightened away.
E. Scott Santi: Yeah, you're right, I mean, we think this is very manageable, I mean Automotive, Food would be the primary ones, steel prices. Then also on the welding side, a little bit, but again it's not, our business units are all over this. We have a pretty good track record of managing the price cost equation. As a reminder we’re not trying to generate, price significantly above inflation. We’re just trying to cover our costs and I think we've done a pretty good job with that historically.
E. Scott Santi: We talked a little bit about it in December, right, that we wouldn't be surprised if we saw some headwind on the price cost equation for a quarter or two until we get a chance to kind of respond. Then I would just point out, like I said, earlier we're talking about the difference between neutral and 10 basis points is $3 million out of $742 million of operating income in the quarter. So, I wouldn't get too alarmed.
E. Scott Santi: As you know Steven, the forecasting business, I mean, we said 1% to 2% for overall enterprise growth in the first quarter that's a little bit below where we are for the year. So the improvement in the growth rate in the second half of 2017 is really based on comps. Comps getting a little bit easier, so that's how I would position it and that's all this is at current run rates.
E. Scott Santi: Yeah, I mean, the stock wasn’t really down last year. I mean, the average for the year is 107, so $2 million at an average of 107. And we’ve talked about this before, I mean, we really are in the market on a continuous basis and so this year we have planned it as $250 a quarter, similar to what we did last year. If we were able to the extent that there is a market correction, we certainly have the ability to step in and do a little bit more. But fundamentally the way we think about it is we have a business model here that over the long-term can generate 12% to 14% TSR. Over the long-term that will be reflected we believe in the value of the company and so on and that's how we approach the share buyback program. And it’s really our way to return incremental surplus capital to shareholder business, if there is not an alternative, got to learn some use of that cash other than we could sit on it.
E. Scott Santi: Yeah, I’ll take the first one and let Michael talk about the second. In terms of the sentiment, I would say it's all of the above. In other words, it's what we read is what our customers talk about, but I'm not sure our customers are doing anything other than reacting to what they're reading, who they're talking to so. As we've talked before, it's I don't think there's any secret that the overall mood seems to be modestly better. Whether that translates into anything meaningful in terms of demand that remains to be seen in terms of our planning. It’s as we said many times we're going to set ourselves up to execute well in the environment as it exists today and certainly be in a position to continue to do so, whichever way the market moves.
E. Scott Santi: Yeah, absolutely and I think there's - if you look at, so the average of the company is about 23% now that's fairly consistent in North America and Europe as well as, Asia Pacific. Obviously, we have on a relative basis more exposure in North America, about 50% of our sales are in North America, but the margins are the same.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I mean, the best answer, Eli, I can give you that we would expect to see improvement in all of our segments as we continue to execute on the enterprise strategy, so.
E. Scott Santi: I don't think we would share that view. I think welding has done a nice job, sustaining margins with a lot of downward pressure on revenue. Certainly, has more room to run in terms of enterprise initiatives.
E. Scott Santi: Yeah, I mean, look at welding margins this year, right, and big improvement again in Q4, up 190 basis points and 210 basis points of that was from enterprise initiatives. So –
E. Scott Santi: I think from your perspective Eli, it’s not going to do anything, so this is more of a natural outcome of continuing to simplify these businesses and structures and the final phases of business structure simplification, so doesn't do anything in terms of the overall results that we're looking at here.
E. Scott Santi: I think it's been pretty stable I think there are some forecasts out for some slowing in North America in the back half of the year. But in terms of what we're seeing right now and you could see the numbers. Q4 was strong, we’re telling Q1 is in solid shape. Certainly, we’re aware of some of the expectations, but nothing coming through for our customers at this point.
E. Scott Santi: We participate in all those markets, I don't have the data right in front of me to answer your question with a great level of detail. So I'll just go back to what we said earlier, overall demand is stable in that business including on the oil and gas side so.
E. Scott Santi: Yeah, I think it's a little too early to tell. I think that policy in that area is still evolving and trying to guess where it might end up, I don't think would be prudent. We have about, a little more than $2 billion of capital overseas. If we bring some of that back, it would go into the surplus capital category and we would kind of look into the options at that point, but again it's hard to say anything really insightful given the uncertainty in this area.
