Karen Fletcher: Okay, thank you Julianne. Good morning and welcome to ITW's Third Quarter 2019 Conference Call. I'm joined by our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen.  During today's call, we’ll discuss third quarter financial results and provide an update on our 2019 full year outlook.  Slide two is a reminder that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the remainder of 2019, as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 2018 Form 10-K for more details about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations.  Please note that this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures, and a reconciliation of those measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release.  Please turn to slide three. Today we are announcing the date and location for ITW's next Investor Day. We hope you can join us on Friday, March 13 in Fort Worth, Texas at which time will provide an update on our long term strategy and offer a tour of our Traulsen, Refrigeration Plant site and the opportunity to see the ITW business model in action. Today's announcement is strictly a save-the-date alert and will provide more details on the event, including how to sign up for it when the date gets closer.  So now we’ll move on to slide four, and it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi. 
Karen Fletcher: Yes, sorry we lost the connection in our room, so you'll have to start from the beginning. Sorry about that. 
Karen Fletcher: Okay, thanks Julianne. Thanks for joining us on the call this morning and feel free to reach out to me if you have any further questions. Thank you. 
Scott Santi: Yeah, sure Ann. So I think there's really nothing yet unusual on a monthly basis as we went through the quarter. I think as we talked about in the script, we did see a modest slowdown, particularly on the CapEx side here in Q3 similar to what we saw in Q2, and you saw it show up to some extent in Food Equipment as well as in Test and Measurement where the growth rates were lower in Q3 relative to Q2 on a year-over-year basis.  You know that said, I also think it was worth pointing out that when we look at the underlying activity in these businesses and the order rates, they are actually looking pretty good heading into Q4, so a little bit of a mixed bag here.  I’d say automotive looks like on a year-over-year basis, certainly the Q3 organic growth rate was better than Q2. Part of that is an easier comparison, and then obviously we talked about the impact of the GM strike here in Q3, so – and the remaining segments, pretty stable, you know Welding, Construction, and Specialty. 
Scott Santi: Yeah, so I was just talking about North America which is really 80% of our business. You know, we did see some softness on the equipment side, down 4%, but keep in mind the comp from last year, equipment was up 11% in Q3 last year. Consumables, up 4% – I think we were up 8% in consumables here in the second quarter. So, a little bit of – maybe a little bit of a slow down on the consumables side, but overall North America down 1%, and I think we’ve said Welding is pretty stable here in Q3 similar to what we saw maybe in the second quarter. 
Scott Santi: Well, I would say that all the scenarios, all the potential scenarios from it gets settled. I guess next week with the Board [ph], all the way through that never gets settled through the quarter are embedded in our guidance range. You know there is – we have really no purpose or advantage in trying to make a particular bet. We are obviously not involved in the process, but have incorporated all the – you know sort of the most optimistic and the most pessimistic scenarios in our guidance range for the balance of the year and essentially that's how we are approaching it. And since you asked Michael, and I’ll give you a little color in terms of the potential impact on the organic growth of the company. 
Scott Santi: Well, I think the – I don't see it as a risk. I think really what we are seeing play out is that the PLS rate has definitely come down over this, you know the period that we’ve been implementing it. 
Scott Santi: If you remember back to the front end of the implementation of the strategy, it was running 1 point to 1.5 points.  You know, we feel like on an ongoing basis just embedded in how we operate the business model normalized, I think we even talked about this at last Investor Day; normalized PLS should be 30 to 40 bps, so at 60 I don't think we are too far from, you know we're not – we're certainly demonstrating the movement through that process certainly, and as you suggested, the low hanging fruit we dealt with a few years ago, but there's certainly some fine tuning going on.  A lot of that in those businesses that we're still working on, getting position to grow, we’ll give you an update at the Investor Day in terms of how we're tracking on the rate of growing versus not growing divisions, but I assure you we are making solid progress on that front, and we’ll as I said, give you a fulsome updates in March, on Friday the 13th. 
Scott Santi: Yeah, there is no question. I'm not – you know the macro environment certainly right now would offset some of the online [ph] progress, but we are on it from the standpoint of the qualitative steps we need to take to accelerate organic growth. That has continued unabated through this process. It's certainly a little more difficult to see in terms of growth rate, the yield on all that effort given the environment right now, but you know we have – I assure you we are making really solid progress and it remains the number one focus of everything we're doing. 
Scott Santi: Well, I guess I don’t want this to be interpreted wrong, but I have none. I think our view, you know fundamentally in terms of how we operate the company is we are going to operate, we are going to react and we are going to operate to the best of our ability and whatever the external environment throws our way. I think we've built – spent six or seven years now building a highly competitive, very effective company that now has the kind of margin cushion underneath it that allows us to react to whatever the world throws at us.  I think you're all well aware of some of the issues right now and that they relate largely to a lot of uncertainty that’s out in the environment for reasons that you are I'm sure all well aware of.  I think whatever – you know however that gets resolved, this company is well positioned to operate at a very high level on an absolute and a relative basis in that environment and given some of what we’ve talked about historically in terms of flexible cost structure, in terms of margin and profitability that we will continue to focus on operating the company in the most appropriate way for whatever the environment is that we find ourselves. Personally I'm optimistic, but who knows. 
Scott Santi: So not really Andy. It was pretty similar in North America to what we saw in Q2, I think characterized a little by some stability is maybe a way to describe it. I think if you look at you know the industrial businesses, down and low single digits, so that's more on the heavy equipment side.  The commercial business flat, maybe down a point or so and an underlying that like I said so the equipment side down four, offset by consumables up four, so we end up basically flat. Maybe I'll give you one more data point here. You know the oil and gas side was actually slightly positive, not a big part of the business in North America, but up mid-single digits in Q3, so – but really a stable quarter in terms of welding. 
Scott Santi: Yeah, it's very similar. I mean if you look at, there’s a schedule in the appendix of the press release that lays out kind of the – this is pretty broad based and you know as I said, I can give some points out. These are projects that were planned all along for 2020 and we're going to try to accelerate some of those into the Q4 just as a result of this, kind of the demand environment that we're seeing. 
Scott Santi: That is correct. I think if you want to make a distinction, I think the first half of this year there was a focus certainly around acquisition integration on the automotive side. We accelerated some projects there just give the environment that in hindsight turned out to be you know a good decision and you know this time around it's more enterprise initiative 80/20 related projects that were you know scheduled for 2020 that we're going to pull forward into 2019. 
Scott Santi: Well, I think from the standpoint of channel inventory and we talked about this before, but we are – given the performance embedded in, let’s call it the operational X, you know elements of 80-20, you know we are you know for 90% plus of what we sell. You give us an order today, we ship it tomorrow.  So from the standpoint of channel inventory, I think that's an advantage and from the standpoint of our channel partners in terms of minimizing their need to carry a lot of inventory, so you know I think it’s one of the reasons why we tend to have these external market inflection one way or the other show up in our business quicker than maybe some others where there's more backlog involved.  I think that's a real advantage, but you know I don't think we're going to talk about destocking or any of that stuff, because I don't really think it's an issue from our standpoint given the relatively low level of them toward that are – I mean there are some out there certainly, but it's not a material element given the way we’re able to service our channel partners.
Scott Santi: Yeah, it's a little bit of all of the above. I mean I think these processes are all in various stages. In terms of negotiations and you know I think we've talked about our goal is to get half of these transactions completed this year and all of them completed by the end of next year.  I'll say in terms of overall financial impact, you know there may be some one-time gains on sale that I'm sure you know we're going to call those out and you can adjust our EPS numbers based on that. I think fundamentally from a financial standpoint as we look forward, this is to 2020, the EBITDA that we are divesting here, that will essentially be offset by lower share account. So from an EPS standpoint there really is no significant impact on the company.  And then structurally when all of these are completed by 2020, which is certainly our goal, you know structurally there's an element here of addition by subtraction as we've talked about. That's the 50 basis points of improvement in the organic growth rate and 100 basis points of improvement in our underlying operating margins. 
Scott Santi: And I’ll just extent that. I know we should – in any way interpreting this is the same. We are not fully on track to take in our margins to where we think we can on a long term basis by 2023, right. 
Scott Santi: We haven't seen anything that changes our view of both the potential from the standpoint of growth in any of those businesses and also in terms of the agenda and the things we need to do to get them to deliver growth to that full potential. We’ll give you guys a really good update, I promise, when we meet in March, in terms of exactly how those different types of businesses performed, even through this period where there’s some macro pressure. 
Scott Santi: Yes, so two things Nigel. So let me recap what I said earlier, maybe say it a little more clearly. So one is typical seasonality if you go back and look, our orders, our margin rates go down from Q3 to Q4 because of the volume goes down, so that’s one piece here.  The second piece is higher restructuring on a year-over-year basis, and then the third piece is lower volume, and so including the potential GM impact that we quantified earlier.  So it's really those three elements that are you know factored into the overall equation and our overall guidance, and even with those elements, you know within EPS, within organic growth guidance and that we treat the margins for the full year really to reflect everything I just talked about. And again, we're talking about decimal points on rounding’s here. 
Scott Santi: It would – we don’t have any forward plan to do that. As I said earlier, you know the system for us is essentially self-correcting to the level of demand that our businesses are experiencing week to week and so in a way I would say yes, because normally fourth quarter volumes dip from Q3 and therefore inventory and actually it follows that path. But it's more of a, just a way the 80-20 operating system operates. It’s not a you know what, not to tell people to do it. 
Scott Santi: Yeah, I mean the big difference is really you know the currency piece. So we have you know a more headway on the top line and on EPS relative to when we gave guidance in Q2, really as a result of foreign exchange rates moving against us here since July when we were on the last earnings call. 
Scott Santi: Yes, so let me start with the welding. I mean in think we characterized it as a pretty stable and just to be clear, our organic growth rates, we don't break out volume versus price, right, so that may be part of – and I don't know what everybody else is saying at this point, but that may be part of the difference here on the welding side.  You know Food Equipment, you know we did continue to see solid growth on the institutional side as we talked about restaurants flattish and then really the softness if you want in food was on the retail side and we can point to some specific orders that were pushed out to Q4 and so the underlying order rates on the food equipment side are pretty good. So that's how we tried to characterize it earlier. 
Scott Santi: Let me just clarify, we make products that people use and they pour on those floors, we don’t do that.
Michael Larsen: Yeah, I think here in Q4, as Scott said kind of best case at this point is, we start back up next week. So we’ve already lost a month, which is almost a full point of organic growth at the ITW level, about 3 percentage points of impact in the auto segment alone, so that's essentially done at this point. And then if you can you kind of, as Scott said, if things do not get resolved at all this quarter, which is maybe the worst case scenario, we would lose another [multiple speakers].
Michael Larsen: Which is the worst case scenario. You know we’d lose another 2 points of organic growth here. So those things are kind of all embedded in what we're talking about today, and I think it's part of the elements that you know skew our view in terms of the guidance range towards the lower end as we talked about it. 
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean I think, obviously we don’t want to get into customer profitability, but in terms of you know EPS, we're talking about pennies of impact here. 
Michael Larsen: Why don’t I take the easy one, which is the first part, then maybe we'll take a stab together on the second piece.  I mean I think we've tweaked our full year margin guidance as you noticed, really to account for two things. One is that just given the demand environment that we're in, we made a decision to further accelerate some restructuring projects and so we are going to be spending more on restructuring for the full year. And these are really projects that were in the pipeline for next year and so we've pulled them forward into this year, so that's a portion of it.  And then the other piece is really you know we talked about GM impact and just kind of the macro environment and the potential impact on volume leverage, so really those two things combined.  I will tell you that at the same time when I look at the – you know we'll give you kind of a squiggle, 24%. I mean we're really talking about decimal points here, so I wouldn't read too much into, you know certainly into the implications for next year. Our ability to continue to expand margins, nothing has changed from that perspective.  So hopefully that makes you feel a little bit better about the margin assumptions here and then the second question I think was really in terms of how things play out from here, from a macro standpoint and…
Michael Larsen: Yes, so this is a little tricky Dave, because we don't give Q4 guidance, we're giving you a full year number. What I will tell you is, as you go back and look at historical margins, typically take a step down here in Q4 relative to Q3, like I said, here we talked about restructuring, we talked about lower volume, you could model what the impact might be from that, and then there's no – we're not counting on any one time item one way or another in terms of the fourth quarter. So hopefully that's helpful without giving you specific guidance for the quarter. 
Michael Larsen: And then any EPS impact will be – you know the goal is to completely offset that so we shouldn't see anything from any EPS standpoint. 
Michael Larsen: Yeah, I mean I – all right, so we'll give you a little more detail here. In terms of the QSR side, fast casual actually showing continued to show really strong growth on a year-over-year basis and it's really more of kind of the full service, think like fine dining type that was a little bit slower here in the quarter. So net-net we ended up at about flat on the restaurant side. 
Michael Larsen: I have to go back and look, I mean – and how comps played into that. I mean I think the best I can tell you is the description I just gave you. I think comps probably if you factor that in are the main driver, but we can follow up on that. 
Michael Larsen: No, I mean I think historically what we've – our goal has always been to just offset any material cost inflation with price, and you know that's what we've done so far this year. If you're asking whether things are going to accelerate from here in terms of the 20 basis points of price cost, I wouldn't make that assumption if that’s your question. 
Michael Larsen: So we haven't through any of the plans yet, but I would be very surprised if we heard somebody describe the environment the way you just did, so I think we… 
Michael Larsen: It’s a tough industry and in automotive you know our positioning has a very niche, value added solutions provider. You know it’s fueled by innovation and thousands of patents, that’s how we generate price in automotive, but the cost pressures will always remain and that hasn’t changed and I'd be surprised if that would change on a go forward basis, so… 
Michael Larsen: So, like I said, this was a North American comment and the residential remodel side continues to be really solid and so that's where we experience 4% growth here in the quarter and that's really the – what we call the age of the business; that's the bulk of the business in North America.  You know the commercial side can be a little lumpier. There’s a project business in there. One of the products that we provided is we pour concrete floors for warehouses and data centers and some of those projects can move in and out of the quarter, and you know this quarter that business was down in the low to mid-teens and kind of offset into North American and ended up basically flat. 
Michael Larsen: Yeah, I mean the content as we talked about before is locked in for the next two to three years, so that’s content growth. Obviously we don't know what the auto builds are going to be, but in terms of new product launches and content of new vehicles, the whole business is geared around you know 200 to 400 basis points of above market growth as a result of continued penetration gains. Obviously that number is higher in China as you saw this quarter again, and have seen for many years, but on average it's in that 200 basis to 400 basis range and that hasn’t changed. 
Michael Larsen: Yeah, I mean I think as you look at the test and measurement business, so down 4% but up 1% excluding the semi-business. We've seen actually some – a couple of months here on the semi side from an order standpoint and then the electronics business is down really primarily driven by electronic assembly. And here similar to what we talked about early, we had some orders that we're differed from Q3 into Q4, and so…  But the MRO side inside of electronics and more I think like clean room technology is pretty stable. But again, it's really more – so that the pressure is really more of the on the equipment side. But again order rates are somewhat encouraging as we head into Q4. If you look at historical, Q4 is always the biggest quarter for the test and measurement business. So that's probably as much color as I can give you. 
Michael Larsen: Well, I think that's a great question, and I think we’ll be spending quite a bit of time on that at Investor Day. I mean I think part of what's going on here is 80-20 is – the core element here is that of continuous improvement and you know I think the more work we do in this area, the better we get at 80/20, the better the raw material in terms of the underlying businesses, you know the more opportunity we find.  And so if you recall all the way back to when we launched the enterprise strategy, the goal was to get to 20% EBIT margins. Today we are sitting in the mid-20s with a clear path to 28% in the not too distant future, and it's not that we knew all along, that's what we were going to end up with. It's really that we keep getting better and better at 80-20, and 80-20 today as our operating system is more powerful than it's ever been in his to the company and it continues to evolve. So you know I can't give you specifics in terms of basis points for next year yet, but we expect to continue to make progress consistent with what we've done over the last six years and I’ll just want one more data point.  If you look at, this is not one or two segments driving this. This is really broad based. I think we said between 80 and 190 basis points across the segments and so that gives me and should give you some confidence for sure that there's a lot more opportunity to come here from the margins standpoint, so… 
David Raso: A quick clarification on the fourth quarter of the margin. With the implied sales and the implied EPS, which is about $1.94 or so to hit your mid-point, it does seem to require the operating margin to be you know nearly 25%, call it 24.8%, 24.9%, something like that. So are we saying there's a step down in the margins in the fourth quarter and if so, is the fourth quarter helped by below the line items to hit the EPS? I'm just trying to level, is that the fourth quarter view. 
David Raso: So that's interesting. You're saying the improvement in the inventory management, 2Q to 3Q that we normally say again year-over-year, that was just normal course a business. You would say that was not any proactive…
David Raso: Right. Well, lastly – thank you. The portfolio management, that half of the asset sales are still hope to be done by the end of this year. Can you just give us an update on – you know we're only few months away. Is it a matter of the right partners, is it you know still discussing the price? Just to make sure we’re comfortable and we still see some of those asset sales done by the end of this year. Thank you.
A - Scott Santi: Right. That – we’re not getting into a lot of detail. That’s just – there's a self-correcting element to demand found where you know all that stuff is. We’ve talked about this before and we’ll show it to you in Fort Worth a little bit when we visit there, but essentially we are producing today what our customers bought yesterday. So there's no forward forecasting in our raw material replenishment. It's all basically replenishment from vendors, so it’s essentially self-correcting to the demand environment, which is the reflection and what showed up or what you are looking at. 
A - Scott Santi: Well, I don't know that I can give you a lever. In terms of specifics we're going to give you our guidance. As Michael said in January, we haven't even completed the planning process yet. We do that typically in November, so all I can tell you from the standpoint of moving pieces is for sure we have a backlog of enterprise initiative projects. We expect continued margin improvement structurally from those next year.  I can't exactly dimension it for you yet, because we haven’t gone through the planning process, but I would say it would be you know my – sitting here today that would be – it would be in line with what we did this year, which is a full point or so give or take. You know and the other big question for next year is going to be where does the volume go in terms of the macro. This is a company that's really well set up. In terms of leverage if we can get some volume growth going from the standpoint of end markets, but if we see further deceleration in 2020, then we'll, you know we’ll react to it. I think we'll operate well either way and then these divestitures will as Michael said, add a full point of margin performance as we work through those and complete those by the end of next year.  So I think from the standpoint of the overall margin profile of the company and you know the clarity of our path to where we said we were going to get 2023, I don't see anything that’s also becoming an obstacle to that for sure. 
A - Scott Santi: Yes, so I think in Europe we talked about I think in the last call, things appearing to begin to stabilize in Europe and so we've gone from being down kind of mid to high single digits to you know now flat as builds have recovered as well in Europe, so.  And then China was really the big outperformance there as really as a result of continued penetration gains, primarily with local Chinese OEM's. So even in a market where builds are down kind of in the mid-single digits here in Q3, we’re able to outperform and grow our business you know 7%. So it's nothing new. It's really a continuation of the strategy that we've been pursuing there for many years, so. 
