Scott Santi: Well, I'd say a couple of things, Andy. First of all, this has been a process throughout the entire journey where the sort of further we go with that, the more opportunity we find to continue to improve. And I think one of the remarkable things from our perspective is eight years into this, I don't see that slowing up any. And so we are focused on continuing to move forward to get better every year, get a little bit better this year than we were last year. Within the framework of this, the strategy that we've laid out and I think there remains ample room to continue on that path for a number of years. We also have some performance goals out there. You're right, it's been a couple of years, but two years ago, it's when we update those goals, and we remain absolutely on track and committed to delivering on those goals. And as we get closer to that, we'll figure out what the next step is - steps are.
Scott Santi: I can tell you one thing on the quarterly cadence that Q2 is going to be a lot better this year than with last year. That's the one thing I know for sure. I agree with that.
Scott Santi: Well, I - the only way that it's - that's factored in at this point is, it's embedded in the impact of those efforts have already made in our current run rates. So we are not baking in any further acceleration, it doesn't mean that we don't have a lot of intention around continuing to as we've talked about before, be aggressive as the recovery continues to accelerate, but from the standpoint of our normal planning practice, we are - what's embedded in our organic growth forecast is exactly what Michael said earlier, the current run rates - daily run rates projected through full-year 2021 with whatever the normal sort of seasonal impacts are quarter-by-quarter.
Scott Santi: Yes, I think that's where the proof is got to be in the project and that's what we've been working on. And so I, certainly in 2020 and '21, I think to try to get any sense of sort of what the market baselines are given the - just the overall volatility in all the, let's say the corresponding supply chain impacts on demand and inventory levels and all that stuff, it's really, it's almost possible to tell, but I would absolutely expect that our ability to stay focused and aggressive on the growth agenda through all of this, I won't say a better payoff but I'd say it's payoff is what we're all about. That's what we've been doing all this stuff for. So I won't tell you that every one of our 83 divisions are all the way there, but I guarantee you that I can say that 90% of them are in great position, are doing all the right things, have stayed focused and have stayed aggressive through this, we're not in that, we're not using the ready to grow and not growing categories anymore. I'll put it that way. It's - I think we're well past that point.
Scott Santi: That's exactly what I told our EVP, Ann. Just so you know. So what I'd tell you, Ann is that obviously, a strong year for the construction business and finishing Q4, up 8% on a year-over-year basis, a lot of strength in the home centers that we've talked about really since the beginning of the pandemic, and we expect that to be just given the comps that the growth in the home centers would be in the low single-digits. We - there are some encouraging signs around housing starts. And then we have a great portfolio of highly differentiated products. So you put all of that together, I think our view is we should be able to grow in the mid to high single-digits here in 2021. And as I said, we're off to a good start here in January, so.
Scott Santi: Yes, I can't really think of anything, particularly given the environment we're in, other than point to what we've been talking about throughout, which is we stayed focused on implementing those, the relevant changes, strategic changes business by business along the lines of what you're talking about throughout this entire - throughout the entirety of 2020. So I think if anything, the most significant part of what we accomplished in '20 is we stayed ready, we stayed prepared, we stayed in position and we kept moving the ball. And so I don't know that there is any big shifts that I can point to as much as the fact that we stayed in there and kept moving forward while dealing with the pretty unusual set of near-term circumstances and I expect that that will pay significant dividends, particularly if the rate of recovery continues on as we're seeing right now.
Scott Santi: Yes, relative. New products are core - it's a core I want to - of our business model, customer back innovation we have been - there has been no change in terms of the central nature of that as our strategy. We're banging out a couple of thousand patents a year. Year in, year out, that certainly continued on in 2020 as it always has. So I don't know that there has been any inflection or change in terms of our posture there. It is, in my view, it's the only way we outgrow our markets over the long haul. We're going to get some penetration from our service capabilities from our ability to attract new customers, but in the end, innovation, new products, new technologies, or existing products is the key and core driver ultimately of our, I believe they outgrow our markets consistently over time. That's not a new concept here.
Scott Santi: Yes. I just go back to our, basically two criteria. One is that we - It has to - we have to - if we're going to make that kind of an investment in terms of not just to our capital, but our time, effort and energy, it has to be in something that we have a lot of conviction about that can support or further accelerate the company's long-term growth potential. And we have to also have significant potential for margin improvement from 80/20. If you look at MTS and that absolutely checks both of those boxes. So I don't - we don't have anything that in my view as off-limits, if those criteria are met and I'll just leave it at that. I am not good at that, but I will also say, as more we’re leaning in super harder on one particular sector or another. I think as we've talked about before, we have demonstrated ability to perform and execute across seven businesses today. So ultimately, it's much more a function of the individual characteristics of the asset that we're talking about than it is any sort of outside-in view of, we want to - we need to get growth year or play for a certain theory about long-term end-market growth.
Scott Santi: Yes. What we talked about last call was really around the fact that what we're interested in is quality assets that we can help good companies, so we can help become even better companies and the fact is that during times of maybe disruption that those good companies if we got inside of [indiscernible] time for them to sell their businesses. So the reticence was not from a financial perspective, it was just a statement of reality that the kind of assets that we are interested in acquiring are not available. We - our interest in adding quality assets to ITW that fit our strategy and that meet the criteria that I talked about that was in my response to an earlier question. That doesn't go up and down, that is always there. We have plenty of capacity whether we have cash on hand, whether we have - we need to use the balance sheet, that's just a timing issue. Yeah, we have so much cash. We have the ability to improve these assets we buy, we generate great returns, it's just a matter of the - we're also very disciplined. So we find - we come across an opportunity that we think fits, it's not a situation on what - is it the right time or not, it's at the ample capacity to do it. So we're going to just low our standards because we have been sitting on some cash right now. I think that's the best way I can characterize it. MTS is a compelling hit, it has characteristics that are very similar to our Instron business that we bought back in 2005, entry margins are roughly the same, I think it's around to a couple of points higher, similar end market characteristics, it's a terrific fit that it wouldn't matter what time - what year - where we were in the cycle or what time of year it was, we have another MTS like opportunity, we will take full advantage, do our best to take full advantage of it and that's the best way I can I think say.
Scott Santi: Well, so we don't really look at it that way, David. So let me try to answer your question, maybe a little bit differently. So I think what I heard you say is we will offset any material cost increases with price on a dollar for dollar basis.
Scott Santi: So that's where I was going. So any incremental cost increases that we may see as we go through the year will be offset with price dollar for dollar. Obviously...
Scott Santi: In the long term, we will. Yeah. We will catch up and we typically get more than that. I think what you're talking about is that in the - if that does mean if you do the math, which I'm sure you've done that can be slightly dilutive to operating margins as we go through the year, but that's not what's in our planning today and our plan today is we are positive price ahead of cost and any cost increases that are coming through will be offset dollar for dollar, that can be a slight lag. We talked a lot about some of the challenges in automotive, so that's probably the best I can answer your question.
Scott Santi: Yes, I think it's not a matter of finding things that are off the radar. The ultimate advantage we have even in a competitive market is the margin improvement potential, so that our ability to pay whatever the multiple is, there are certainly our financial modeling. I'm not suggesting we can pay any multiple but certainly, our ability to pay market multiple and then triple or quadruple the underlying earnings and knowing that we can do that with a high degree of certainty over some period of time is ultimately what allows us to be competitive. So that's, why we've said all along is we're not going to pay for a full - buying or acquiring a fully margin business is not interesting for us because it takes that competitive advantage off the table and from a return standpoint, it makes it all about where you right about the growth rate, 10 years out, which is a pretty challenging thing to get right. So we can compete in the right circumstance and we just proved it. I think.
Scott Santi: So they didn't close on the deal first and they do all your accounting and when - and hopefully that'll be mid-year. And so when we get on the earnings call, hopefully for Q2 will be able to give you a lot more detail in terms of the questions that you're asking. Our current view based on what we are - what we have modeled is that there is not going to be a material impact in year one, and then the implementation of the business model takes some time. We didn't buy the business obviously for the potential year one. This is a long-term investment and one we are very pleased with and we see a clear path to get it to ITW caliber margins and returns over the timeframe that we discussed. So, but if you could wait until we get the deal closed and we'll provide all the detail here.
Scott Santi: Yes, I'll go back to what Michael said that at that point we can count on because that was we've just started, we are a couple of weeks into and there were some obviously visible specific opportunities that we were aware of, at this point, it's far too broad base, it's not something that we're sort of tracking across the company necessarily.
Scott Santi: Yes, so Ross, let me say, first I hope you're right. And second, I'll just go back to what I said in the prepared remarks, in response to one of the questions earlier is that how we have modeled the topline is really using current levels of demand in our - in what we're seeing in our businesses. We're projecting that into the year. If you go and look at kind of historically how a typical year unfolds at ITW in terms of the earnings in the first half versus the second half. It is remarkably consistent. So I think that's probably a good start to help you maybe understand a little bit better, how the things might unfold kind of first half, second half, but to be very clear, again, we are not taking into any of our guidance that demand is going to slow in the second half, we're also not taking in that demand is going to accelerate. So to the extent you have a more positive view in some of the segments, you can certainly model that and see what answer you get, but we are assuming that, like I said, the demand stays, revenue per day stays where it is, adjusted for seasonality projected into 2021.
Michael Larsen: Well, I'd say, Andy, we - based on our bottoms-up planning process, we expect every segment to improve on their margin performance in 2021, as Scott said, a little bit better every year as we march towards our full potential. I think one of the remarkable things, when you look at the margin performance by segment is how the range has narrowed and we're - as we sit here today, the low-end is food equipment at 22% and the high-end is welding at 29%, very different range from when we started this strategy eight years ago. And I think the fact that we have businesses, delivery margins in the high 20s just gives us further confidence in the long-term goals that we've laid out for the company. So the big driver in 2021 remains Enterprise Initiatives. Those are broad-based in every segment will make progress on 80/20 and Strategic Sourcing, and certainly, we expect that also a meaningful contribution from volume leverage as we go through the year here. But I wouldn't single any segment out as having more margin improvement potential than others. I think we expect all of our segments to continue to make progress towards their full potential.
Michael Larsen: Yes, Andy, and I can give you a little bit on price costs. So certainly, like I said, we are closely monitoring the raw material cost environment, we are seeing inflationary pressures in commodities such as steel, resins, certain chemicals, by segments, automotive, construction, and polymers and fluids is probably where we're seeing the more significant increases. In all of our segments, the plan is to offset those cost increases, the ones that we know about and the ones that may arise this year with price on a dollar for dollar basis. As you know, in automotive, just given the nature of the industry that is a process that takes a little bit longer, but we're confident that over time, we're going to be able to offset any raw material cost increases with price, just given the differentiated nature of our product offerings in each one of these segments, so.
Michael Larsen: So just on the - there's a lot of talk about the shortage of semiconductor in the automotive OEM space. What I can tell you is, and this is true across all of our businesses, we've not seen a slowdown in demand and strong momentum going into the year, certainly carried through January. It is possible, though, that we may see some production slowdown here in Q1 at some of our customers, whether that will impact the demand, their demand for our products, I think remains to be seen. We view this right now as more of a timing issue and so certainly, this could put a little bit of pressure on the auto business here in the first quarter. But as we sit here today, we would assume that we're going to catch that up in Q2 or the second half of the year. In terms of the quarterly cadence for the auto business. I think you saw the strong performance here in the fourth quarter, up 8%. Like I said, we've not seen anything to suggest that that demand is slowing down while we're looking at the January results. So we expect, given how we've planned the business to be off to a pretty good start with positive organic growth and margin improvement in the first quarter that typically sequentially that builds as we go through the year. Q2 will be, as Scott said, the biggest quarter and the second half, the comps start to get a little bit more challenging, the build numbers are a little bit different but that's probably as much as I can give you on the automotive business and kind of how this might play out by quarter.
Michael Larsen: No, I think it's pretty - I think the comps are a little bit easier in Europe, maybe in North America but we, really on a global basis, we had a good year. But, so that's really all that I would point to.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So I think welding, strong finish to the year good momentum going into 2021 and I'd say a pretty solid outlook for all end markets, maybe with the exception of the oil and gas piece, which is somewhere in the 15% to 20%, it's probably closer to 15% of total revenues that is expected to remain soft as we go through the year. But the commercial business has been strong all year and no signs of that slowing down the industrial side. So this is what Scott talked about with CapEx may be picking up as this recovery path is a little clearer. We're expecting a solid year in the welding business with again continued progress on the margin side, despite the fact that they put up almost 29% here in the fourth quarter.
Michael Larsen: And I would just add financially speaking, John, our internal investments, new product, our top priority from a capital allocation standpoint, then if you look at our new product investment in 2020, it was the same number as in 2019 as we stayed invested in these projects and strategies to drive above market organic growth. Historically, we've achieved about a percentage point of organic growth every year for new products and that's kind of we're counting on in every segment as we move forward.
Michael Larsen: Yes, so, Jamie, on your first question, we are seeing an increase in freight cost. It is not one of the largest, categories when we look at where we're seeing cost pressure, but it is any known increases in terms of freight and logistics are embedded in our plan, in our guidance here today. I think in terms of market share, as a result of being able to maintain delivery and quality, if we were to talk to our segments, they would all be able to come up with lots of examples from their divisions where that is the case. And it's not just in one segment, it's really across the Board. We've been able to pick up share now. So I would just say, we're not doing this with the short-term focus that these have to be sustainable market share gains and they have to be at ITW caliber margins for us to be interested in pursuing them. So it's probably the best answer I can give you on that one.
Michael Larsen: Yes so, Julian. You're right. Some of the capacity expansions that were planned for 2020 were obviously pushed out as a result of the global pandemic, not as a result of anybody at corporate saying you can't invest in your business. This was really our divisions deciding to defer these capacity expansions and as the recovery progresses, those - that CapEx spend will return to normal levels, which is the assumption that's embedded for 2021. We also had in our free cash flow forecast and assumption that we will build up some degree of inventory receivables, working capital to support almost double-digit growth across the enterprise. So we have about $125 million of working capital coming in and that is included in our numbers here and you put it all together, we expect to deliver another strong year from a cash flow perspective at 100% plus conversion from net income.
Michael Larsen: And maybe I'll just clarify something, Julian. I mean I think given our track record here as we just talked about in terms of consistently generating strong free cash flow given the strong balance sheet, I don't want you to interpret the fact that the buybacks are coming back, as we don't have capacity to do M&A, because that is certainly not the case. I mean we have ample liquidity as Scott said if the right opportunity comes along, we're going to be certainly looking closely at things. So I wouldn't read anything into buybacks coming back. We are in the fortunate position where - when I talked about the four priorities from a capital allocation standpoint, for us, it's not A, B, C or D, it's really, we can do all of the above. We have the capacity, the financial strength, the balance sheet to do all of the above.
Michael Larsen: And then I think add a clarification. That means an incremental from here. That doesn't mean necessarily in our plan.
Michael Larsen: I'll help you with this part, if you want me, which is just figure the margin is steady sequential improvement year-on-year, just like we run the company. There is no big step change. And so the path from 6% or whatever the starting point is to the ITW average is side by side. It’s just a better model than some hockey stick in the early period, if that helps.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think like I would look at this, it has still potential, we had modeled 30 basis points as kind of the ongoing run rate, so you're pretty close here.
Michael Larsen: Yes, but you have to look at maybe, Ross we'll take this one offline and I can walk you through how the historical trends, okay.
Michael Larsen: I'm not sure how else to answer your question. So, and again, I'm not giving you quarterly guidance, we're giving you full year and I think there's enough information if you look at the historical trends to figure out how things might play out in a quarterly basis.
Michael Larsen: Yes. Again, Joe, as I said earlier, we will provide more of the detailed update once the deal has been closed, but you should assume the PLS is a significant component of the overall ITW business model that we will be implementing, so.
Michael Larsen: It happens in the first, the way it's modeled in the first two to three years all the PLS gets done. And then from there are now, you should see the accelerated growth rate with a higher margin profile that we talked about earlier.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think you're right, I mean, we've done a lot of - team's done a lot of PLS over the years, a big focus on organic growth, we continue to see certainly good progress in terms of new products. I talked earlier about on average at the company level, we get a percentage point from customer back innovation, we're actually getting rate that's doubled at in polymers and fluids, so certainly the team has executed well on the organic growth framework and made progress on strategic sales excellence. And I think it certainly helped that some of the end markets were quite favorable in Q4, and the outlook for '21 is pretty good in areas such as health and hygiene. We are seeing a recovery in MRO applications and the retail side related to automotive aftermarket has been solid too, so I will pass on your comments to the polymers and fluids team.
