Scott Santi: Well, the way I would characterize it is, I think we’re largely on track. We did update our margin goal in December for 2017 to be in the 23% range, that’s certainly reflective of the progress generated to date and also what we see ahead in terms of additional opportunity around these initiatives, but again I think we’re largely where we expect to be executing and making progress quarter-by-quarter and still remain on track with what we’ve set out to do two years ago.
Scott Santi: I would say relative to the second part of your question, we haven’t seen any real noticeable change in terms of buying behavior out the oil and gas segment to date. That certainly doesn’t mean that we don’t expect there to be some impact from that as we go forward. But on the ground in the fourth quarter, we didn’t see any significant change relative to the run rates we had from the oil and gas sector heading into the quarter.  On an overall basis for ’15, I think what we saw that was encouraging was some noticeable improvement in demand in North America through the back half of the year, given certainly the volatility of the current environment, I don’t know that we have anything that we would say is leading us to believe that that won't continue as we go forward, and so I think we’re pleased with the momentum that’s been building there and expect it to continue at a moderate level through ’15.
Scott Santi: Well, the answer to that is, we really haven’t seen any change I think, from an overall demand standpoint, Q4 I think things held up pretty well right in line with our expectations certainly consistent with Q3 run rate. So, as we’ve talked before, our planning is built on demand that we’re actually seeing on the ground, and as it relates to Q4, things held up pretty well certainly on track again with expectations and consistent with Q3 run rates.
Scott Santi: So let’s start on the construction side. So if you look at the total segment, we were up 2% in line with what we’ve done really throughout 2014. And so, we’ve been growing in the low single digits in the construction segment, and we’re not expecting things to improve much as we go into 2015. Certainly, there are some encouraging headlines but that is -- we're not counting on it as we go into 2015. North America was up 8%, we saw some strength in renovation, some slight growth on the commercial side and then a decline in residential. So, I wouldn’t get too excited about the number of North America 8%. We expect this to continue kind of along with the run rates that we saw in 2014, so low single digit type growth is how we would characterize the construction in North America with some optimism given some of the headlines. On the price cost side, we had 10 points of favorability in 2014. That is still our base assumption for 2015, but clearly as we’ve talked about the impact of lower crude oil prices and what that may mean to our purchase of chemicals, resins, certainly our transportation and freight costs, we would expect as those savings come through to see an improvement in our price cost metric. For now, we are holding on to the base assumption here at 10 basis points favorable and we’ll keep you posted as we go through the quarters.
Scott Santi: No I think as we went through the quarter here really this behaved in line with our expectations. We had a strong finish in December but we always do. And so there was really nothing unusual about the fourth quarter as it unfolded.
Scott Santi: Well, I think that -- as it relates to that segment specifically they have been doing some real heavy lifting with respect to PLS and are getting close to -- getting through the end of that process. So we would expect that to start to dissipate here as we move through ’15.
Scott Santi: Ajay the connection was a little static so I’m going to -- I think the questions related to some commentary around where we with respect to BSS execution and the second is around sourcing impact relative to lower energy prices and the impact those might have on commodities. Regarding BSS I think we continue to make good progress. I have been very pleased with both the quality and the pace of execution and this is, there has been a lot of moving parts inside the company in support of this initiative and our mantra from day one with our divisions was that we had a lot of important work to do but ultimately we’re going to do that in a way that didn’t impair our ability to serve our customers or deliver for our shareholders throughout and I think we largely been able to sustain that from day one. It is a five year process not a -- and we’re certainly heading into the year three of that. I think organizationally we've got the organizations that we want in place but we’re still doing a lot of work down at the individual division level in terms of plan consolidation, facility consolidations and really getting these businesses in a position to fully operate a single entity global divisions. That work continues. I think we’re well on track but we have a fair load of work still to do in ’15 and probably a decent amount in ’16 on that as well. As it relates to on the sourcing side we are -- any energy savings that accrued this year would be and that’s something we would talk about as it relates to our sourcing initiative that would reflected in our price cost reporting. Sourcing initiatives is much more around permanent changes and structural cost as a result of a much more focused 80-20 driven effort around improving the efficiency with through which we source raw materials. So, as Michael talked about earlier there is certainly some potential for some benefit on this on the input cost side related to lower energy prices but that is something that we would not report as part of our sourcing initiative, we would talk about that as a price cost benefit as we moved down the road.
Scott Santi: The environment overall is still -- I would certainly not describe it as a market with a lot of tailwind. Lot of what we’re benefiting from right now is at number of meaningful new product launches that are -- certainly given us an extra 2% or 3% of organic growth. I think that’s the best color I can give you on it for now is no big changes in demand over the course of the last year but we’ve seen our own growth rate accelerate as we move through the year largely because of some the product commercializations.
Scott Santi: Thank you everyone for your time today. And we’ll look forward to speaking with you all again very soon. Have a great day.
Michael Larsen: Yes, so Ajay, I just maybe reiterate on the sensitivities around foreign exchange and when we were together in December we gave you a rough rule of thumb, I gave everybody a rough rule of thumb that said a penny change in the euro versus dollar rate equates to a penny of EPS on an annualized basis and obviously since then the euro has weakened versus the dollar to a tune of about $0.10 and so that’s the $0.25 of headwind that we talked about now versus the ’15 in December and obviously all currencies are moving. So, this is the rough rule of thumb. Well in terms of hedging, we are well hedged naturally, so we’re a company that manufactures in the regions that we sell into and so this is really just the translation impact for ITW, there are no mismatches in terms of revenues and cost, no structural issues to speak of that need to be addressed here and so beyond that we’re all looking at the same currency rates, we told you what the sensitivities are and in terms of operationally our view hasn’t really changed and the way we run the company hasn’t really changed but obviously the way we report our earnings when we consolidate and back into the U.S. are impacted by currency.
Michael Larsen: We typically do not go into that level of detail for competitive reasons Walter, so we’re not going to go there today I think there is really nothing unusual here.
Michael Larsen: I think the increase we were talking about was in the electronic assembly piece primarily sold into Asia, that business can be a little bit lumpy. So, I wouldn’t read too much into one or two quarters here, we’re certainly encouraged by what we saw in the third and the fourth quarter but the long term growth rate here is unfortunately probably a little bit lower than what we saw in the fourth quarter and probably in the low to mid-single digits in that segment.
Michael Larsen: I mean there’s really been no changes in terms of how we look at price cost inside the company and no increased pushback to your question.
Michael Larsen: Yes so if you recall in the fourth quarter ’13 that business test and measurement was up 8% or 9% organically -- 9% organically. And I think as we look forward into 2015, we expect similar to what we saw in 2014 so in the low to mid-single digits as Scott said earlier and we’ve said many times we in our guidance the way we model this is at current rates. So we expect that test and measurement to be at that low to mid-single digit type growth for 2015.
Michael Larsen: China for us is really primarily driven by the strong performance in our automotive business that continues to outperform in a meaningful way. We also had in the quarter food equipment primarily as a result of an acquisition we did little over year ago. And that’s based strong growth in food equipment and then we talked a little bit about the polymers and fluids business also being positive in China. So the offset here is primarily similar to what we talked about in the third quarter is the welding business where we continue to see some -- two things going on one is product line simplification where we’ve exited some business lines that didn’t meet our threshold from a large end standpoint and then some projects that are still being delayed in China. So I would expect China -- if you look at China for the year we’ve kind of been in that mid-single digit type growth rate and based on the continued outperformance in automotive and food equipment we’d expect that to continue.
