Michael M. Larsen: So, I don't know what data you're looking at Joe, but we are overweight in North America, followed by Europe and then China.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah. Joe, so we just hit a $1.90 EPS. The midpoint for Q4 is $1.83. The revenue is expected to be fairly similar at current levels of demand. The mix is going to be a little bit better by segment. So, some of our higher margin businesses such as Food, Specialty Products should improve.
Michael M. Larsen: And Construction and even Polymers & Fluids, their growth rates should improve in Q4 relative to Q3, offset by Auto which is really at this point one of the lower-margin businesses inside the company. So, that's really on the revenue side, 1% to 2% organic. We expect to expand margins year-over-year, as we've done every quarter this year. Price/cost turned positive on a dollar basis in Q3 versus neutral for the first half. Currency headwind is a little bit lower in Q4 than in Q3. The share count's a little bit lower. The tax rate's a little difficult to call. There's some new guidance expected here in Q4. But overall, we've got a solid path here to our guidance. And I may be just point to our track record over the last five years.
Michael M. Larsen: It's really more related to what's going on, on the retail side of the business being down in a pretty significant way.
Michael M. Larsen: ...through Q4. I think when you look at the balance of the year, the momentum going into Q4 in food specifically looks good. We'd expect a slight improvement in the growth rate in Q4 relative to Q3. And I'd just point, margins, you're right, the mix did have an impact on a year-over-year basis. Sequentially, they were up over 100 basis points.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah. I think, Andy, it's a little early here. We haven't gone through the plans for 2019 yet. Just on other specifically, this is kind of our normal run rate, if go back and look where – it's in that 20 basis points to 30 basis points range, may move around a little bit, but I think that's a pretty safe assumption on a go-forward basis. At Investor Day, we'll lay out specifically the finish the job agenda. And what we're trying to accomplish for the next two years, including continued margin expansion, and as we've said in the past, we certainly expect a positive impact from the Enterprise Initiatives next year. But I can't give you the number as we sit here, simply because we haven't gone through the plans and we haven't looked at the projects and activities and the carryover that will get us to a solid number for 2019.
Michael M. Larsen: No, I think semi, as we said, was fairly stable here in Q3, which means positive growth, although at a lower rate than what we've seen in the first half of the year. That was as expected. We do expect it to slow a little bit further here in Q4 and that's included in our guidance. The other thing to keep in mind for Test & Measurement is you're running up against a difficult comp here in Q4. On a year-over-year basis, that segment was up 9% last year. And even though Test & Measurement was up 7% with a lot of strength in Instron here in Q3, the growth rate year-over-year is probably going to slow a little bit, just based on the comp. But the underlying demand trends in Test & Measurement and Electronics broadly are very solid.
Michael M. Larsen: I can't really comment on everybody else. I can tell you what we're doing. We are seeing a fair amount of cost pressure, other than auto, it's the second highest in terms of price/cost impact. But they've done a great job really reacting on the pricing side and more than offsetting those cost increases on a dollar-for-dollar basis.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah. I think that's a good point. I mean relative to others, and this is true, and maybe to expand a little bit is, not just on raw materials, but also on currency, because we do not hedge currency and raw material costs, maybe they show up faster at ITW and gives our businesses a real-time view of what's going on and then they can react maybe faster on the pricing side. So...
Michael M. Larsen: It's about $200 million. I can't really comment specifically on why we're outperforming. Like I said, we've certainly benefited from strong growth over a long period of times. The growth rate slowed a little bit here in Q3, as expected. And we expect it to slow a little bit further here in Q4. How that compares to everybody else, I'm not sure I can give you a good view.
Michael M. Larsen: I think what's encouraging is that the margin impact, specifically year-over-year, seems to have stabilized. And certainly, it's encouraging to see an improvement in Q3 relative to Q2. This is not going to be a quick fix. I mean, we do expect, between raw materials and tariffs, we're going to have to continue to work the price lever, which we are. And the other piece of the equation is, we were favorable, price dollars were significantly higher than the cost dollars here in Q3, relative to the first half where were neutral. So, that's – when we talk about things beginning to improve, that's really what we're talking about. But obviously, we're in a pretty dynamic environment here in terms of raw material costs and tariffs. And I just want to be a little bit cautious in terms of saying that all of this is all behind us. We're going have to continue to work this really hard, but certainly encouraged by what we've seen here in the near term.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah. I think that the impact in Q3 here was 40 basis points. We laid out a plan, Steve – 5-year plan to get margins to 20% and really a steady 200 basis points improvement every year. And that's what we've delivered so far. But it's not a one-time, it's really more of an ongoing program. No rush to do this, but we're definitely on the right track here.
Michael M. Larsen: We talked a little bit about destocking on the Construction side, really into the big-box retailers here in Q3. That's really more of a near-term impact. You're correct, I mean, the industrial side continues to be very solid. And then, on the consumer side, we are seeing some slightly lower growth rates on a year-over-year basis. I think on a geographic basis, like we talked about, I mean, North America continues to be really solid, up in the mid-single digits year-to-date and for the year. And really, what changed here in Q3 versus Q2 is what we talked about in terms of the international side of the business. Now when you look at it by geography, it's hard to say that there are any real trends.
Michael M. Larsen: It's a couple of pockets of – offset by strength in other pockets. So, we're not making any regional calls here in terms of what's going on from a macro standpoint. We saw some challenges in a few end markets, but there was also strength in other markets in that same region. So, we're not making a region call here.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah. So, I'd rather not go into too much detail here. I'm sorry, Andy. I mean, what I can tell you is it's been pretty challenged for a year now. The comps are going to get easier, but really last year we saw the beginning of a slowdown in investment...
Michael M. Larsen: ...in grocery stores, as it relates to our products around – these are scales, weigh/wrap equipment. We also had a major new roll out of product last year that didn't repeat this year. And we'll see when we do the plans here in a couple of weeks with the Food Equipment team what to expect for next year. But for Q4, in the near term here, we're expecting that things do not get better on the retail side. And it's really a strength outside of retail what we call foodservice on the equipment side, particularly on the institutional side, where our business is up in the mid-teens with a lot of strength, as we talked about, on the healthcare, education, lodging, those trends certainly look really good.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. And specifically on the Polymers & Fluids and Specialty, our guidance is based on the current level of demand, current run rates in those businesses. We've factored in the comps on a year-over-year basis. And based on that, the year-over-year organic growth rate in Q4 is expected to be better than the equivalent in Q3. So, there's nothing specific other than based on current run rates, factoring in the comps.
Michael M. Larsen: I can't really – we're looking at each other here and shaking our heads. We can't really think of anything, Joel, in terms of short cycle being leading indicator. Like we said, this was – other than auto and a few end markets internationally in the two segments we talked about, the performance is pretty good. And we're certainly not seeing anything that underlying demand trends are beginning to slow here.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. I think that was really the big one that we called out. I mean I think, overall, 1% organic growth in the quarter. Europe really good, up 4%. Australia may be slowing just a little bit. In North America, the residential side was down and that's really more of a comp issue. We had – there's the hurricane impact in Q3.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah. So hurricane impact last year, business was up 7%. Sequentially, on a run-rate basis, the underlying demand is still very good. The business is up 4% on a year-to-date basis. Q4 looks to be in line with that and the full year should be up in that 4% to mid-single digit range on the residential side. Commercial is a smaller part of our business. It can be a little lumpy. It's been flattish for a while here. We're up 5% in the quarter. I wouldn't get too excited about that, to be honest with you. I mean I think this is a more of a low-single digit type growth rate on the commercial side. And even with this slowdown, some pressure on the cost side, the fact that the business improved operating margin 40 basis points is pretty good.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, I think really what we saw was a pickup. So, most of our international businesses, as you remember, is oil and gas related. So, we saw a pretty nice recovery. Europe up 10%, a little bit more than that, 11% in the quarter, on the Welding side. China up 15%. So, the majority of that is really driven by oil and gas, which overall was up double digits. You saw the pickup also in consumables, I think up 12% in the quarter here. So, those are kind of the big – and just in terms of the sustainability, we haven't seen anything to suggest that things are slowing.
Michael M. Larsen: We expect it to be less, and it's really just – the one that stands out is Auto, even though Auto was about flat this – here in Q3. In our guidance and based on what we're seeing, we're planning for a little bit worse in that segment. The other segments should be positive. And for the full year, even Auto is going to be very close to positive in all segments, even including Auto.
Michael M. Larsen: So, we're assuming pretty similar Q4 to what we saw in Q3. It's like we said earlier, I mean, on the cost side, this is a pretty dynamic environment. Even though certain of the raws may, looking back, have stabilized, there are others where that's not the case. And so, it's hard to call, but we're expecting that Q4 is similar to Q3. And I think that's, hopefully, a pretty conservative assumption, but it's hard to tell.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, it was really the three divisions internationally that we talked about, so the marking and coding business, the graphics business, and then the appliance business, which – so we sell components into appliance customers. And then, a fair bit of PLS as well, particularly on the international side. So, those were the key drivers. I think what's – it masks a little bit of this really solid performance on the consumer packaging side, which – up 5%, the equipment side up 7%.
Michael M. Larsen: Right. And so, it was really just a couple of divisions on the international side that drove the negative organic growth rate here in Q3.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, I mean, Josh, the best I can give you is – we gave you what we think the impact of tariffs is going to be for 2019 at that $60 million compared to $30 million this year. That's a meaningful number, but nothing insurmountable here, certainly manageable as we continue to work the price side of things. But beyond that, I can't really tell you until we've gone through the detailed plans here with everybody. Just to be clear, the $60 million includes, I think we said this earlier, List 3 increase from 10% to 25%. And so, that's an all-in number, based on what we know today, but it's a pretty dynamic environment.
Ernest Scott Santi: Too early to say. We're going through our planning process right now. And so, we'll update you in December in terms of our view on a go-forward basis. But beyond the macro, we are working on, as we have been for the last five years, repositioning of our businesses really on two levels as we've talked about for a while now. One is that we've got a lot of work to do in terms of operational excellence reapplying 80/20. And once we get there, getting those businesses to leveraging their growth potential – realizing their organic growth potential, we're today at about 50% there in terms of the divisions that I would say have – are operating sort of within the range of their potential, both from the standpoint of 80/20 and from the standpoint of their organic growth, where the combined organic growth year-to-date of those 51% of our divisions is about 7.5% year-to-date. So, part of our growth over next year is certainly beyond the macro is the continued improvement in the underlying performance of those other 49% of our businesses. We're going through the planning process now. So, there's a number of different things beyond just the macro that are going to affect our organic growth rate. But I think we're pretty encouraged by the progress that we've generated in the 50% of the divisions that are largely there. And as I said, 7.5% year-to-date on a combined basis is pretty good and speaks a lot to the potential to continue to move down that path at the entire company level.
Ernest Scott Santi: Well, it's certainly some of both. I think what I can tell you is that inside the company, this is not a sector issue in terms of Polymers & Fluids versus Automotive, or any of our other segments. This is 87 divisions that operate inside in each of those seven segments and we're at about the 51%, as I said earlier, in terms of businesses that are both operating at the level of excellence that they're capable of from an operational standpoint, application of 80/20, and are driving organic growth at a range that is within what we believe their potential is. And the other 50%, we've got more work to do. And those are pretty equally spread across all seven segments, so there's no particular tilt. I certainly expect that we would have put some better overall progress on the board have we not had auto pullback, like it's pulling back in the second half of the year. It's been our fastest-growing segment. So, we're giving up a little bit in the near term. But our focus is on getting this company to its full potential. We think we've got about two years left to run in terms of getting all the way there. I don't want to steal the story from December, but that's what Michael's alluding to and we've got plenty of more room to go on both from an operational margin standpoint, and certainly, we've got to get the other 49% of our divisions moving faster on organic. And it's not that they have under-executed, it's that they've started from further back, they've had more work to do to get there. And I think – our plan at this point is to tell you that in some pretty specific detail at the December Investor Day. So, you'll have a good view of what we think (30:33) and what the processes will look like over the next couple of years to do it.
Ernest Scott Santi: I think, give us a chance to run through all the operating plans. We're right in the middle of that process now. I don't mean to be evasive at all. But I think the December Investor Day is in December for a reason, because it gives us a chance to go through in detail. But what I would say is, we will have a plan for, of the 49% of our divisions that are not there yet, how many of them are we going to get there in 2019 and what kind of help that's going to provide.
Ernest Scott Santi: Well, I think certainly over the last couple of quarters, the facts are that the backward look IHS in terms of what production actually was is pretty good. The forward looks have not been so good. So, obviously, we're going to think – we'll probably take a more ITW-specific view based on own experience as we think about 2019 for auto.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah. I think, John, it's more related to the fact that sort of inventory levels are getting adjusted to these lower build rates. We have a lot of confidence based on new programs that we've added and are continuing to add that we are still getting penetration gains in Europe, and it's just a matter of those are being offset by our customers pulling inventory down. Their requirements are less because they're producing less. But you'll see it go back to positive, certainly, over the next couple of quarters depending on how – where the overall production rates go.
Ernest Scott Santi: Well, I think what I can say for sure is, in both cases, for slightly different reasons, they are – the starting point, it was certainly further back in the pack in terms of just the kind of complexity. Polymers & Fluids was a complete acquisition built segment. So, we just had a lot more – we've had a lot more stuff to deal with there in terms of getting them positioned to do what we've been capable of. That's sort of where I sit today, I think we've got another couple of years to get this whole company where we think it can be. And in those two, I'd say, parts of Specialty and a lot of Polymers & Fluids, it's just a matter of the starting point was further back, if you will, in terms of making the kind of transformation that we're in the process of making. Both are highly differentiated. Look at the margin rates, they're really solid, positions inside some really strong niches. So, I think we like the competitive position, overall, but they have to grow faster, there's no doubt.
Ernest Scott Santi: And if we determine that they can't at some point, then I think your logic is not unreasonable. But I think we've got some more room to go before we are ready to make a call on that.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah. I think, all of that, across the whole portfolio, is stuff – those are sort of options that are certainly both valid and really interesting. I think, just given the level of performance, the profitability, and what we think the core growth potential is, I think, what – our focus is – let's get what we have in full potential position and not try to fix our problems. Let's address it with the businesses by operating the business we own to their full potential. And from that view then, we can look at how we might supplement or perhaps organize ourselves differently.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah. We're making really good progress there. We're in the year three of basically a five-year process, and we're talking specifically about EF&C that we added.
Ernest Scott Santi: And so, the things are certainly progressing, I would say, at this point, ahead of plan. It's a great business. We've added some great team members and progress is really good. And I think some of the quarterly timing in terms of restructuring is also – I don't think it's a particularly big headwind for margin in auto on an annual basis. It does jump out in the quarter based on timing of when we're actually implementing certain things. And I think that was probably more of the case.
Ernest Scott Santi: Well, we think – from what we're hearing, the biggest factor is new emission standard, and there has been a lot of, let's call them, bottlenecks in terms of our customers getting their vehicles through that process. And to the extent, I – it's not something that we control, nor is it something that we have either direct input from our customers on or a point of view in terms of where that bottleneck clears and things, let's say, normalize. But that was a big factor in Europe in terms of the reduction – the decline in production in Q3. That's certainly going to continue to be there in Q4. We will hope to have a look into 2019 by December in terms of – at least, give you our view of how that will play out. And the other part of Europe was also the softer demand in China. The fair amount of auto production in Europe is exported to China and, ultimately, have demand there. There being China on a go-forward basis will also have an impact. But right now, we're calling this Q4 and we're not expecting any change.
Ernest Scott Santi: I'll take the first one and I'll let Michael take the second one. And I, again, don't mean to be evasive, but I think in December we'll give you a fulsome update on our thinking with regard to portfolio and how we're thinking about it and how we will go forward.
Ernest Scott Santi: No. We're a book and bill. I mean, you order it today, we ship it tomorrow. We've not seen any pull forward that I can think of. I'm sort of running my head through the portfolio here. In fact, we've sort of given our delivery performance incentive by the opposite.
Ernest Scott Santi: And everybody's going through it. So, the only thing I would add is that the pricing reaction of this in the marketplace has been going on all year, will continue to go on, not just by ITW, but you're hearing it from, I'm sure, all of other industrial companies that you cover. And so, I think the environment is one that, I think, we've got a good view as to how costs are going to continue to escalate in terms of what's known. We've got to continue to see and we're certainly not anticipating them to go the other way anytime soon. So I think from the standpoint of attention and focus and our ability to continue to respond as necessary and as appropriate, I think we're pretty comfortable with where we sit.
