E. Scott Santi: Thanks, John. Good morning, everyone. I'd like to begin with a few comments on full year 2012. In a challenging global economic environment, we were able to deliver solid operating performance, while at the same time rolling out and mobilizing the company behind a number of key initiatives related to our 2012 to 2017 enterprise strategy. Our organic revenues grew 2% in 2012 due primarily to strong year-on-year growth from our auto OEM, welding and test and measurement segments. We also delivered 50 basis points of operating margin improvement, and we grew our adjusted earnings per share 10%. Last month at our investor meeting in New York City, we detailed the enterprise strategy that we are undertaking to position the company to deliver solid growth and even stronger margins and returns on capital in the context of an increasingly challenging global competitive environment. Through the execution of our enterprise strategy, we are narrowing our focus to areas of opportunity where we can fully leverage ITW's unique core capabilities. We have detailed execution plans in place for 2013 around 3 key initiatives associated with our enterprise strategy. Those are portfolio management, business structure simplification and strategic sourcing. We have covered these initiatives in detail in other forums, so won't be going them -- going into them in detail here. But I can assure you that the entire organization is aligned behind and focused on driving meaningful progress on all 3 in 2013. I do want to reiterate the performance goals that we are committed to achieving by 2017 through the execution of our enterprise strategy, and those are: organic growth at 200-plus basis points above global industrial production, operating margins of 20%-plus, returns on invested capital of 20%-plus and free cash flow conversion of at least 100% of net income. Simply put, we have 2 objectives for 2013: one is to run our businesses and execute at a high level in the context of the realities of the economic environment and two is to drive solid progress and momentum in the execution of our enterprise strategy across the company. We are confident that through our enterprise strategy, we are taking the steps necessary to position the company to generate maximum performance leverage and impact from a very unique and robust set of core capabilities, and that our strategy will result in highly differentiated operating performance in the years ahead. Now let me turn the call over to Ron.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I don't think -- we've changed our organic assumption around welding. Again 4% to 6%, could it be at the lower end? Possibly. I think that as it relates to China, clearly, we're going through a transition. We've been going through a transition on the shipbuilding side. It will -- I think it will continue to be -- it will continue to impact some of our results, but we should probably by the end of the year, second quarter, things should start to get better for us in China.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, this is a business where we obviously have sort of forward visibility. One of the few where we have some pretty significant forward visibility because we are engineering and specifying in new content on models that are 2 or 3 years away from production. So I think this is a pretty solid story for us for a while to come.
E. Scott Santi: Who are now building cars that are at a much higher level of technical sophistication than they were even 2 or 3 years ago, which certainly helps us in terms of being able to deliver solutions to them that they now need.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think what we are seeing for the first time in this sort of extended recovery, if you want to call it that, is we're starting to see, I think, some real consistent alignment in terms of the overall market metrics that we're looking at across a number of different sources. So I think we are in a stage now where we're starting to build some momentum, and I think the -- in terms of how all this plays out, my view is it's still going to be spiky. It's still going to be -- it's still a high level of foreclosure activity. There are still some, what would you call it, some of the excesses of the prior market issues there are -- that still have to be dealt with as we go through this. But in general, I think we're at a point now, where we're going to start to see some solid year-on-year improvement, and that's going to play out for, as it gets going, for a number of years.
E. Scott Santi: Yes. It's a good question. I don't -- I think from an overall channel standpoint, I think the market structure has remained largely intact. I think one of the interesting things that's starting to crop up that certainly is going to have an effect is the issue of shortage of skilled trade labor. We're starting to see now some shortages in terms of various construction trades because a lot of people that used to do that for a living has now -- have now gone out and found other things to do, as this market has been in such a declined state for a while, and so I think we'll see how that ultimately -- it's probably the biggest concern on our radar in terms of macro fundamentals here.
E. Scott Santi: Yes. I think the budget issues continue going into '13 for those sectors, and that's sort of one of our -- one of the realities of our position, as we've got some real strength in the institutional space, that both in Europe and in North America are obviously dealing with some fiscal pressures and other things. We have been very focused on growing earnings through margin improvement in that business and also focusing on the service part of the business, as I think John talked about earlier, had some nice growth there. So I think that story remains intact for us in 2013.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think it's one that we certainly need to up our penetration in more of the fast-food, fast-casual arena than -- where we said we have a nice position there, but certainly not one that is reflective of, on a relative basis, the overall potential. So whether it's organic or acquisition or some combination thereof, I think we have some -- assume some -- it's been part of our strategy for the last 18 months or so to really position ourselves to have a bigger piece of that part of the market.
E. Scott Santi: Yes. John, it basically is coming from the fact that as this BSS, business structure simplification, initiative continues to get sort of developed and executed around the company, our plans for '13 have become much more crisp and clear around what we need to do there. And so essentially, it's about this initiative really accelerating from an execution standpoint for '13.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I talked about -- as part of my opening comments, the real priorities from my standpoint are pretty simple, which is, we have to execute with excellence in terms of how we run our businesses every day in the context of whatever the realities of the economic environment are. And we are in the process of sort of executing enterprise strategy that we've spent 2 years developing here. So from the standpoint of my time and the management's team and our -- management team's time and our priorities, that's where it resides. So we are in execution mode in a big way in 2013 on our enterprise strategy.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think those plans are pretty far advanced in terms of all the planning around business structure simplification and -- in Europe. I think the -- I wouldn't characterize the benefits to the company as disproportionate to Europe. I think Europe is a big part of it. But ultimately, from the standpoint of -- you know, this is not necessarily economic in its -- sort of motivation. This is about structuring the company in a way where we can leverage scale and yet maintain our decentralized operating model. So this is a global initiative. We're applying this in both North America and in Europe. And certainly, the economic environment in Europe has an added element to it. But by and large, the processes are very similar in North America and Europe. The execution is a little more challenging in Europe, as I'm sure you well know, given just some of the realities there but doesn't in any way take away from the potential benefits for the company in the end.
E. Scott Santi: It is related to SOPUS. It was related to -- how do I want to describe it? I think, ultimately, a pricing situation that we weren't comfortable pursuing from a profitability standpoint. And from an overall 2013 impact, it certainly had some impact from a revenue standpoint. But from a -- we've got -- have had some strong margin improvement momentum within the -- what's now our aftermarket platform, and we expect that to continue in '13, with or without the revenue that we just talked about.
E. Scott Santi: I think what I would say is, from my standpoint, Joel, for 2013 -- not a big focus for us. We've got a lot of things to get implemented and executed. We will certainly take a look at good opportunities as they come to us. And so we're certainly not ruling acquisitions out. But from an overall priority and focus standpoint for 2013, probably not high up on the priority list. That being said, we had about $500 million of acquired revenues in '12, maybe something close to that, maybe something less.
Ronald D. Kropp: Okay. So I'll start with the EPS for 2013. As we've laid out in the slide, there's a $0.41 increase related to the base business, which is where the benefits from the sourcing and business structure simplification initiatives are. That -- so that's based on the 2% base growth as the midpoint of our range. And about half of that benefit, including the negative $0.05 in restructuring, relates to the initiatives. The other half relates to growth and getting operating leverage from that growth.
Ronald D. Kropp: On the restructuring side, when we had talked in New York, we had thought it'd be flat year-over-year, which was still a significant increase over 2011. As we finalized our 2013 plans and look specifically at our 2013 initiatives around business structure simplification, we got some more specificity around exactly what we need to do during 2013, so we increased the $30 million. It's all related to business structure simplification.
Ronald D. Kropp: And I will point out overall in welding, we had a very strong first quarter last year, almost 20% year-on-year growth, so we have a tough comp in the first quarter, but it gets a little bit easier as we move through the year.
Ronald D. Kropp: So in the Power Systems segment, the inventory reval was negative 70 basis points on margin. So the other pieces [ph] of the margin, certainly as we talked about, there's the pension and benefit costs that we record here at corporate that got spread to all the segments; that had an impact of about 100 basis points. On the plus side, price cost was favorable, 80 to 90, and overhead was up a little bit.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. We -- it's mostly pension- and benefit-related cost. The biggest piece of that is additional costs related to the passing of our CEO, David Speer, during the quarter, where we had some acceleration of pension and equity costs related to that.
Ronald D. Kropp: And we were down in more than industrial production in the fourth quarter, but a lot of that was due to some comps and hedge buys in the prior year. So if you can strip that out, we're really close to flat in the fourth quarter, and that's what we're seeing going forward here.
Ronald D. Kropp: So the $130 million is really being driven by business structure simplification initiative. As we talked about in New York, 2012, 2013 are going to be strong years for restructuring around business structure simplification, and we'd expect that to moderate a bit in 2014, probably not back to normal levels, which are $60 million, $70 million until 2015. But I would say 2013, we'd expect to be a peak. And it's really spread out throughout the year and throughout the company as the business structure simplification is really an initiative company-wide.
Ronald D. Kropp: Well, I think the biggest piece of that remaining amount that I didn't talk about earlier is, there's a 50 basis point hit related to restructuring in that segment, which is really more focused on the electronics business versus welding. So we don't see any significant difference in margins between -- in the product mix area coming through this quarter.
Ronald D. Kropp: No, and I think we've got the R&D tax credit baked in at both years. I think the -- our normal run rate for our tax rate has been 29%. It ticked up a little bit in the fourth quarter, which got us the 30.4% for the year, but we'd expect our normal run rate, similar to what it was in the earlier quarters of 2012, to be 29%. So no significant change in our tax profile.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. We're not going to predict '14 tax rate at this point, but that's certainly a reasonable assumption.
Ronald D. Kropp: It's really across most segments. And as we said, these enterprise initiatives are touching all the segments, and that's certainly been a large part of the margin improvement.
Ronald D. Kropp: So what it is, is certainly, we do look at our inventory costing as we move through the year on a quarterly basis. But generally as we move into -- through the end of the year, there's a normal process of looking at our standard cost based on current cost, as well as going forward. And if you look at where the impact of that standard to standard, it's really in the businesses that use steel as a primary raw material input. So it's automotive. It's Power Systems. It's Construction. So as you know, steel has been going down all year, so it's really -- you really had to catch up in some of the adds that we recorded in the fourth quarter.
Ronald D. Kropp: That's a good question, and it's something that we certainly are focused on. The way the tax policy works now, it would be significantly expensive to bring that back to the U.S. But certainly, we could do that, if we needed to do that. Right now, what we've been doing is using that cash for overseas investment. So we've had a lot of growth in Asia and China, for instance, through greenfield builds; in Brazil, through acquisitions. So that's certainly where we're using that overseas cash. But where we're at now and especially given all the discussions around U.S. tax policy, right now, there's no plans to bring any of that back until all that gets sorted out. And certainly, we'll evaluate that as the tax policy gets finalized.
John L. Brooklier: Yes. I think that's a fair assumption. I mean, if you saw our performance in Q4, up 3%, 4%, largely driven by oil and gas. You saw the report coming out of CAT. So I don't think this is any big news to anybody that their order rates have slowed somewhat. And they're being impacted by some of the global environment, too. So I would expect oil and gas to be a clear contributor to welding in 2013.
John L. Brooklier: Yes. But I would caution, Rob, as we look at this longer term, I think we -- if you're looking at sort of average penetration numbers, in aggregate, I think we're probably looking at outperformance on a global base, probably 4% to 5%. Now you're going to see some numbers on a quarterly basis that are probably above that. But long term, it's probably more like in the 4% to 5% range.
John L. Brooklier: Yes. I mean, we have -- we've had dramatic overperformance in China. If you look in the last quarter, we were up, as you said, 28% organically, and builds were only up 7% or 8%. So I think it's really fundamentally focusing on those key OEMs, Chery, Brilliance and the like. That's the future of China, and their build continues to be -- while that continues to be strong, our overall performance continues to be very much targeted around our ability to serve those local OEMs that are going to contribute to growth longer-term.
John L. Brooklier: Again, I go back to my comment around that I think it -- largely reflecting industrial production metrics, either in North America or in Europe. So the European business is slower, the North American business is a little bit better. Now, we do have disparate pieces of that business around strapping, around protective packaging and around stretch that all have sort of different growth metrics right now. And quarter-to-quarter, those can change based on sort of discrete demand from specific end markets or customers. But I would say in aggregate, what we're seeing there is not dissimilar than what we're seeing from a sort of a total industrial production demand level.
John L. Brooklier: Well, if you remember, when we presented this in New York, we did present it in the context of the new segments. So the segments that have higher-than-average growth in that were automotive OEM, which we've talked about, and welding. Those are the 2 bigger segments that are driving the higher growth.
John L. Brooklier: Well, part of it relates to the portfolio mix, so we are -- we have businesses inside the company today, a number of them, significant ones that are -- have historically performed over the last 5 years at that level or above. We have some others that have, given the sort of characteristics of their markets, been working the other way. So some of the sort of aggregate performance of the enterprise is a function of how we're going to shape the portfolio over the next couple of years. And I think as a result of that, a higher growth portfolio is going to yield us the overall metric that we're talking about. So yes...
John L. Brooklier: Thanks, everybody, for joining us on today's call. I know it's a busy day for everyone. I look forward -- we look forward to hearing from you again, and I'll be talking to a number of you later in the day. Have a good day.
John G. Inch: So the elevated restructuring in '13 versus '12, I apologize if you said this, but again, where are you taking these actions? Do you expect the costs to kind of be relatively linearly spent? And is this a new run rate given sort of simplification? Or -- we do expect, from what we know, '14 to kind of revert back to the $100 million.
John G. Inch: So -- I'm sorry. So okay, it sounds like $100 million for '14 is a reasonable midpoint between what you just said for '15 and what you're spending in '13. Where are you -- where have you sort of opportunistically, if you want to think about in that context or whatever, found incremental restructuring opportunities? Is it -- are you just sort of accelerating your process? Or as you're arrived at the new [ph] process and you're saying, "Oh, we can be doing more of this or that"? Or -- a little more color would be great.
John G. Inch: I'm assuming a disproportionate amount of this is going to be focused on Europe, just based on continued market malaise, your big company in Europe. I mean, I'm just -- I'm assuming that you're going to be spending more time physically in Europe with your European managers figuring out how to drive incremental productivity and so forth.
John G. Inch: I guess I was also thinking from the potential of the profit improvement. I'm assuming that you would probably have more European margin improvement opportunity than you would in other parts of the company. Maybe that's not a fair statement.
