Ronald D. Kropp: Thanks, John. As a reminder, our 2012 comparisons exclude the operating results of the former Decorative Surfaces segment as well as the fourth quarter 2012 gain on divestiture and equity interest. For the full year 2013, our forecasted EPS range for continuing operations is $4.10 to $4.30. This range assumes a total revenue increase of 0.5% to 2.5% versus an adjusted 2012. This range is slightly lower than our April forecast as we now anticipate organic revenue growth of negative 1% to plus 1% for the year. Additionally, we expect our full year operating margins to be in a range of 16.9% to 17.3% versus 2012 margins of 16.3%. Our midpoint of $4.20 would be 14% higher than the 2012 adjusted EPS of $3.70. The full year EPS midpoint of $4.20 is down $0.05 from our prior forecast due to the $0.05 pension settlement charge from this quarter. As Scott mentioned, we have kept our second half operating forecast the same. Despite the uneven end market environment for some of our segments, we remain confident that our enterprise initiatives and strong overhead management will help deliver our bottom line. For the third quarter of 2013, we are forecasting diluted income per share for continuing operations to be in the range of $1.06 to $1.16, which assumes a total revenue growth of 3% to 5%. The midpoint of the Q3 diluted EPS range of $1.11 would be a 9% increase versus the 2012 pro forma EPS of $1.02. I'll now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
Ronald D. Kropp: No, so the current guidance, the midpoint is $4.20. The prior guidance was $4.25. So the only real change to the EPS guidance was the $0.05 charge that we recognized in the second quarter.
Ronald D. Kropp: So as we said, the enterprise initiatives had a 60-basis-point benefit in the second quarter. And as we continue to do simplification activities and additional sourcing, we'll continue to see that ramp up not just next quarter but as we move through the next year or 2. So I would expect a bigger impact in the third quarter than the second quarter.
Ronald D. Kropp: It was a little bit of everything. Price/cost had a benefit of about 70 basis points. Enterprise initiatives had about 40. We just said we saw overall better variable margins exclusive of price/cost of 90, better overhead control of 30.
Ronald D. Kropp: So if you look at the margins, in the second half, they're about at the run rate as they were in the second quarter if you back out the pension charge. So without the pension charge of 17.4%, back half margins are in that range for the rest of the year. The prior year margins, while we did have a very strong margin third quarter, primarily due to some corporate adjustments, favorable corporate adjustments -- it was 17.5% last year -- fourth quarter was 14.9%. So we are overall improving quite a bit in the second half, and a lot of that improvement is coming from enterprise initiatives.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, I mean, certainly, in the fourth quarter, 14.9% versus 17% plus is a pretty significant margin improvement. The other element of this is, as we saw in the second quarter, we're expecting a higher restructuring spend year-over-year. So even with that higher restructuring spend, we're seeing significant margin improvement.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, so I think here's the way I would look at it. The revenue forecast is down from where we were before. The margins are basically the same. So that means we are taking additional cost out to basically hold the income contribution from base. So that's the $0.32 in the bridge from base. From a share repurchase perspective, although we've increased the total for the year because most of that'll come in the back half of the year in the fourth quarter, it'll have very little impact. So it didn't really have a EPS impact in the current year. Certainly, it will going forward.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, certainly, as we talked about earlier, it is accelerating. So it's a little bit higher than what we talked about last time, probably in the $0.20 range.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes. Yes, as I said earlier, we did increase it $150 million, but that's all going to fall in the fourth quarter, and it's going to have very little impact and really no EPS impact in the current year. So what's happening on the margins is, normally when revenues come down, you'd expect there'd-- everything else being equal, there'd be a deterioration in margins. And so we're holding our margins the same. That's how we're getting basically to the same EPS.
Ronald D. Kropp: We're seeing some increase but not as much. So probably in the $20 million in the second half above last year.
John L. Brooklier: Thanks, Ron. We'll now open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] We're ready for the first question.
John L. Brooklier: Yes. And I would just also add that if you look on from a car build perspective in the second half, we don't expect big movement or big changes in car build projections, which have been reasonably good around the world.
John L. Brooklier: Well, I would say that if you look at the commercial construction numbers, particular in North America, I think they're roughly in line with what we're seeing with Dodge construction data, which is measured on a square footage basis. I don't think there's any disconnect there on the commercial side. Commercial has been much slower to recover. I think from the last set of numbers, we saw commercial was down roughly 1 or 2 points. So I think our numbers are roughly in line with those. So I don't think it's a penetration issue at all. I think it's just the market itself has been slower to recover as it tries to recover in line with what's going on, on the housing side.
John L. Brooklier: And I would just like to take you back to what I said earlier, Andy, when we talked about the commercial construction piece being the best piece for us in North America. If you think about that, that tends to be sort of a smaller equipment investment around smaller manufacturers and other related buyers. So I think that the dichotomy between the 2, between the heavy industrial side or the heavy equipment manufacturers and that, is sort of representative of what's going on in Welding right now. I don't think we see -- we're not projecting any further significant declines at this point in time.
John L. Brooklier: By example, if you look at what we've acquired thus far this year, I mean, they fall under the areas such as Food Equipment in China. We've also done deals in Welding in Europe, and we've also done, I believe, a couple of deals on the consumer packaging side. So very much targeted to the areas we've talked about that we think have big potential for differentiation and longer-term growth.
John L. Brooklier: I think it's really -- I think what we tend to do is we tend to hold at second quarter. It's much harder to forecast on a 3- to 6-month basis where things are going to be, so we're basically holding it where we essentially ended the quarter. I don't think we've carved it out per segment, but I don't think they'd be radically different than some of the segments we've talked about today per Q2. Industrial Packaging, Polymers & Fluids would probably be the primary examples there.
John L. Brooklier: Price increase went into effect, I believe, 1st of April. Yes, April of this year. I wouldn't -- I don't -- I'm not -- I don't have knowledge of any additional price increases at this point in time.
John L. Brooklier: Yes. We're going to end it there at the top of the hour. We thank everybody for joining us on today's call, and we look forward to talking to you later. Have a good day. Thank you.
E. Scott Santi: What I would say, Ajay, is quote activity remains good in the T&M space. Electronics is still fairly weak. The color in the T&M space is the quote activity remains fairly robust. But there is in the short run some level of, let's say, hesitation in terms of actually customers converting those quotations to actual orders. But our expectations are things continue to move forward at an okay pace, and hopefully, accelerate a little bit as we move through the year. I think I don't need -- the electronic side, I think we're expecting the year to be pretty tough all the way around.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think we're very well positioned there. It's the one part of our business where we have a fairly strong level of forward visibility in that we are selling new content on new models of cars as they are engineered and developed. So we are set up there for a pretty nice run over the next several years based on programs that we know we have that will be on new models moving into the market. So I think we're very comfortable through the balance of the year for -- that we'll have continued strong performance there and into '14 and '15 as well.
E. Scott Santi: Okay. On the Industrial Packaging side, in terms of international revenue, the big contributions on the plus side came out of India and China. Europe was still down modestly year-on-year in the quarter. And in terms of the capital spending environment in Q2, I -- what I would say is I think things were relatively sluggish throughout the quarter as -- and you talked about the segments that were affected. Food Equipment actually stayed pretty strong through the quarter. But certainly, in Welding, relative to what we saw towards the back half of Q1, things certainly moderated in Q2, and likewise, in the Test & Measurement arena as well. So there was no sort of fall-off-the-cliff in the second quarter. We do have an element of seasonality that's baked into our planning between Q1 and Q2. That's pretty normal. And what I would say is we just didn't see as much acceleration in Q2 as we normally would seasonally. But all 3 of those businesses were up sequentially in second quarter versus Q1. So it wasn't a big deceleration. It was just a lack of -- maybe the best way to describe it is things didn't ramp at the same rate as we would normally expect in Q2.
E. Scott Santi: And just to add to that, as you may recall, the impact from initiatives was 40 basis points in Q1. We got to 60 in Q2, and I think that's not an infinite slope in that line. But certainly over the next 6 or 8 quarters, we would expect to just continue to see further progress on that front.
E. Scott Santi: We didn't see any improvement. I would say, dimensionally, the heavy equipment sector was softer in Q2 relative to oil and gas. I think in both areas, particularly on the capital of the equipment side, what we saw was certainly more continued tentativeness there around new equipment purchases. But probably, the heavy equipment's end market is softer than the oil and gas in the quarter.
E. Scott Santi: I think we have relatively high degree of confidence that Europe has bottomed. Certain pockets have gotten a little bit better. I don't think we've seen anything that's gotten demonstrably worse. So I think it's a bottom. The question is, how long will the bottom take place? We're clearly not calling for big recovery in Europe, but I think that it's positive for us and other companies that Europe is showing signs of stability at the bottom. So we'll continue to ramp up probably good numbers from our Auto business, and then we'll keep track of what's going on in our businesses and obviously update you on a quarter-to-quarter basis.
E. Scott Santi: I would say probably more in line with comps. One of the things about Europe, obviously, is that you start to comp these numbers, and comps are going to help your comparison numbers. But I'd say Construction in general is probably where we would've expected it to be.
E. Scott Santi: And the part of that would be mix and the strong performance out of the service business in both Europe and North America.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think a core strategy, without necessarily getting into specific products on specific platforms, is that we have very much -- the Automotive business is globalizing, so we very much are focused on sort of major global OEMs and our ability to ultimately invest in innovation and new product development in opportunities that have sort of major potential to expand both from the standpoint of different OEMs and also on a global basis. The story in China right now is a function of the fact that the quality of cars that they're building in China more and more has reached the point where the kind of solutions that we offer are things that they need. So as the overall standards of the quality and features that they are starting to put in the cars in China is certainly creating more and more opportunities for us to bring content that we've already engineered in North America or Europe into the China market.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, so in 2 quarters, we're done with the BSS, which have -- I'm going to give you sort of a -- try to give you a flavor without -- not having a lot of sort of authoritative facts behind this. But what I would say is we're at best 15% of the way through BSS in terms of the kind of moves that we have on the board and the things that we're going to do. We're getting what I would describe as some very consequential but low-hanging fruit benefits at this stage, but this has probably got another 2 to 3 years to run on BSS. And likewise, on sourcing, as we've talked before, we are at the early stages. I think I'm very pleased with our progress in '13 on sourcing, but ultimately have some -- the big benefits still ahead of us in terms of '14, '15, '16.
E. Scott Santi: On a relative basis, but I wouldn't discount the BSS in terms of continuing impacts for the next -- for '14, '15 and some of '16.
E. Scott Santi: I think the major thrust within Food Equipment is innovation-based organic growth. We will certainly continue to look at M&A opportunities as they arise, like we did in China. And I think we're very enthusiastic about how that business fits strategically with our growth plans and opportunities in China. But I would say the major thrust going forward for us in Food Equipment is to continue to build a much stronger organic-growing business through an accelerated rate of innovation there.
E. Scott Santi: I wouldn't say it would be concentrated in Food Equipment. I think what we have said as part of our enterprise strategy overall is that this company, our focus is on really building a much more robust, organic front-end engine as our primary growth thrust and that we will certainly supplement that ramp with good strategic acquisitions as those opportunities arise. But ultimately, those opportunities may arise in any one of the operating segments that we're in today. But ultimately, that's not the front end in terms of really how we think about and how we're focused on driving growth going forward.
E. Scott Santi: Right. Highly differentiated technologies in end markets that we are -- that we know and understand very well.
E. Scott Santi: Our thoughts today would be, no. I think we'll obviously -- yes, we're very focused on this. The Welding business is a business that's been a very strong organic growth for us across a very long period. Our expectations are going forward that, that will continue to be at the high end of our overall organic growth performance in terms of our portfolio. I think given that the market positions that we have in areas like equipment space, I think our view is what we said before, that Q2 was really more of a demand issue in certain key end markets like heavy equipment and oil and gas.
E. Scott Santi: I don't think it was geographic, John. I think it was really around, again, the 3 segments that we talked about. Industrial Packaging was much softer than we expected. Welding was a little softer, as were Polymers & Fluids in North America.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think this is -- most of what this -- the concentration of spend right now is really around supporting our business structure simplification initiative where we've talked about building scale from the bottom up in our structure and ultimately a landing spot of 105 or so much larger, much more globally competitive divisions. So I think the activity is concentrated there. We are -- I talked about this a little bit on the last call, but I think from the standpoint of the strategic benefits around this and the operating cost benefits, our management team is very motivated, very much behind this initiative, lots of opportunity to both position ourselves to be much more competitive on a global basis to accelerate organic growth and at the same time drive some pretty consequential overall structural cost savings. So I don't -- it's not -- I don't know how to characterize it in terms of any difference. I think it's not dissimilar from restructuring that we would do when we acquired new businesses. So I don't -- I guess, I don't know how to fully answer your question other than...
E. Scott Santi: No, I would say we absolutely have been tackling facilities, plant consolidations as part of this activity, absolutely.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, absolutely. I think the way I would characterize it in terms of how much we probably want to say about it is what we -- I think the combination of that business with our business has great benefits both ways. It has -- it's a business that operates at a scale well above what we operated at in China up to this point. So what comes with it is a manufacturing footprint and a local R&D capability that is certainly a big step-up in terms of scale. There's some strong differentiation in the product lines that we acquired. We certainly feel both through our existing -- technologies that exist in our existing product lines that we're going to be able to supplement their product portfolio. And likewise, from the standpoint of service capability, big footprint there already, something that in terms of some of the knowledge and know-how we might bring and might learn from them in return. Some really nice benefits both from us to them and them to us in this.
E. Scott Santi: Sure. I would absolutely tell you that we are thinking a lot about the cyclicality issues in electronics. I think at its core, what I would say is, I think we've been very selective about the pieces of the electronic markets that we choose to play in. I think we, in particular, we like a couple of spots where we are in terms of, again, some of those sort of value-creation attributes of those spaces. There are some spaces that are relatively under-attended in our view in a market that on a long-term basis, the sentimentals are that they're going to grow and grow quite a bit. We make good money. This is -- it's a space where ITW in the aggregate, where we -- it certainly is accretive to our overall margin and return goals, even on the dips. And I think margins in electronic space, even on a big decline year-on-year, we're still in the high-teens for us. So I think we're -- I guess, what I would say, Deane, is I think there are some things there that remain interesting for us on a long-term basis. But I also think we have to understand how to manage in that space in a way where it's less of an outlier in certain instances.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I -- what I would say is worth commenting on there, is I think the strategy today for us in the Automotive is very different than some of those prior cycles that you referenced, and the growth engine here is -- today is all about sort of proprietary, solution-based, new content. So we're not at the end of RFQs. As a supplier, we are really focused in on high value, solving sort of big pain point issues for Auto OEM. So from the standpoint of -- we've talked about this before, overall content in North America in the mid-$60 a car range today; Europe around $50; and Asia at $20. On an overall, average material cost in a car is, let's say, $15,000. Is there another $30 or $40 we can find a really innovative important solutions for our customers over time? We have a lot of conviction about that opportunity being out there. So from a sustainability standpoint, the strategy today is very different, much more tightly focused on the kinds of the things I talked about. And so I think both as I try to dimension the overall size of the opportunity and the uniqueness of our strategy -- and by the way, we're pretty uniquely positioned as the only company out there that can deliver these solutions on a global basis. So I think we've got again a very different strategy and a lot of conviction about our ability to sustain some pretty strong outperformance here for some time to come.
E. Scott Santi: Well, in the end, to say we don't would probably not be accurate. But in the end, it's all about the value of the solution. And we're not -- again, we're not in big dollar spaces. We're I think in general, that our OEMs -- our customers appreciate the value that we deliver, which is we help them solve, again, sort of big problems that they have in ways that ultimately make them more money and help them be more effective as businesses. So in the end, it's really about -- we're going to get paid if we do our job.
John G. Inch: Okay. Scott, the North American result is kind of a point of a differential growth that you called out. Was any of this attributable to Canada? The Canadian economy hasn't been particularly great lately. I'm just wondering if that's perhaps part of some of the mix of slightly softer revenue there.
John G. Inch: Yes, okay. And then just lastly, on restructuring, obviously, with enterprise initiatives, the nature of your restructuring and sort of the approach and so forth is different than what sort of legacy ITW would have pursued in terms of its restructuring. Can you talk about that a little bit, Scott, in the context of your initiatives? Are you finding restructuring -- maybe just a little more color? Are you finding restructuring somewhat more challenging, easier? Has it been -- have you picked off a lot of the low-hanging fruit? Or just anything that might give us a sense of sort of the approach and the paybacks, just something that might help us take a look at this.
John G. Inch: Well, it's mostly also -- I'm assuming then people and overhead hasn't really -- you have been tackling plants or...
