E. Scott Santi: Thanks, John, and good morning, everyone. In the quarter, organic growth came in about 100 basis points below what we expected heading into the quarter, largely due to sluggish demand in the capital equipment components of our product portfolio, particularly earlier in the quarter. While equipment sales were down 6% in the quarter, consumable revenue at down 1% largely came in, in line with our expectations. We did see noticeable improvement in demand rates for equipment products on both a sequential basis and in comparison to the prior year as we moved through the quarter, particularly in March. Daily revenue rates for equipment products were up 13% in March versus the average for the quarter overall. Despite some top line challenges, our profitability performance was very solid in Q1. We delivered above forecast operating EPS of $0.96, and operating margins came in at 16.5%, 60 basis points higher than the year ago quarter. This operating margin improvement was due to a combination of strong tactical cost management from our operating leadership and the early-stage benefits from our portfolio management, business structure simplification and strategic sourcing initiatives. Benefits from these initiatives contributed 40 basis points to overall margin performance in the quarter. We continued to make good progress in our 3 enterprise initiatives in the quarter. With regard to portfolio management, we announced the strategic review of our Industrial Packaging segment earlier in the quarter. In addition, we've moved more than $600 million of noncore revenues to discontinued operations. With these 2 moves, we have largely completed the process of identifying the core businesses that will constitute our faster growing and more profitable portfolio moving forward. With regard to business structure simplification, we continued to drive alignment and execution across the organization in the quarter. During the quarter, I visited a number of our newly scaled-up businesses; and in each case, I was extremely impressed with both the level of progress made and the level of enthusiasm for and commitment to this initiative by our on-the-ground operating leadership. We came away from these interactions even more convinced that the strategic and operational benefits associated with simplifying and scaling up our divisional operating structure will be considerable over the medium and long term for the company. As to strategic sourcing, we continued to resource the initiative and drive implementation. We hired a Chief Procurement Officer earlier in the quarter, and her early view is much like ours, that the potential to better leverage our direct and indirect spend is both considerable and achievable. A number of category-specific strategic sourcing initiatives and programs are actively being worked and executed across the company. Finally, let me reiterate our 2017 enterprise financial performance goals, and those are: Organic growth of 200 basis points above global industrial production, operating margins pretax of 20% plus and after-tax returns on invested capital also at 20% plus. Overall, we've made good progress towards these goals in a pretty challenging environment in Q1. More to come. Now, let me turn the call back over to Ron.
E. Scott Santi: The primary businesses that we're talking about in the equipment space would be Test & Measurement, welding, Food Equipments. In terms of regional color, I think there's no question that Europe remains much tougher. So in terms of the improvement through the quarter, there's no question that it was certainly more tilted towards North America.
E. Scott Santi: It is a little early. Certainly, based on everything we're hearing, we remain on track relative to our plan.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think I'll take those in sort of reverse order. I think from a commercial construction standpoint, obviously, there's been -- the environment there, overall, has been pretty sluggish for some time. Our expectations are for some sort of reasonable sequential improvement, perhaps later in the year. But that's going to be very much predicated on how the overall economy progresses from here. And on the resi side, I think we're still in the mode of sort of lagging the start recovery just from the standpoint of when we participate. And also there's some sort of differences on a regional basis with where some of the hotter sectors are relative to our positions. But overall, we expect this business to continue to improve in terms of our overall organic rates given the trends that we're seeing and housing starts continue.
E. Scott Santi: So on the operating leverage question, if you remember, we talked about, as you said, half of the benefit in the original plan was related to initiatives. What's happened since is we've brought down our base revenue forecast. So as a result, the income from our base businesses from our normal operations has gone down, but our initiatives are largely on track. So the initiative benefits are now a bigger portion of the overall base income increase.
E. Scott Santi: I think the big move is obviously the 600 plus down to 150 to 120. I think the sort of change between 150 and 120 is not so much a function of sort of scale, but more from the standpoint of the planning and execution within the businesses as we actually start to work this initiative. The 120 is just the place that we're landing, not as a target, but as the place that makes the most sense from the standpoint of the markets that we serve and how we want to structure ourselves to best operate and execute in those markets.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think it's a little early in the process, but I would say that all options are certainly on the table. And it's a process that we will certainly focus on and work our way through as we go through the year and get some better definition around the actual structure of how that's going to all take place. I'm talking about the Industrial Packaging divestiture. But it's an active discussion with our board and with our management team, and it will continue to be so. And we will update our shareholders at the appropriate time.
E. Scott Santi: Well, we talked about it in -- from the outset, the sort of primary strategic driver was really around the whole issue of sort of level of differentiation that resides in the businesses, to really focus the company on areas that could fully maximize the benefits of the ITW business model. And one of the key elements of that is the ability to operate in spaces where we can innovate. And we talked about from the get-go that, ultimately, as a result of the implementation of this portfolio strategy, that roughly 25% of the company's revenues, as we started the process, were ultimately under some review related to that. So at the front end, we had a pretty good sense of the issues, where some of the issues were around sort of executing this strategy. We took the last -- we've been working on this for a couple of years, and we've spent a lot of time really looking deeply at each of those businesses and understanding what the options were long term. And ultimately, with the things that we've announced and/or executed on already, we're coming out at about 26% of revenue. So ended up right where we communicated we would be at the beginning. I'm not sure that I can sort of comment on what you were thinking relative to what we were thinking, but this is not early or late. This is pretty much in line with our game plan around executing this.
E. Scott Santi: No, I wouldn't say we're passing. What I would repeat is what I said at the last quarterly call, which is that acquisitions are not a priority for us this year, given the sort of multitude of initiatives that we are executing. That does not mean that we wouldn't look very seriously at something that was a really strong fit and a great opportunity, but ultimately, from a standpoint of how much time we're spending looking at acquisitions, it is a lower priority this year.
E. Scott Santi: I can't give you any -- a lot more depth other than the fact that it was sort of very clear to us in January and the early part of February that overall capital spending was -- started the year very sluggish and that we saw some pretty nice improvement across all the parts of the business, the capital goods-related product portfolio of the business as we moved into March. So I can't tell you whether it was sort of fiscal cliff concerns, or there's a whole multitude of things. But the overall environment that we saw was a lot of hesitation on capital-related spending early in the year, and that seems to be moderating quite a bit as we got later into the quarter across all 3 businesses.
E. Scott Santi: I think we're seeing a pretty good environment. If you think about where interest rates are, it's certainly a good environment, especially for the sponsor side of the buyer universe. And that's where we've gotten a lot of interest from some of the assets we have currently held for sale.
E. Scott Santi: So as we announced in February, what we're doing is a strategic review of the Industrial Packaging business. So there's been no formal decision to divest it via sale, spin or whatever. So that's currently what we're working through internally within the company and at the board level. And once we get to a decision on the path, that'll be announced, and we'll work through that across the appropriate timing. I wouldn't expect it to be sold or spun off or anything to happen in 2013. It's probably likely a 2014 event if something does happen. From a proceeds perspective, you're correct, about 1/2 the business is overseas, although a lot of the intellectual property is owned in the U.S. So part of the process we're going through is evaluating how much of the proceeds would be in the U.S., how much would be available for share repurchase if it was a sale process. So that's one of the things that we're looking at currently. But likely greater than 50% would be in the U.S.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think it's -- some of it's miles driven, some of it's weather related. I think one of the bigger things we pointed out when we talked about the auto aftermarket was the loss of a key customer in one of the bigger retail outlets. So that certainly carries over quarter-to-quarter as we compare year-over-year. But I would tell you it's sort of the market itself is, in North America, is doing -- it's probably -- certainly it's not robust. Maybe growing. If it's growing, it's growing at a very, very, very low level. On the European side, that's probably the reverse of that where it's probably negative market activity.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, our plan for Construction is that we will get to ITW level margins there within 2 years. And that will be a combination of enterprise initiatives, but probably much more weighted to things going on in the business right now. The overall color is, I think, we've been sort of structuring the business to participate in the recovery and have been kind of hanging in there with a cost structure that was much more relevant to conditions 5 years ago. And as things -- the recovery was delayed, things didn't necessarily play out into the sort of normal recovery scenario. We were just, we just took too long to sort of readjust our thinking and our cost structure. And we've got a really aggressive management team in there now, we're getting after it. This business has, absolutely has the potential to perform at or above our expectations for the overall enterprise. And some nice improvement as a starting point. We've got a long way to go to get there, but we are absolutely committed, and we have no doubt that this -- that the Construction business can perform at a level that's accretive to the overall company.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think as I said, we're working through the decision, right? So we can't really disclose what we expect the timing to be at this point, but we would expect it to be a decision, certainly by the end of the year. The discontinued ops reporting, it really depends on the outcome of the strategic review process. If it's a sale process, then there's certain criteria you have to meet, including actively marketing it for sale, before you could put into discontinued ops. But it would be -- it would go into discontinued ops in advance of the actual closing of the sale, unlike Decorative Surfaces. If it's a spinoff, then that doesn't go into discontinued ops until the date of the spin. It depends on the ultimate vehicle for divestment as far as discontinued ops reporting goes.
E. Scott Santi: Not necessarily. We're going to allocate capital, as Ron described, as part of his comments, which is ultimately, we're going to allocate capital between our 2 external options based on where the best risk-adjusted returns are. We're certainly not going to shy away from good acquisitions that really fit tightly with our core strategy and that fit the -- accelerate growth positions in our portfolio. But we're not also envisioning a day when we're acquiring 50 companies a year and adding 5% to 7% of our sales in acquired revenue every year.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think from our standpoint, the biggest challenges are really managing the pace of execution; that we've got across all of these initiatives, I think things that we are very committed to, very enthusiastic about, but at the same time, this is not a broken company. This is a company that's performed very well. These are initiatives to further improve an already strong company. So from the standpoint of the challenges that I and the rest of the management team, the thing we talk about more than anything is making sure that we've got a good plan, that, that plan is paced appropriately. We've got to deliver the bacon quarter by quarter. I think this is a good example of some pretty terrific execution in the environment, and at the same time, moving the needle and making progress on these initiatives. And we've got to have a good balance on both as we move through the process. So I think that's the challenge that we continue to focus on internally. As it relates to the initiatives and any surprises, I don't think we've had any. If anything, I think as the deeper we get into them, the more convinced we are that we are on the right path and that these initiatives are absolutely going to make a big difference in terms of the overall performance of the enterprise on a long-term basis. So I think that's where I'll leave it.
Ronald D. Kropp: Thanks, John. Before I provide the details on our Q2 and full year 2013 forecast, please note that the 2012 comparisons we will be using to measure our 2013 performance. As I mentioned earlier, we will be presenting our 2012 results on a pro forma basis, which excludes the 2012 operating results of the Decorative Surfaces business, as well as the fourth quarter 2012 gain on divestiture and equity interest. Our 2012 GAAP and pro forma results have also been restated for discontinued operations. Excluding the Decorative Surfaces items from our 2012 actual results, our Q2 2012 pro forma revenue was $4.2 billion with operating income of $710 million and diluted EPS from continuing operations of $1.02. Our pro forma 2012 full year revenue was $16.3 billion with operating income of nearly $2.7 billion. Our 2012 pro forma EPS was $3.70, which will be the 2012 baseline EPS we'll use as a comparison point to our 2013 forecast. Now, moving on to the 2013 guidance. For the full year 2013, our forecasted EPS range for continuing operations is $4.15 to $4.35. This range assumes a total revenue increase of 2% to 4% versus pro forma 2012. This revenue range is slightly lower than our January forecast, as we now anticipate organic revenue growth of 0% to 2% for the year. Additionally, we expect our full year operating margins to be in a range of 16.9% to 17.3% versus 2012 margins of 16.3%. The full year EPS midpoint of $4.25 is unchanged from our prior forecast and would be 15% higher than the 2012 pro forma EPS of $3.70. Our current forecast incorporates our performance in the first quarter and benefits from higher forecasted share repurchases, offset by lower expected organic revenue growth, as well as $0.07 of dilution from businesses that have been moved to discontinued operations. Key drivers of our year-over-year 15% EPS growth include the following: $0.32 from our base businesses, driven from organic growth, as well as the net benefits of our enterprise initiatives, primarily related to business structure simplification, with some sourcing benefits later in the year; the expected benefits from our initiatives to be more than half of our base business income growth. We now expect to see an $0.18 benefit from share repurchases, while shares we bought back in 2012 and our 2013 share repo forecast of, at least, $850 million. We expect our forecasted share buyback to offset the dilution we have from our discontinued operations. And lastly, we have a net $0.06 benefit from other items, including acquisitions, restructuring, nonoperating costs and a 2013 versus 2012 tax rate decline. For the second quarter of 2013, we are forecasting diluted income per share from continuing operations to be in a range of $1.04 to $1.12, which assumes a total revenue growth of 2.5% to 3.5%. Note that our second quarter forecast includes nearly $30 million of additional restructuring expense versus last year, which reduces our second quarter operating margin by 70 basis points and our second quarter EPS by $0.05 versus 2012. The midpoint of the Q2 diluted EPS range of $1.08 would be a 5.9% growth versus the 2012 pro forma EPS of $1.02. I will now turn it back over to John for the Q&A.
Ronald D. Kropp: And related to your question on Construction. Our understanding is that labor remains tight in the Construction market, and that it is still having some effect on the pace of the recovery.
Ronald D. Kropp: We originally gave you a number that was closer to 150 when we were in New York. The more current number that we have that we've been sharing with shareholders is really in the 110 to 120 range. I think that they're -- that number is fluid, and you'll probably see that number move. My sense is it's probably going to move down a little bit as opposed to move up.
Ronald D. Kropp: What I'd like to say is we saw a broad-based improvement in China, but I don't think that's necessarily the case. And clearly, most of our growth in China was driven by very, very robust over-performance on the auto OEM side. There were a few businesses that sequentially did a little bit better, but I would say that it's much more tied to what's going on, on the auto side than anything else.
Ronald D. Kropp: No, I don't think we saw anything decelerating, but I don't think -- we clearly saw big, big improvements out of our auto business. The rest of them were -- did okay, sequentially, a little bit better, but nothing dramatic.
Ronald D. Kropp: I think the arrow is pointing to better performance in China as move through the year. How much better remains to be seen.
Ronald D. Kropp: Yes, so our original forecast in January included these discontinued operations in the numbers because they were -- at that point, they were part of continuing operations. So one of the changes we've made here is we've pulled out these 6 businesses, and they have a $0.07 earnings for the year. So that comes out of the original forecast. So if our midpoint was $4.25, the adjusted forecast really becomes $4.18. And then we're adjusting for -- the first quarter out-performance was $0.06, including the onetime gain; another $0.06 positive from higher share repurchase; a negative $0.04 from lower base business revenues the rest of the year; and then a negative $0.01 for everything else, primarily translation, gets you back to the $4.25. So at the end of the day, what we've done is we've held our guidance at $4.25, even with $0.07 coming out for discontinued operations.
Ronald D. Kropp: For the full year forecast, the majority, about 30 basis points of the full year margin increase is related to removing the discontinued operations businesses, which have a 6% overall margin, from continuing moving into the discontinued.
Ronald D. Kropp: So in the nonoperating area for the quarter, there was a $0.06 benefit, $0.05 of that was this JV gain, and $0.01 is normal nonoperating kinds of things.
Ronald D. Kropp: And so in the guidance, that includes the 5 -- the majority of the change in the guidance for non-op is the first quarter non-op change.
Ronald D. Kropp: In fact, it's actually the opposite. The first quarter with -- because it's our lower revenue -- lowest revenue quarter, it's typically the lowest margin quarter.
Ronald D. Kropp: So across all the segments, we'll see increases in operating margins the rest of the year. Part of that is just normal seasonality and base business improvement, growth versus negative revenue growth. But also a lot of the initiative benefits come in the back half of the year as well.
Ronald D. Kropp: We can give you the end of the quarter. The end of the quarter is about 450 million. And typically, there's about 4 million to 5 million in dilution on top of that. So you can do the math around the rest of the share repurchase and average price to come up with an end of the year estimate.
John L. Brooklier: And the fact, as we looked at it this quarter, that's one of the reasons we bumped up the share repurchase forecast for the year from $500 million to $850 million. And that's really just from operating cash flow. What we also have said is to the extent we get U.S. after-tax divestiture proceeds, that will be on top of the $850 million. So certainly, as we moved 6 business that are held for sale into discontinued operations, as we start selling those or get close to selling those, we'll add to the share repurchase there. And then certainly, as we move with Industrial Packaging over the next year plus, we'll have to make a decision on share repurchase related to that, depending on what the ultimate outcome is.
John L. Brooklier: Deane, I would add on to that, as you look for the remaining quarters, what's left -- now clearly, we had a negative coming into Q1, one less day and some tough comps. But if you look at the rest of the quarters in aggregate, our Qs 2 through 4 would average slightly over 2%, organically. So clearly, we see better organic growth as we move ahead in the next 3 quarters.
John L. Brooklier: I think the answer is yes. If you go back to what we talked about, Eli, in terms of our quarters and relative to organic revenue, we think Qs 2 through 4 will average slightly over 2%. So I think that underscores both equipment recovery and probably some consumable improvement, too.
John L. Brooklier: I think we're going to leave it right there at the end of the hour. We've hit the end of the hour. So we thank everybody for participating in today's call. And I'm sure I'll be talking to a number of you later today.
