Michael M. Larsen: Okay. Thanks, John. Our financial performance in the first half of '14 and the positive momentum on the enterprise initiatives gives us increased confidence in our ability to deliver on our financial commitments for 2014 and beyond. For 2014, we're raising the EPS midpoint slightly and narrowing our full year EPS guidance range to $4.50 to $4.62, which compares to the previous range of $4.45 to $4.65. The new $4.56 midpoint represents an increase of 26% versus 2013 on unchanged total 3% to 4% revenue growth. As you can tell, we're not counting on a second half acceleration of revenues. Our balance sheet and cash position is excellent and we fully expect to repurchase shares opportunistically in the second half of the year. At this point, we can't be more specific in terms of timing or magnitude, and we have not included any impact from lower share count in the updated guidance today. With the month of July, the third quarter is off to a good start and we expect Q3 EPS to be in a range of $1.19 to $1.27, again with 3% to 4% total revenue growth and continued year-over-year margin expansion with approximately 100 basis points coming from our enterprise initiatives. We're pleased with our first half financial performance with total revenues up 4%, operating margins of 19.6%, an improvement of 240 basis points, and EPS up 23%. In addition, following the completion of our portfolio management efforts, we now have 7 highly differentiated segments with significant growth potential going forward. While much work is still ahead of us, 2014, the second year of our 5-year enterprise strategy, is shaping up to be a year of continued progress as the ITW team works hard to further expand margins and returns, and we continue to redeploy our strong cash flows in a disciplined and returns-focused manner. In addition, we believe that many of the efforts that we're undertaking today are positioning the company for stronger organic growth in the future. With that, let me turn the call back over to John.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes, Dean, so this is Michael here. So what I would start with is that our capital allocation strategy remains unchanged. As you know, we've been very disciplined and returns-focused. And we generate a significant amount of cash. And priority one is reinvesting in our businesses, whether those are CapEx projects or new products given our innovation efforts, as well as BSS or restructuring efforts. And so all of those projects are fully funded. The second priority is our dividend. We have a -- roughly a 2% dividend yield at this point. And the dividend continues to grow in line with our cash flows as -- and has done so for a little over 50 years. And we certainly view that as an important component of our capital allocation strategy. And so that leaves the balance, approximately 50% of our total cash flows, for we've -- what we've called external investments. And really, that encompasses acquisitions, which, under the right set of conditions and financial criteria, would take priority over share repurchases. Given where we're at in terms of the M&A environment and also given our strong balance sheet and cash position and our view of where the company is going to be, not just in 2014 but really as we continue to execute this 5-year strategy, we have a preference for repurchasing shares. And so that's what we alluded to in the second half of the year, is that we will -- rather than an announced program like the one we just completed for -- associated with the IPG divestiture, is an attempt to be more opportunistic as we go into the balance of the year and also, as we start to think about 2015 and putting together the plans for next year. So that's how I'd position it for you, Deane.
Michael M. Larsen: We didn't see any unusual trends as we went through the quarter. June was our best month, but it usually is. And so there was really nothing unusual. Europe, as you noted, was -- and South America, which is primarily Brazil for us, was weaker in the quarter. But weakness -- we didn't see increased weakness or strength as we went through the quarter. Like I mentioned, July for us is off to a good start and we feel good about the guidance we've given here for the third quarter and for the total year.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. So we -- as you mentioned, we did increase price in several of our segments and saw positive price in the majority of our segments. The 10 basis points is slightly below the 20 to 30 that we were expecting for the year, and we're probably going to be at the lower end of that range as we look at it today. Nothing structural. There's a little bit of FX impact here. But as I mentioned, the environment, in terms of direct material inflation, remains benign at this point, and the businesses are doing a good job taking advantage of price opportunities as we continue to add value to our customers. So that's how I'd describe it.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. So if you look at SG&A this quarter, it was down $70 million on a year-over-year basis. About half of that is the pension charge that I mentioned in my comments. So approximately $35 million. And we did have slightly lower restructuring costs this quarter versus the same quarter last year. But beyond that, it's really continued good cost controls and discipline in our segments. And so with those caveats I just mentioned, I would think this quarter has a pretty good run rate on a go-forward basis. As a percentage of sales, 18.2%, and so we don't expect it to differ much from those levels. And actually, as we continue to implement our BSS efforts across the company, we should expect to see overheads come down. Like I said, as we exit smaller product lines and discontinuations with customers that -- and take out the overhead associated with that, you should expect to see overheads and SG&A to improve.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. So we -- historically, we've not broken out the impact from the enterprise initiatives in much greater detail and we're not going to go down that path. And so the 120 basis points was really strong execution by the operating teams on our BSS efforts, as well as on the sourcing side.
Michael M. Larsen: Right. I mean, I think the benefit you're seeing now is the lower overhead costs and the improved mix of our product portfolio. What you don't see today is what we've talked about, which is as we focus on the larger product lines and customers, we fully expect that we will take advantage of the full organic growth potential with those customers and product lines. And so what we're doing is positioning the company for accelerated organic growth in the future. And that's -- so obviously, you have not -- in the short term, you're seeing the reduction in the revenues but you're not seeing the long -- medium- to long-term impact yet.
Michael M. Larsen: So to answer your question, I mean, we are expecting approximately 100 basis points of margin expansion from the initiatives in the third quarter, and again in the fourth quarter. And that's on a year-over-year basis. And that's what I just described as very consistent with the guidance that we've previously provided. And we have -- as we develop the plans for '15 and '16, we don't see any reduction in the sourcing savings. So we really continue those -- expect to see those continue as we go through at least through 2017, which is the fifth year of our enterprise strategy. So we're not seeing a decline in sourcing savings. If anything, we're probably seeing a little more of an improvement this year versus last year in year 2 of our strategic sourcing efforts.
Michael M. Larsen: The only thing I'd add is we are -- if you look at the comps on a year-over-year basis, the comps do get easier here in the second half of the year. So on a year-over-year basis, we should be seeing improved growth rates out of the Welding business.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. So Walter, this is Michael. I mean, we're not expecting significant improvement for the electronics business here for the balance of the year. You are right that there are some encouraging potential order activity going on in that segment, and that would be slight upside to our current expectations for the second half. But again, we're not counting on it at this point.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. That's the largest declines in revenue in China is indeed the Welding segment, as we've talked about, as we exited the shipbuilding market and really have focused on the energy side. And we believe that's where the -- not just the better margins reside, but also the better growth potential. So in the quarter, in China, strong performance in Automotive and Polymers & Fluids and Food Equipment. And then decline's primarily focused just in the Welding segment.
John L. Brooklier: Thanks, Michael. We will now open the call to your questions. [Operator Instructions] We'll take the first question.
John L. Brooklier: Walter, I also add that we've talked about Welding before, and we specifically talked international, that the comps on the international side relative to this portfolio transition in China, we should start to see better comps than that as we move into third quarter and beyond. So I think that'll be helpful to the overall segment performance.
John L. Brooklier: Okay. Well, we appreciate everybody's participation in the call, and we look forward to talking to you later. Thank you. Have a good day.
E. Scott Santi: Yes. Andy, I don't think that we've seen enough to say it would be an inflection point by any stretch, particularly given the overall choppiness of the environment. I think we were generally pleased with, certainly, a noticeable pickup in the order rates in both businesses in North America. But I think we'd like to see another quarter or 2 before we call it an inflection, for sure.
E. Scott Santi: I don't think so. I think right now, we're -- I don't expect things to get a whole lot worse there. And again, the overall mix, ag represents 10%-ish of our revenues in North America. So I think we've got a nice mix of end-market exposure there that even if it did erode further, I don't think it's going to put us off our plan at all for the year.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think it's a little early to tell. I think we'll have a little bit better view for you on '15 as we get to December and we've gone through our planning process. What I would say is it's in our plans for the next 2 quarters. As Michael said earlier, this is -- we are front and center on the reapplication of 80/20 across our 90 scaled-up divisions and it's certainly a normal and expected part of the process. So what I can say for sure is for the next 2 quarters, we expect a similar sort of impact that's fully embedded in our guidance. And I think we need to get through our '15 planning process to have a better view internally and what we can share externally on how that ultimately impacts our overall performance in '15, if at all.
E. Scott Santi: Well, what I would, I guess, sort of offer as a reminder is this is 1 quarter, not a full year. So I think what -- where we are sets us up certainly, for us to be able to at least hit those 2 metrics in '15 given the progress that we're making. And I think what I would say is we still have plenty of work to do across all of these initiatives. We are not done with BSS, not done with sourcing. So we would expect continued progress as we move forward. But it -- but we haven't sort of boxed the upper end at this point and we're really managing the company quarter-by-quarter, and ultimately, we'll talk about where we think we can get in '15 late this year.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I don't think it's changed at all. I think what we've been saying for the last year for our business in the Construction or in our focus, that we had a business that had the potential to generate a significantly greater level of earnings at the current revenue base than what we have been performing to. So our focus for the last 4 to 6 quarters has largely been on getting our Construction business up to margins and profitability levels that we could see in terms of their potential. And I think that's been the focus. Our -- from the standpoint of top line and the market dynamics, right now, you all read what's going on there. It's pretty up and down. I think on a year-to-date basis, from an overall organic standpoint, we're largely tracking various industry metrics. We're not looking for a lot of out-performance there yet, because we are so focused on driving these internal improvements and we got a lot more work to do there, particularly in Europe, and we're on it. So I don't think our view has changed at all, other than I think we're on track, we're pleased with our progress and clearly, there is no sort of momentum right now on the ground in terms of any significant recovery building, particularly in the housing market in the U.S.
E. Scott Santi: I think they're very sustainable and would expect that as we continue to grow that business, given historical levels of incremental profitability, that we generate an organic growth, let alone the continued impact of some BSS and sourcing initiatives there, that we'll continue to move those margins up as we go forward.
E. Scott Santi: I don't know that we saw any major inflections month by month that was -- the improvement was in the capital equipment area, which, again, we thought was positive development, and also on guns. So it does speak to a little bit more investment by our Welding customers. But as I said earlier, it's basically a 1-quarter trend. So hopefully it will continue. We'll wait and see.
E. Scott Santi: Yes. I would -- I think the -- we've talked, I think, throughout our description of what this business structure simplification initiative means, is that there's a structural element to it in terms of generating better scale and leverage and focus in terms of the division structure. And the second part of that is then the opportunity to reapply 80/20 to all of those businesses. And so I think what I would say is we've moved -- it's largely a function of who's ready to get to that second stage more so than there's a particular -- there's a differential impact as you go segment by segment. So in the Polymers & Fluids business was -- got to that place earlier than some of the other segments. We're now at a place where pretty much across all 7 segments, it's an active part of, let's call it, Stage 2 of the BSS process. So I think it has just become -- it sort of moved again from a couple of segments to pretty much being implemented across all 7. It's a normal part of the process. Polymers & Fluids is going to get to the end of it sooner than the other segments because they started it first. But I think overall, that opportunity to reapply 80/20 is a real significant and meaningful part of the overall impact on BSS. And it's an impact of that. It's just starting to show up in terms of overall margin and profitability performance.
E. Scott Santi: Well, it's been started. I think it's, what would you say, pretty much from -- at a minimum the beginning of this year, everybody, I think, across the company's been in a pretty heavy teeing [ph] around, starting to really focus. Getting the structural stuff out of the way and really starting to focus on reapplying 80/20 across the company. As we've said earlier, we've got another couple of quarters where, clearly, it's going to be an active part of what we're up to. And I think we need to get through the planning process and see how much -- what the '15 agenda looks like, business by business, in that regard.
