Scott Santi: Yes, I think that look across what we saw in the second quarter. It looks a lot more to me overall at some short-term tentativeness. I think Michael talked about the Welding business data is probably the most tangible data point where we saw a big deceleration in capital investment in the equipment side, but the filler metal business was up solidly mid-single digits in the quarter, which has that our customers are still Welding, the activity level is very high. And I think that's, if we look at the employment rate in the US, you look at a lot of, it's an environment where overall it looks much more like a short-term pause, some tentativeness certainly impacting capital investment decisions. You know it's certainly difficult for me to say after a couple of months that that is - it turns into something larger at this point, but we all know that it's a pretty uncertain environment right now, given all of the things going on from the standpoint of global trade issues and concerns and all that. So I think it's a couple of months, and it certainly was a meaningful data between Q1 and Q2 in terms of overall demand rates, but it is only a couple of months, and it certainly looks in terms of that data point in Welding and some other things like it is some, a bit of a pause, but I don't see anything that says this is the front end of, the end of the expansion cycle for sure.
Scott Santi: Well, I think overall, we have a couple of things going for us. And when they're, when we're seeing some pressure in the marketplace. The first is that we have a very flexible cost structure. We've talked about that before, given our 80/20 operating model. And the historic performance that you referenced is really built around the fact that we have the ability to move up or down, capacity up or down. I won't call it easily, but I would say we have the ability relatively quickly to adjust our cost of the current environment. I think we showed that to some degree in Q2, and certainly we would expect that we will go through the back half of the year. So I would describe that is tactical. I would also describe our ability from a cash flow generation standpoint, and the margin profile that we've now got as a company that will allow us in a downturn to stay invested in the things that we think are really critical to the long-term growth and performance of the company. And that's a very different dynamic perhaps and we - from a overall position standpoint that we might have had in some of the prior downturn. So, I'm certainly very comfortable in our view is that we will make prudent tactical adjustments in the near-term and be able to both do that and stay invested in the things that we really think are the important things for us to be focused on and investing in from a long-term perspective.
Scott Santi: Well, I think we've talked about before, we are - we would kind of certainly a ways to go from the standpoint of our enterprise initiatives. We've got 100 basis points this quarter. There is easily several more years of work there and opportunity there. It depends on your, we're talking about the next 2 or 3 years that certainly is a lever that we will continue to access. And as I said before, the other is that we will adjust our capacity very flexibly in the cost associated with supporting their capacity. So, I think we've got plenty of levers and it also depends on sort of the magnitude of the sort of environment in the ups and downs that we're dealing with here. So our, what we would do I think is our intent is to be very responsive to the environment as we see it in the short term while staying invested in the things that we think are really critical to the long-term performance of the company. And I don't know how to be more specific.
Scott Santi: Yes, it's June was I mean we really started to see the decline in May and in June, mid-single-digit I would say in June year-over-year, and at the same time going into July here, we are starting to see things, certainly not get worse and stabilizing maybe from what we saw exit in Q2, which again supports our view that run rates are a good way to look at this on a go-forward basis. So, until we see something different.
Scott Santi: I think we're a tough parameter for you and you know the fact that we deliver at the kind of level of responsiveness that we do means our customers have to carry relatively low amount of inventory. So to the extent there was any inventory adjustment, it's probably not a particularly material number for us.
Scott Santi: Sure. I don't want to get carried away here, but we have certainly as we talked, going back to our last Investor Day, we have certainly begun the process of starting to explore. And we certainly are ready to, as we talked about begin to supplement the portfolio with nice high quality acquisitions. I would say we have made appropriate efforts in terms of communicating that update of our strategy to the appropriate people and have had pretty interesting change in terms of flow of ideas and opportunities. So, we are certainly looking at a number of things. The pipeline is sort of quickly rebuild. I don't want that in, in any way tip any or give anybody an indication that there's anything imminent there, but we're certainly starting to explore a range of potential opportunities, and we expect that over the next 12-months or so that we will generate some activity there. But it's all a function of quality fit and sort of afford let's call it affordability, doesn't, can we get, let's get and what we think it is the right value for our shareholders.
Scott Santi: And I'll answer the same question from a longer-term perspective, which is if you look at the margins we generate in every one of these seven businesses, what that tells me is we deliver a lot of value for our customers in those, in every one of those businesses. In every one of those businesses, we have significant share and penetration gain potential, and we expect, as we've said many times before and we are working on it by creating every one of those businesses to outgrow the underlying markets by 1% to 2% percentage points plus. Some have the potential to do be more, some less. But every one of them should outgrow their underlying market growth. And we are working through sort of lots of all things we've talked about before in our path to get there, but I have no doubt we will get there.
Scott Santi: What I would add is in the equipment decline, industrial was certainly the bigger decline relative to the commercial end.
Scott Santi: We are, we talked about our contingency planning discussions that we had with each one of our segments and the first topic was the conversation around what are the things that we are going to absolutely stay fully invested in as we go through this a little bit of a, of a rough patch in terms of demand. And I'd sort of go back Nigel to what I said earlier is sitting here with mid-20's EBIT margins with a business that as we model it would have to shrink by a 3rd in some unprecedented economic depression for our margins to drop below 20% suggest to us or not suggest, it puts us in a position where we are absolutely able to ride the cycles, power our way through these cycles and stay invested for the long haul. So I am. There are, there are certainly tactical adjustments that can be made in terms of managing capacity appropriate in the short run rates around demand. Again, I talked about our flexible cost structure that helps us move up or down in debt from that standpoint as demand moves up and down. But from the standpoint of capacity to invest and desire to stay invest, we're not trying to be a hero based on decremental percentage. We're trying to build a company that over 5 and 10 year period can outperform based on the core strengths that we have in terms of the business model, the end market positions where in. And the things, I don't want to get too detailed on this, but the things we've talked about in terms of sales capability building in terms of new product innovation, all of those things are part and parcel of the conversations that we've had with each of our segments in terms of the things we are absolutely going to stay invested in as we write this out.
Scott Santi: Yes, I think overall, this is a general statement with millions of products. But I think that all the work that we've done in the portfolio, we've talked about this before. We are in many, in the majority of our businesses, we are in spaces where we're doing something unique and value-added for our customers, which gives us some ability to price based on the value we deliver, not based on a commodity reference points. It's not to say that those, there aren't pressures in certain end markets as you talk about, but our responses to try to find a way to give the customer better value, not necessarily reduce the price that we're seeing or serving. So, we are doing things in auto every day to design products that help our customers to be more efficient in how they manufacture to give them better performance in terms of features and benefits. So, we're not certainly immune to the pressures at the moment as much as I would say we have from the standpoint of the differentiated nature of the product portfolio. We have multiple responses and ways that we can respond to that over time to again deliver value to our customers. We still get paid for the value that we deliver.
Scott Santi: But I would also say that that list was chock-full of Welding businesses, so to Michael's point to try to calibrate this on a single quarter given the macro influences it's, this is a data point that we are certainly comfortable being accountable for in reporting out, but on an annual basis is a better way to reflect our progress in that regard.
Scott Santi: Not yet. And there is no prediction. Actually not yet. It hasn't really been a major focus but yeah it's been a couple of months.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So that's the first-half headwinds from restructuring and from foreign exchange are $0.20 a share on a year-over-year basis. In the second half those same items, the headwind from that is only $0.05. So incrementally we get $0.15 year-over-year, better in the second half versus the first half. And that is as always assuming that foreign exchange rates stay where they are today.
Michael Larsen: Yes, that is, that's a good catch. That's just the cost side. We are getting an incremental $0.05 of benefits from the restructuring activities, the projects that were implemented in the first half of the year as part of this acceleration that we've talked about before. So there's another $0.05 there. You have, if you want to go down this price cost is turning, beginning to turn positive if things stay where they are. We also have lower interest expense. I said $0.07 annualized. So we'll get about half of that in the second half of the year. We obviously had easier comps year-over-year, even though the organic growth rate is the same at current run rates. First half-second half and then we have one extra day in Q3 that we've talked about a number of times. The straight math on that is that's worth about $0.03 to $0.04, so.
Michael Larsen: I wouldn't say we're being conservative. I think this is purely a mathematical calculation. We're taking existing run rate exiting Q2, projecting those into the back half of the year. And if you do that, we get to, if you do the math, our first-half was down 2% organic, we're saying the full year will be down two and therefore the second half will also be down two, but there is no subjective input to that calculation.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think, similar to the other businesses, we did see a slowdown in demand, but really the bigger delta, which is down 6% is what I was trying to explain with the higher PLS, the divestitures in the core business being down 2.5. On the margin side, I mean the enterprise initiatives were good. The drag is really volume leverage and then higher restructuring and that's, those are the key drivers of the margin performance. There is really no real trends that we can point to inside of these businesses that we can tie back to some macro factor. It's really broad based, lower demand in those businesses with a lot of PLS. We're working on the divestitures and so that's kind of the story on specialty.
Michael Larsen: That's correct. I mean this latest round of this 3 going from 10 to 25 really had a material impact on the company overall we're talking pennies of EPS and well managed and really that goes back to were largely a produce where we sell company and that's also true for specialty products.
Michael Larsen: No, I mean we do have a number of divisions with index pricing. Of course, those will have to adjust to contracts. But there is really when we look across the board here price continues to improve in Q2 relative to Q1. On a dollar basis and that is true across the board. As you know, automotive is a little bit more challenging. Just given the way the contracts are structured, but across the board. We're really pleased with the price performance and we're entering into more of a normal pricing environment I say we've neutralized the cost impact including the modest tariff impact we just talked about and this issue for now as things there, they are essentially behind us and to be very specific, there is no actions to give price back really all we were trying to do is cover our material cost increases as those increases went through.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean there is not much automotive aftermarket has been a grower in the low single digits here and I think there were a couple of things, there is a small portion of their sales that is tied to overall automotive production. But beyond that, there is this business correlates more to miles driven than anything else and we didn't really see much of a, there will be changes in this segment in this, in this business in the quarter.
Michael Larsen: No, I think we. And the thing I would add that there is some within quarters in that business. There are some impacts from the launch of new programs or new product launches. So I think overall the demand there our view is pretty positive. Overall , in Q2, but we can certainly go back and take a look at whether there is a specific issue related to a prior year launch. But it's they got as much said the longer sort of full year trends there are up really solidly.
Michael Larsen: Until we see something, yeah. So June was the, the more significant leg down, July looks like things are stabilizing as we sit here today.
Michael Larsen: Yes, so , Andy these are rightfully characterized as long-term growth challenged and we're certainly seeing a performance in those businesses that are below the kind of core ITW.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So I think there is both the 80/20 activities and obviously the sourcing activities and so I think it goes back to what we talked about earlier, just the resilience of ITW with a 6% decline in revenue is half of which organic the other half currency, we're holding margins above 24% and we're holding gross margins. We generate more cash in terms of the conversion rate, and so I wouldn't say we were, that was not a big surprise to us that we were able to do that, that's kind of, that's how we run the rail on the railroad here, so.
Michael Larsen: Yes I think if you look at the trend of the bottom left of the slide, we would probably expect that trend to continue into the back half of the year if things stay the way they are, from a cost standpoint.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think a more realistic view is that it begins to turn slightly positive in the second half here. And beyond that I can't really give you a number.
Michael Larsen: Let me just Mirc. Just because I don't answer your question specifically, doesn't mean I don't know the answer. I just want to be clear. So it's just a - we have never provided quarterly guidance on price cost and given the dynamic environment we're in and it's I would put it this way. Overall, it's not going to be a material driver to our performance in the back half, but it certainly contributes and relative to where we've been over the last three years, it's no longer a drag, which I think that's really the big story here. The price cost has been neutralized. In terms of price dollars, we are significantly ahead of the material cost side, including the tariffs we talked about. So hopefully that helps.
Michael Larsen: I think in terms of the big, if you look at it by segment, automotive accounts for the vast majority of the decline in revenues year-over-year, I think that's well understood. We're kind of being hit by a number of things here, including and we've talked about semi and now this slowdown in Welding. So, I think it's a little bit about, little bit of an unusual time for us. Usually we have things kind of moving in different directions. But like I said auto is the majority. Then we have this unique situation in Specialty where the divestitures are underperforming. We're still doing a lot of product line simplification and then Welding took a step down here in Q2. So, yeah.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So I think on Welding, the decline was fairly broad-based. If you look at, so the equipment side down, for consumables flat and the filler metals is up 5, like we talked about. So that's certainly a positive. The industrial side of Welding in North America, it was down kind of in the mid-single digits, and was the biggest driver overall. The commercial side, as we've talked about before, did relatively better than that, and then the last data point oil and gas kind of was flat in the quarter, so.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean, it's really the industrial economy here is what we're seeing the softening demand. And because we are shorter cycle and Welding is one of these, receive the order today and ship tomorrow. We see it maybe faster than other companies that carry more of a backlog. You have to keep in mind that in Welding since we're on that topic, we carry less than two weeks backlog, because of the best-in-class service levels that we provide in that business. So, and then I think on margins, I'm not sure. Well, you were talking about Welding specifically, I mean I think certainly if margins at 28.8. If you take out the restructuring and Welding they were actually positive in the, in the quarter as well up year-over-year. There was about 60 basis points of restructuring in the quarter. And I think it's back to the resilience of the of ITW and given how we're organized, our teams on the ground when they see things slowing. They are able to react quickly and make appropriate adjustments and deliver. If you look at the decrementals for ITW in the quarter, we are in the mid 20's, which is given that we saw the slowdown late in the quarter, I think it's pretty really strong performance. And as we talked about earlier, we expect that to continue as we go into the balance of the year.
Michael Larsen: Right. And I'll just add Nigel one data point before, and it was a question earlier and if I didn't say clearly. Our year-over-year price, if you look at in dollar terms was higher in the second quarter than in the first quarter. So, if there is some nervousness around the ability to maintain price, hopefully that data point is helpful.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think it's a good question, John. When we talked about this at Investor Day last year, I think we described it as a journey. And so what we were going to do is report on our progress on an annual basis. I can tell you we're certainly making progress in those businesses. We are having movement of businesses that were not ready to grow, not growing category that are moving up. Maybe the Service business in Food Equipment is a good example of that where we are now putting solid 3% to 4% organic growth on the board at, by the way really attractive margins as I'm sure you know.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean, I think if things decelerate from here we will give you an update in the third quarter. I think what you saw in terms of kind of the decrementals are a good way to think about how the company would, that we saw in the quarter a good way to think about how the performance might play out. There is one other data point in the materials today. You saw we adjusted our organic growth guidance down. Every point of organic growth is approximately $0.10 a share so and then you can and I think we're pretty transparent in terms of all the information that we provide, including at the segment level and then you can build your own models and those decrementals by the way are fairly similar across all of our segments. So hopefully that helps you model the sensitivities around, around the top line.
Joel Tiss: Cheers. Two questions, just one, I know you said that it's a little bit too early to tell and I just wondered if the way you're characterizing sort of a little bit of amplification of slowdown in May and June and stabilizing in July, is there any way to tell and I know you guys are hand to mouth, but is there any way to tell if your customers demand was sort of impacted you know kind of like the amplified a little bit from inventory destocking or there is not really anyway to tell? You know what I mean so that the underlying markets is better than what the number show.
Joel Tiss: But I meant for them, like your customer demand went down because their customers are reducing inventories. Okay, maybe will do...
Joel Tiss: Too much of attending? Okay. Can you give us a little bit of an update on your pivot to acquisitions and where we stand and what you're thinking and how your, how your team is building and how you're seeing with prices and all that? Thank you.
