Michael M. Larsen: All right. Thanks, John. And as you've heard today, we exit 2013 with some positive momentum that positions us well for 2% to 3% organic top line and 18% to 24% earnings growth, in line with the 2014 guidance communicated at our December 6 Analyst Meeting. While we were encouraged by what we saw in the second half of 2013 and the fourth quarter in particular, we think it's prudent to remain cautious on the global macro environment at this time. We expect operating margins of approximately 19% for the year as we continue to execute well on the BSS and sourcing plans that support our enterprise initiatives. And we're reaffirming our 2014 EPS guidance in the $4.30 to $4.50 range, again an increase of 18% to 24%. And all of this is very consistent with our outlook from December. In terms of our IPG-related share repurchase program, we are slightly ahead of schedule. And if we stay on track, we could complete the program earlier than year-end. If so, you should expect a slight EPS benefit associated with the timing of the repurchase program. For the first quarter, we expect EPS within a range of $0.93 to $1.01. This assumes total revenue growth of 3% to 6% on some easier year-over-year comps and an organic growth rate similar to Q4. In conclusion, the fourth quarter was a good finish to a solid year for ITW, and we're well positioned to deliver continued strong progress toward our enterprise strategy performance goals in 2014. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to John for Q&A.
Michael M. Larsen: I would just add to that. If you look at -- Jamie, if you look at the latest Dodge data through the end of the year on a square footage basis, which is the metrics we look at, construction on a square footage basis is basically -- commercial construction is basically flat year-over-year. So to Scott's point, I don't think there's anything supporting a better commercial construction in the near term.
Michael M. Larsen: Okay. Well, part of that is related to some of the restructuring we're doing as we prepare the business for sale. And there were some tax charges related to that. And that -- so that's what you would have seen in the discontinued ops.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. No, no, absolutely. It's the legal reorganization as we get ready to separate the IPG business from ITW and proceed with the transaction.
Michael M. Larsen: Well, you're talking about on the BSS side and the sourcing side combined, we saw 110 basis points of improvement in the fourth quarter. And that built up really from -- if you go back into the first quarter of 40 basis points, then 60, then 80 in the third quarter, then 110 here. And we really expect to kind of have leveled out here at about 100 basis points improvement a quarter roughly as we move forward into 2014. Again, the way we've laid this out, we've talked a lot about the pace of execution here and not wanting to get too far ahead of ourselves and take risks that we don't need to. And so we've really laid it out in a fairly linear fashion here in terms of the restructuring costs, as well as the savings associated with those.
Michael M. Larsen: I think in terms of what you'll see is a 2014 that where the BSS savings will be very much in line with what we saw in 2013 and then continued progress on the sourcing side.
Michael M. Larsen: What I'll tell you that on the -- in terms of the incrementals on the organic growth, I mean, we remain in the 35% range. And anything beyond that is a combination really of BSS and sourcing efforts.
Michael M. Larsen: Well, I think what I'll say is the 2% to 3% organic, we view that as a realistic assumption for 2014 based on what we're seeing right now. And so if you look at 2013, the fourth quarter was really our first quarter of organic year-over-year growth at 2.8%. And while we're encouraged by some of the revenue growth we're seeing in our segments, we think it's a little too early to call these trends and get too far ahead of ourselves here. The other thing I will say is if you look at some of our more capital goods-driven businesses, including the Welding side in North America, we haven't quite seen the pickup yet in the CapEx cycle. So I'd say very much consistent with what we're seeing today. We've laid out the 2% to 3% organic consistent with what we said in December. And on a reported basis, that's about 2% to 4% revenue growth.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. So when we announced the IPG move to discontinued operations back in September, we also said that we would repurchase 50 million shares to offset the EPS that goes with IPG. Last year, we completed 14 -- or in the fourth quarter, we completed 14 million shares, slightly ahead of the 10 million planning assumption. And so we have 35 million shares to go. And if we remain on track here, as I said, we're slightly ahead of schedule, we could see that program get completed earlier than year-end. And if that happens, we should expect to see a slight EPS benefit associated with that. But I really can't comment much beyond that in terms of the actual timing and number of shares being repurchased by the company.
Michael M. Larsen: Nigel, I think we're in pretty good shape there for '14 and probably several quarters beyond that based on what we have visibility of right now.
Michael M. Larsen: No. I mean, what I can tell you is that we have an active program here, and we're committed to repurchasing the 35 million shares. And we are slightly ahead of schedule at this point, like I said.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes, so here's what I'll say. I mean, we're targeting, to answer your last question first, a complete sale of the business and not a joint venture. We are very pleased with the auction process that we're running. The business, to your earlier question, is performing in line with, if not a little bit better than expectations. And so we're on track to complete a transaction, a closing of a transaction by the middle of this year. And so if you back into that, you would expect an announcement in the not-too-distant future.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. I mean, that's all new build. So when we give you the -- it's really the housing number. So the renovation would really go into our renovation category, which is represented by the box stores largely for us. So the number you saw for '12 is really housing, single-family housing and some multi in there. But it basically -- that's a number that you would want to track along with housing starts.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes, for '14, housing starts right now are running at about 1 million. I don't think we're seeing a projection that's dramatically higher than that for 2014. But I think you should expect us to probably, from a growth standpoint, to run at numbers that are consistent with what you're seeing right now, probably low double-digit on the housing side. I think the renovation on the commercial side -- commercial side in particular is too difficult to call right now in terms of what improvement we might see there.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. So we're still -- we're tracking. If you look at '13, we had about 40 basis points of favorable price cost. That's a difficult number to forecast. And while we're not seeing a lot of significant cost pressure at this point, so we're basically going with the 20 to 30 basis points for 2014.
Michael M. Larsen: I mean, it's really a combination of all of the above, including the flow-through on the 9% organic growth in the Test & Measurement business. So really a combination of all of the above.
Michael M. Larsen: So on the dollar-euro, our rate that we're using for this year on average is about -- at $1.34, consistent with last year. So we're not seeing a -- in our forecast, but that's kind of what we're planning for. Because we have manufacturing in the international markets that -- on cost associated with that, we don't see large swings in earnings per share in terms of changes to the euro-dollar rate. On the price side of things, what I'd say is that we've historically done a good job offsetting inflation with price. And we continue to see that. I think some of the highlights for the fourth quarter, if you look at our Welding business in particular, we were able to continue to see favorable price cost dynamics. So but really no change in terms of the pricing environment.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. I mean, we saw 2% organic growth here in Europe in the quarter. And our guidance for the year assumes 1% to 2%. So I think, again, we're right in line.
Michael M. Larsen: No, the correct number is $114 million. I think you said $140 million. So it's $114 million was our spend in -- or our investment, if you like, in 2013. And that excludes IPG. And our assumption for '14 right now is $100 million of restructuring. And we've laid that out as approximately $25 million a quarter.
Michael M. Larsen: I wouldn't say that. I mean, I think we're 1.5 years into the restructuring, the BSS efforts. And we have at least another year to go here with some significant work to be done, including in places like Europe that can be a little bit more challenging. So I wouldn't say that it's getting easier from here.
Michael M. Larsen: Well, I mean, I think the pace is going to be dictated, to some extent, by the 3 things that I laid out, which is our ability to continue to generate strong free cash flow, which I think we had another good fourth quarter. That will be typically seasonality. We're going to be a little bit lower than that here in the first quarter. We are funding some of these repurchases with short-term debt. And so in the fourth year, that was predominantly through our commercial paper program. We've got some things coming up here in the first half of the year that we want to refinance at some very attractive rates. And so the timing around that needs to be aligned. And then I'd say the last piece here is really the transaction, the closing of the transaction for IPG, the proceeds of which will be, to some extent, used to buy back shares. And so I think those are the things that along would obviously, we continue to look at the kind of the cash on hand in North America, and therefore, what's available for repurchase. So those are kind of the 3 variables that would determine the timing.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. I mean, I think it will be similar, kind of the 2.5% to 3% range is what we're projecting right now, similar to what we did in the fourth quarter. The comps year-over-year are a little bit easier. We were actually down in the first quarter last year.
Michael M. Larsen: Well, I mean, I can tell you 2% to 4%. And so that would be midpoint of about 3%, which is what we did in the fourth quarter.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes, I think Australia has actually performed pretty well. If anything, it was a slight upside in terms of our own projections in Q4 up, I think, 4% or so. So some reasonably good performance in Australia. Europe remains its luck. But as we've talked before, we've got a lot of work on the cost structure in Europe that's in front of us. So not super worried about the demand side in Europe right now. But I think Australia, we actually were modestly surprised on the upside in terms of the overall demand.
E. Scott Santi: Yes. In terms of the overall margin sort of trajectory that we anticipate, we've talked before about our view that the construction business at its current size and scale certainly has the potential to be operating at a much higher level of profitability in a level that's accretive to our overall company objectives. So from the standpoint of incremental margin performance from here forward, we expect it to be very strong for the next 4 to 6 quarters, regardless of what's going on in the macro environment. And I think on the commercial construction question, I think we are right where you described. I think it's -- I think John used the phrase, choppy, for the last couple of quarters. I think we have been encouraged at times over the last 2 to 3 quarters. And in the fourth quarter, things seemed to soften up again a little bit. So I think we'll certainly be happy to see it when the recovery comes, but at this point, are not seeing a whole lot of basis for a high level of enthusiasm there. We'll see what happens.
E. Scott Santi: Sure. Our expectation is that BSS is very much going to drive a greatly enhanced focus in terms of the major growth opportunities in the company. So there is a big revenue component in terms of improved organic growth performance overall that's driving BSS. That being said, I think the focus around the company in the first year has largely been much more internal than external. I would expect '14 to be a year where we're still fairly heavily focused on completing some of the internal restructuring, but that we begin to start to pivot our view, if you will, from inside to outside in preparation for some accelerating organic growth in '15 and from '15 going forward.
E. Scott Santi: I think overall, what's driving the overall acceleration of growth is a much more active new product pipeline there that we've been working on for the last couple of years, and we've been commercializing steadily over the last 3 or 4 quarters. The overall environment here is, I would say, okay at best. So it's largely driven by, again, new product development in North America. And it's also had an effect or an impact in Europe, offset somewhat by the much more sluggish macro environment there.
E. Scott Santi: It would be much more about product enhancements. So innovation associated with water savings, energy savings, et cetera.
E. Scott Santi: I was just going to say, we didn't see a lot of acceleration in terms of year-end buying. I'd say from a standpoint of Test & Measurement, that business strengthened up to the extent there was a bit of use it or lose it there in terms of capital budgets, we really can't say, but that would be the one area that would maybe be a bit subject to some year-end sort of buying patterns. But across the board, it was pretty minimal.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think what I would say for now is I would expect 2014 to look a lot like 2013 looked like. We had 3 really nice, very tight fit, highly strategic deals that we did. And I think the revenue contribution in Q4 was about 2% from those. And I think our -- my expectation for '14 would be that would look very similar to that. I would -- I'm not sure how to comment on the pricing environment other than to say...
E. Scott Santi: No, I think we're -- it's much more about sort of the strategic filter right now than it is the pricing. And so the things that we got really interested in, in 2013, we were able to close. And I would expect that we'd have the same ability to be successful in 2014.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, our European welding business is largely centered on oil and gas. And so what really is going to drive most of the swing quarter-to-quarter is much more about projects and the timing of those projects. So...
E. Scott Santi: Well, we kind of -- we remain very bullish on the oil and gas play on our welding business for the long haul. I think the -- and we expect our oil and gas component of our welding business to be a strong organic grower for at least the next 3 to 4 years out as far as we can see. I think whether you're going to see it consistently grow quarter-to-quarter in Europe, given that it's a relatively small business, I can't say. But overall, we expect the demand environment there to continue and improve. We're very active in that space with new product development, product innovation. And that will continue to help drive the overall growth rates there.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I think the overall framework, and we've talked about this in New York in December, was our model is we're going to forecast based on demand rates that we're seeing now. And to the extent we saw some slight uptick in a couple of parts of the company in the fourth quarter is certainly something we'd rather have than not, but ultimately to overreact too much to some relatively short-term trends in an overall macro environment that's been pretty choppy for 8 quarters or more. I think we're on a wait-and-see mode. We've got a business plan setup where we're going to deliver between 18% and 24% earnings growth at the revenue forecast that we have right now. Could things be better next year? Sure. Could they be worse? They could, but I think we're trying to sort of walk down the path of reasonable expectations in a solid business plan where we can grow earnings in a significant way, regardless of the macro environment.
E. Scott Santi: Industrial production in Europe is still negative. I think the last equivalent of the PMI index in Europe is still running negative. So it's -- I think there's plenty of reason for wait-and-see.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I think, John, we're back to where we were before, which is if you really want to bite on these Q4 trends as strong momentum building trends, you could absolutely have a more optimistic view of '14. In our view, it's a little early for that. I think we'll talk to you at the end of first quarter. And if we see 2 quarters in a row, we're going to be much more comfortable sort of ramping as we go forward. But given the environment over the last 8 quarters, and like Michael said, some of the things we're seeing in parts of the business where we're still very sluggish in welding, still very sluggish in a number of the capital goods sectors. I think we're comfortable with where we sit.
E. Scott Santi: Well, I guess where I would start is where we're really seeing the drag. The demand drag right now is really in the heavier equipment sector, sort of take a lot of what you're hearing about from the mining exposure in other heavy equipment industries. And we're a major supplier in that space. And that's really been the headwind. We've had reasonably good performance in the commercial end of the business from the standpoint of organic growth. So it's not really a consumable versus equipment mix issue. It's really more of an end market exposure issue. And our equipment business with improved results in this heavy equipment space, it's -- the overall business is certainly highly profitable for us. But that segment or that sector in particular is a very strong one for us. So if we get some reasonable recoveries and go through '14 and start to see some growth again in this heavy equipment space, it should be favorable to the overall margin profile of the business.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, I mean, I think we're -- if I understood your question correctly, we're not giving guidance for '15 today. I mean, we're -- we've said that -- you're right that it's about 120 basis points of margin improvement and assumed in the guidance for 2014. And that puts us right on track with the targets that we laid out 1.5 years or 2 years ago almost at the -- for the 2012, 2017 strategy. And so we would say we're right on track to achieve the 20%-plus operating margins.
E. Scott Santi: No. No, our China business is driven mostly by our Auto OEM business, which is then, as John commented earlier, a very strong performer. And we expect that to continue for a while into the future.
E. Scott Santi: Yes, so we're really expecting an Electronics business in '14 that's largely flat with '13. So not expecting significant improvement. I think on the PLS side, I don't think we've broken that out historically by business. But I think we would say in the Polymers & Fluids business that the majority of that activity is behind us at this point. And so we'd expect to see a slightly better '14 than '13.
John G. Inch: Well, actually, Michael, the comps are a lot easier. And I'm sorry, what's the 2.5% to 3%? Is that...
John G. Inch: Okay. So I'm not disputing your methodology. I'm just trying to understand. Is there anything that's implicit in the way you've provided for first quarter that we're supposed to be recognizing either because of something specific to the compare, which is obviously very easy, or some other aspect, just to make sure that we've got our Is and Ts dotted and crossed as we roll into...
John G. Inch: Okay. So when you gave the 2% to 3% for the year, if I go back to the December outlook meeting, I think if I'm not mistaken, pretty much the 2% to 3% was predicated, considering you have pretty easy compares in '14 on sort of no business change or cadence sequentially. Yet it does appear the quarter has actually ended better sort of on an organic note. So am I still reading that right? So in other words, equal...
John G. Inch: That's fine, Scott. I just want to make sure the framework's consistent, and there's nothing else that's been adjusted in some manner that still gets you to the same outlook. But that's great. I appreciate it.
