Michael Larsen: Yes. So, Andy, we've had a -- as you've outlined, a very solid half one here in specialty. There's a few different things going on. I think strength in aerospace has been a feature throughout the first half. There's some other pockets of strong demand elsewhere. Obviously, we had favorable comps in specialty and we've also benefited from the timing of some orders, particularly in Q1 for some of our European equipment businesses. This is a segment that we've got some strategic portfolio repositioning going on. A bit more than the normal kind of PLS that you'd see, more than maintenance, much more strategic, it's going to be a bit of a drag on revenue for the full year, we would say. We probably expect specialty to be up just above flat, maybe flat to low single digits for the full year. But the important thing here is that the strong work that we are doing to really make this segment a 4% grower in the long-term. And based on the progress that we've seen this year, we certainly believe we can do that.
Michael Larsen: Well, so I think in terms of the cadence, I think we saw as we were going through the quarter is the demand continued to moderate as the quarter by -- as the quarter progressed. And by segment, definitely auto, as auto builds came down, the CapEx businesses that Chris mentioned, Test & Measurement and Welding, were maybe a little bit more impacted than some of the other businesses. I think on a positive note, I just might add that June also had really strong margin performance. So I think we got some good margin momentum heading into the second half. In terms of the back half of the year, as we said, per our typical process, this is based on current levels of demand that we're seeing in these businesses adjusted for seasonality. We do have, as you recall, some more favorable comparisons here in the second half of the year. If you look at last year, we were up 4% in the first half of '23, and we're flat in the second half of '23. So, the comparisons definitely get easier. We also have the benefit of two additional shipping days in the back half, one in Q3 and one in Q4. And then the last thing I would add is we've updated the automotive build forecast, as we saw a decline there from previously about flat for the year to down 2%. And we expect to outgrow that per typical 2% to 3% and we continue to outgrow by a little bit more than that in China as we've talked about previously. So those are all the elements that kind of went into the top line guidance. I might just add, if you look at the reduction, 1 to 3 organic now to about flat, and you look at kind of the flow-through on that, that's about a 20% decremental, just given how strong the margin performance is and how flexible our cost structure is so that we can continue to kind of read and react to whatever demand environment we're dealing with in the second half.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think it's more the latter, Tami, that demand is a function of where we are in the economic cycle. And so destocking, which was a headwind all of last year, is no longer a significant factor at this point. I think if you look at just North America, down 2% was really driven by Welding, down 6%. And then Auto, Polymers & Fluids down 4%. And then some positive momentum in Food Equipment up 2% and Specialty up 5%. But again, that's really more reflection of kind of where we're at in the cycle versus anything going on from a destocking standpoint.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think not a lot of volume leverage, obviously, as we're guiding to about flat growth for the year. The biggest driver continues to be the enterprise initiatives. As you said, we got 140 basis points in the first half. The roll-up for the second half looks really good. As we said today, more than 100 basis points. And so somewhere I would say between 100 and 140 is maybe a reasonable estimate. And then price-cost, a modest contribution. We're kind of back to a normal price-cost environment. And so that's not a significant driver. Really the big driver here, as I think you pointed out, are the enterprise initiatives that independent of volume, continue to contribute in a meaningful way, which is a great position to be in -- in a -- given where we are in the cycle, in a pretty challenging and uncertain environment. And without giving too much away, as we kind of look into the future beyond this year, we'd expect another solid contribution in 2025 and beyond.
Michael Larsen: Yes. Yes, I think all good questions, Julian. I mean, Q3 looks a lot like Q2, I would say. We typically see a modest increase in revenues from Q3 to Q4, with emphasis on modest. And we also see typically a modest improvement in operating margins as we go through the year -- from Q2 to Q3 and then into Q4. And so there's really nothing unusual going on there. We do, as you pointed out, we do benefit from having a couple of extra days here in the second half and then, like I said, more favorable comparisons. The other thing that would not be in the run rates is what Chris talked about earlier, which is this increased contribution from new products coming in at higher margins. But we feel like we've really maybe taken not just an approach that's consistent with kind of how we've done it historically in terms of guidance, but a fairly conservative approach going into the second half. Certainly things can change quickly. Things kind of improve, but they can also deteriorate and hopefully, kind of parsing out for you the impact here in Q2 in terms of what a point of revenue growth sequentially means or decline means, the $50 million at the decremental that we talked about, I think gives you a way to kind of further risk adjust your numbers, or if you are more optimistic, you can certainly make those adjustments as well. But that's kind of how we think about the guidance here for the second half.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. So, Scott, I think our posture on M&A hasn't changed much. I mean, as we shared at our Investor Day, we have a pretty disciplined portfolio management strategy and we're certainly staying consistent to that. From our standpoint, we have a pretty clear and well-defined view of what fits our strategy and our financial criteria. So, for us, it's a case of just finding the right opportunities. Very much focused on high-quality acquisitions that can extend our long-term growth potential, growing at a minimum of 4% plus at high-quality. We've been able to leverage the business model to improve margins. So we review opportunities certainly on an ongoing basis, pretty selective given what we believe to be pretty compelling organic growth potential that we have in our core businesses. And if I go back to the MTS acquisition from a couple of years ago, that was certainly an acquisition that ticked all the boxes and only a couple of years in here and already turning out to be a great ITW business. So to the extent that we can find acquisitions like that, then we'll certainly be very active.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes, I was going to say, Scott, that we're even more confident now than we were at Investor Day. Our confidence has certainly continued to grow. We're very encouraged by what we're seeing in our businesses. It's one of the reasons that we believe that we're outperforming our end markets right now. And our view on customer-backed innovation is that we're going to lean into customer-backed innovation in the same way with a similar approach that we utilized in really reinvigorating front to back 80-20 in the last phase of our enterprise strategy in terms of our intention around it, in terms of the rigor and capability build that's going on all over this company right now. And in doing so, increase our contribution from what was approximately 1% in 2019 to north of 2% today, and what will be north of 3% in the not too distant future. So everything we see on customer back and the work we're doing in our divisions gives us an even stronger sense of confidence that this is going to be really impactful in terms of our ability to grow 4% plus in the long-term.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes, so Joseph, specialty is indeed, as you said, a collection of high-quality, high-margin businesses. There is a concentration around consumer packaging, both on the equipment side, on the consumable side. There's also a bit of a concentration around appliance components. And then there's a collection of smaller businesses, one of which is primarily lined up alongside aerospace, that are very attractive and certainly capable of growth. So we're going through a strategic repositioning of some of those businesses in terms of heavier leaning on PLS. We haven't seen much growth in Specialty over the last few years, as you know, so that's what caused us to really look at the portfolio. But we feel very good about the progress we're making in terms of there's a lot of high differentiated product lanes in that segment. And this repositioning will put us in a position where we accentuate the growth of those, we resource those, and we maybe de-resource some other ones that are not in a position to grow. But overall, I would say it's a nice portfolio of businesses with a strong differentiation lineage running through it. And as I say, we are well-positioned to grow to some 4% plus in the long-term.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. So, we look at our portfolio on an ongoing basis. We believe we've got a very high-quality portfolio and if the opportunity comes to divest, we would certainly do that. I would say that as we think about portfolio management today, it's more likely to be in the realm of product-lane pruning as opposed to divestiture. Now, that could change, but as we look at it today, it's much more along the lanes of pruning within businesses as opposed to divestiture of businesses, I would say.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes, sure, Julian. I mean, I think you're right. We are slightly below our typical conversion range here for the first half. And I think on the last call, we talked about our focus at the divisional level on reducing our inventory months on hand from we're right around 3.1 right now as compared to pre-COVID, 2.5 or even a little bit lower than that in some of our segments. So, we've made some progress. Inventory is down a double-digit on a year-over-year basis. But I would agree with you that we can definitely do better. We fully expect to take advantage of this opportunity in the second half to reduce inventory levels and generate above average free cash flow while, as I said, maintaining our typical ITW [indiscernible] customer service level. So big focus on this in the second half. And just given our track record around, kind of do what we say, execution, we feel like we're really well-positioned to generate above average free cash flow in the second half.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Well, yes, I think, Walt, June was -- things continued to moderate, particularly Auto Builds were softer in June. And then on the CapEx side, Welding, I think consistent with commentary you may have heard from some of our peers in the welding space. And then Test & Measurement, I think while we have not seen a pickup in semiconductor or electronics or CapEx, I would say semi also has not gotten worse. So it's kind of bumping along. And I would just add that we remain like really well-positioned for the inevitable recovery down the road. And I think if you look at, some of the segments with positive organic growth here in Q2, so you look at Specialty, you look at Polymers & Fluids, the operating leverage that we generate of fairly modest organic growth is pretty remarkable. So we're really well-positioned for that. We continue to invest, a lot of focus on new products, but we've not seen a pickup in those markets yet. But again, really well-positioned for the inevitable recovery down the road here, whenever that may happen.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes, I mean, I think the retail growth similar to in the first quarter, I think up 9% here in the second quarter, and it's all driven by new products. So this is all way and wrap equipment and new product rollouts. And I'd say our customer base is not part of the population that you may be alluding to that's having trouble financially. I mean, these are all the big grocery store, retailers, chains that you would expect. And so we're not seeing any impact there from them being in trouble financially. Quite on -- quite the contrary.
