Michael Larsen: Okay, thank you Bob. Good morning and welcome to ITW's second quarter 2017 conference call. I am Michael Larsen, ITW's Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining me this morning is our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi. During today's call, we will discuss our second quarter financial results and update you on our 2017 earnings forecast. Before we get to the results, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecasts for the third quarter and full-year 2017 as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the Company's 2016 Form 10-K for more detail, but important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures. And while we use very few non-GAAP measures, a reconciliation of those non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. With that I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So that is the impact of the illegal settlement, which was booked in that line item essentially. So what we do is we allocate our corporate cost to the segments on a percentage of revenue basis and because our corporate costs went down as a result of the legal settlement, we allocated less to the segments this quarter. So that's what you're seeing in that line, John.
Michael Larsen: So the decline in automotive OEM, if you look at in the second half is going to be in Q3. So that's when you see the bulk of the decline in North America auto builds down 6% and actually down more than that with the D3s where we have relatively higher content. And then the decline in builds moderates in Q4. And so, if you translate that that's part of what's driving the Q3 versus Q4 organic growth rate for the company. So we’ll be you know we are guiding to 1% to 3% for Q3 and that implies a better organic growth rate than that in the fourth quarter, really primarily driven by the auto builds.
Michael Larsen: Andy, let me just put it in context, I mean, we just reported record operating margins at 24.3%. So price cost was a little bit more of a headwind really as a result of the primarily the price of steel. We have passed on - we’ve made the price adjustments essentially we need to make for 2017 and we're set up for the pressure on price cost to moderate here in the second half of the year and margins would continue to improve from here on the construction side.
Michael Larsen: I think we’ve just talked about this a couple minutes ago. I mean the key driver here is really if you look at the IHS forecast for the second half, the decline in domestic builds is greater in Q3 than Q4. So that delta is really what's driving the bulk of what you're describing, which is a 1% to 3% organic growth rate expected for Q3 and then implied a higher growth rate than that for Q4. So it's primarily driven by the forecast for auto builds in North America.
Michael Larsen: All of the other businesses, David, as we usually do is a model based on current run rate adjusted for typical seasonality.
Michael Larsen: Right, I mean, that’s the other thing. I mean, we are seeing what we just talked about, you know, the industrial businesses; welding, test & measurement, electronics, there is some positive momentum in those businesses. But it is primarily driven…
Michael Larsen: Yeah. I mean what we usually do is we take current Q2 run rate and order rate and we run rate amount adjust for seasonality, but there is no assumption of a significant acceleration beyond that built into Q4.
Michael Larsen: Yeah I think price cost was a little more unfavorable than maybe we expected. We've talked about this lag in the past between when you start realizing price increases and when the material costs show up in the income statement. And I think what the timing was off maybe a little bit versus what we expected, but as I also said on price cost, we would expect that to start to moderate that pressure here as we go into the second half. We've made the price adjustments we need to make based on current material cost and if anything some of the pressure we've seen on steel may be easing here in the second half. So we feel fairly confident that we have this one baked in our guidance for the rest of the year.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. So we -- I’d rather not Nigel -- if I start giving guidance by segment here based on external forecasts, it gets a little tricky, so I'd rather not go down that path, but I think if you model this, you can yourself, based on the data we have provided you, can get pretty close.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. I mean that is correct. I mean, we've modeled the second half based on current run rates, which is the commercial side, up 5; the industrial side, which was the new news, up 5, that business was down 2 in prior quarter; and then oil and gas is still flattish, down actually 1% here in Q2. So we haven't seen a pickup on that side yet.
Michael Larsen: This is more discretionary cost management, so it's your day-to-day blocking and tackling on the cost side.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. I think we're really pleased with the progress and maybe I’ll let Scott talk to the operational side, but on the financial side, we are ahead of what we had modeled when we made the acquisition by a pretty wide margin at this point. As you may recall, they came in at EBIT margins in that 7% range. A year later, we are already at 11. So I think we’re really pleased with what we're seeing financially and then maybe operationally. Scott -- 
Michael Larsen: Yes, actually we – typically, we don't see much anything unusual. We actually did see quite an improvement in the month of June. So we feel really good about the momentum going into the third quarter here.
Michael Larsen: It was actually broad based and the international side continues to be strong. And then in North America, in the month of June, now, it's one month, so I wouldn't read too much into it, but really broad based, a meaningful organic growth rate in the mid-single digits, maybe a little higher than that.
Michael Larsen: Ann, this is Michael. We haven't seen any change in the competitive dynamics on the institutional side. As you pointed out, we have a really strong position there that's been our focus for a long time and we were pleased to see the business up in a year-over-year basis, again in Q2 and feel very good about our competitive position.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. I think we ended up at 347 and so we are executing the program we laid out back in December, which is $1 billion for the year. $250 million per quarter is the plan and that is the plan for the back half here in Q3 and Q4. I will point out that we have a board meeting coming up where we will, as we typically do, discuss capital allocation and surplus capital deployment specifically and after that meeting, here in a couple of weeks, we’ll provide an update, not just into the dividend, but also any potential further share repurchases for the year.
Michael Larsen: Not much of an update here, Ann. We’re not necessarily a great proxy for what's going on in the broader M&A market. I mean, we're really focused on executing this enterprise strategy and deliver the types of results that you've seen from us over the last four years. So that's our primary focus right now.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So currency was still a headwind in Q2 and what we, as we always do, Andy, we're modeling based on current rates. So I think if you look today, it’s about 1.17 for the euro. Last year, I think we were 1.12 average. That dealt, the $0.05 just as a rule of thumb drives $0.05 of EPS for the full year. And so in the second half, that’s the $0.03 of EPS favorability versus guidance. But it's nice to see that if rates stay where they are, we're not going to be talking about headwind on currency, which it's been a while since we're able to say that.
Michael Larsen: Andy, most of our business is really booking and ship -- I mean we get the order today, we ship tomorrow and replenish the inventory the day after. So we tend to be fairly short cycle and so we've not seen a significant change in backlog. And as I say, we’re not really a backlog driven company. 
Michael Larsen: The ones that stick out and if you go to the, there's a schedule in the 8-K, attached to the press release that actually lays out the impact that I talked about on the call, I talk about every call of the amortization of the intangibles related to acquisitions and due to the more recent acquisitions in test and measurement, electronics and in polymers and fluids, that’s where you see the bulk of the impact. So you really, on an apples-to-apples basis, need to add back this quarter 320 basis points in test and measurement, 400 basis points in polymers and fluids and really 150 basis points, if you look at it at the enterprise level and just as an aside, if you and we've done this for you on that same schedule, if you translate that into an EPS impact, it's about $0.10 a quarter.  So $0.40 of non-cash expense, $0.40 of EPS on an annual basis. We are focused on improving margins in all of our businesses and I think what's really encouraging is you're seeing our businesses there are clustered in a tight range in the mid-20s operating margin and I think that really is a result of our businesses leveraging this really unique business model with a very high level of efficiency. And so what we have today in our view is a really highly diversified high quality portfolio with no weak links anywhere. These are all, if you compare our operating margins here to peers, on average, they are 500 basis points better than -- higher than their peers and in some cases, significantly more than that. So I hope that answers your question.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. It’s a good question. I mean, first of all, it's a fairly small part of our business, 20% of our revenues. We’re focused, as you know, primarily on the -- of our businesses on the equipment side. Consumables were down slightly in the current quarter and it's really tied back to the international side, which is primarily oil and gas. And so as the oil and gas cycle starts to make its way into the welding consumable side, we should see an improvement on the consumable side as well.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. Mig, I mean, at this point, nothing has really changed. I think we've been very consistent in terms of our ability to generate strong cash flow, maintain a strong balance sheet and allocate our capital or our shareholders capital with very high level of discipline and so our number one priority is invest in our businesses and to drive organic growth and productivity. That's our number one priority. That only consumes, in our very asset light business model, about 25% of our operating cash flows.  The second priority is the dividend. And so as you’ve seen, we've been leaning into the dividend with a meaningful increase last year, I just talked about we have a meeting coming up in August here. We allocate about 25% to 30% of our operating cash flow to a dividend that has been growing slightly faster than earnings certainly last year. And then that leaves a fairly sizable portion for external investments, some combination of acquisitions and we’ve talked about the criteria that we're looking for there from a strategic and from an 80-20 improvement standpoint.  We also talked about that not being really the primary focus for us right now and then any remaining surplus capital, we've returned to shareholders through the share repurchase program and so $1 billion this year that we're executing is really our estimate of surplus cash available in North America. So that's a rebound line of our capital allocation strategy and Mig, just given the performance of the company and our strong position here, we haven't changed anything.
Michael Larsen: No, not really, Mig. We're really focused on executing the current enterprise strategy and continue to make progress on our pivot to organic growth. I think we’re really encouraged by 3% organic growth in the first half, almost two full percentage points better than all of last year and last year was another significant improvement over the year before that. And so that’s the type of momentum that we're trying to generate here really with a laser focus on getting the organic growth rate going.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. I mean that's -- you got it. It's exactly what you described, it’s over 300 basis points of enterprise initiative impact and volume leverage. So back to -- you see what happens in these segments, you get a little bit of organic growth to volume leverage and the earnings growth we're able to drive with that is really significant, which is back to again why we're so focused on getting the organic growth rate going. So we would expect the test and measurement business to continue to improve from here.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. So polymers and fluids, as you point out, is really more of a comp issue in the automotive aftermarket business. We launched, the business launched a new product last year and typically, when we do that, you see a ramp up in the quarter that didn't repeat this year. So the only other thing I can point to is really on the polymers side is in selling into the wind industry, there's a little bit of a decline in that part of the business, but overall, stable.  And I would just point out that even though as you saw revenues were down slightly, margins continued to improve in that business, which is certainly encouraging. In terms of China, the growth continues to be really strong and it's not just the automotive business, it's really across the board. Excluding automotive, China was up 11% this quarter. And on a year-to-date basis, up 16% and it's really broad based. So we feel really good about our position in China and we feel good about our ability to continue to perform at a high level in the second half.
Michael Larsen: It's a good question, Walt. I mean how I would think about it is for the year, we expect to be at 24%. We have a clear line of sight to another 100 basis points of margin expansion from enterprise initiatives, obviously for the second half of ’17 and also for ’18. So those -- that alone takes us to that 25% range. And then, you have to model what you think the organic growth rate is going to be for the company.  And historically, our incremental margins on organic growth have been in that 30% to 35% range, maybe at the higher end of that range recently. And so theoretically, that's where we would be -- where we would be maxing out. So I certainly wouldn't think of the 25% as a cap in any way say perform. We really believe that there's more room to grow here from a margin perspective. As again, we really continue to make good progress on organic growth with strong incremental margins.
Michael Larsen: I think we probably -- this year, I think long term, certainly we have a lot of conviction around being able to grow the food equipment business in the mid-single digits, which would be 200 to 300 basis points above market. Right now, a little bit of a slowdown on the market side. We talked about that. And for this year, we’ll probably be slightly below mid-single digits in terms of organic growth in the food equipment business.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. I mean I think we are seeing a slight moderation on steel prices right now. The tariff really, I mean that’s anyone's guess. If that were to happen, then we will react accordingly.
Scott Santi: Those did John, that was on the international side and you international up a solid 3% in line with expectations. I think what you saw a little bit in Q2 here was a slowdown on the restaurant side of the business, which is only about 20% of our business, but it was down in the 7% range. Our business as you know is primarily focused on the institutional side and institutional was actually up in that 2% to 3% range in the quarter. And for us, the QSR side was also positive and the retail side. So overall, the slight slowdown that you're seeing here is as a result of the restaurant side. And as we look into the second half here based on the current run rates and backlog in that business, we’ll be back in that 2% to 3% range organic growth in the second half for the business.
Scott Santi: I absolutely believe that the underlying potential is every bit as positive in welding as it has been historically on a go forward basis. We are, you know, Michael talked about it, I think the encouraging thing in Q2 is that we saw the industrial side of that business turn positive in a pretty significant way in Q2. I think it's, you know, we hate to call one quarter trend. So I think we're in the wait and see mode here a little bit, but overall I would say that we are at least hopeful that what we saw in the second quarter will continue and if it does, then we would expect welding to be back at some point here to its traditional place in our portfolio as one of the strongest organic growers in the company.
Scott Santi: I would just reiterate what we've talked about in the past, which is it’s a terrific fit with our business I think from a leadership, the quality of the leadership team that we've inherited, we are very pleased. It is all going very well. It does take some time to do what we usually do. So this is a four to five year integration process. And as Michael said, we are ahead of the game, but we are, at this point, four quarters in on a four or five year run. So -- but so far it's been everything we hoped that would be.
Scott Santi: Yeah. I mean Nathan, I appreciate the question. That's not really how we think about it. I mean, we price for value, as we continue to innovate and deliver value to customers, that's how we get price. We’re not, in terms of the price cost equation, we are just trying to cover our increases on the raw materials side. The margin performance by ITW continues to be driven by the enterprise initiatives primarily and then the volume leverage that you're seeing. So those are the key drivers of margin expansion at ITW, not the price cost equation.
David Raso: So for the fourth quarter, are there any other businesses that we should be thoughtful about that you expect an acceleration or is it really that significantly sensitive to the auto swing in 3Q and 4Q year-over-year.
David Raso: But that math is what it is, just taken some of those CapEx businesses, run rates run them out. They do give you a little better organic growth in 4Q then 3Q or recently right, that's the idea of…
David Raso: So you expect gross margins to be still higher year-over-year, okay. Thank you very much, I appreciate it.
