Michael Larsen: Thank you, Scott and good morning everyone. Okay let’s get started with the financial summary on page two. Third quarter was another quarter with solid execution and high quality of earnings with organic growth of 3.5%, record operating income and record operating margins of 20.9%. EPS of a $1.28 was an increase of 42% versus prior year. Revenues were 3.7 billion, up 3.5% with growth in all major geographies. Four segments automotive, food equipment, test and measurement and electronics and welding stood out with organic growth of 5% or better. As Scott mentioned, consistent with the first half of the year, product line simplification was a 1% drag on our overall organic growth rate. Five of our seven segments expanded margins by more than 200 basis points, with a 120 basis points from enterprise initiatives, which included increased contribution from our strategic sourcing efforts. Incremental margins were 76% and cash generation was solid with free operating cash flow 128%. We spent 500 million on share repurchases and you might recall that we raised a dividend of 15% in the third quarter. Good progress in after-tax return on invested capital with an improvement of 250 basis points. So overall, we were pleased with the strong results in the quarter and the continued positive momentum on our enterprise initiatives. On page three, a few highlights on organic growth for the quarter with North America up 4% as a result of continued strength in automotive up 8%, food equipment up 6%. Also in North America, welding was up 10% and test and measurement and electronics grew 6%, certainly some encouraging progress on organic growth. International growth was also positive up 3% in the quarter with Europe up 3%. Four of our segments were positive in Europe, with automotive up 9% and food equipment up 6%. Asia-Pacific increased 5% driven by Australia up 5% and China up 3%. Automotive OEM and food equipment in China were both up double digits construction in Australia test and measurement and electronics in Asia-Pacific were up high single digits. So in summary, solid organic growth across all major geographies and some encouraging signs in our CapEx driven segments welding and test and measurement, as we continue to apply our 80-20 business system and position our businesses for future organic growth. Moving on to slide four, operating margins were once again a highlight as solid execution on the enterprise initiatives which included greater contributions from the strategic sourcing effort, led to record operating margins of 20.9%, an increase of 190 basis points from last year. As Scott mentioned, the third quarter was the highest ever in terms of operating income at 772 million, which speaks to the quality of the revenues generated by this portfolio of highly differentiated businesses after completing the portfolio management component of our enterprise strategy. This former record was 770 million in the second quarter of 2012, the quarter that had revenues almost 1 billion higher than this quarter. We were pleased to see that all seven segments improved operating margins with five of the seven segments expanding margins by more than 200 basis points, and polymers and fluids exceeding 20% for the first time. At the right side of the page we’ve listed the drivers of the margin expansion, with the largest contribution being 120 basis points from enterprise initiatives. We continue to invest in future margin expansion and spent $28 million on restructuring related to our business structure simplification efforts. So clearly more to come in terms of BSS savings, as we spend approximately $100 million this year. Operating leverage was 80 basis points and price cost was favorable for a total of 190 basis points of margin expansion. So really great progress and lots of positive momentum on the enterprise initiatives. We’ve continued spend on restructuring and higher contributions from sourcing which gives us increased confidence in our ability to expand margins in 2015 and beyond. With that, I’ll be back in a few minutes to go over our updated guidance, but first let me turn it over to John for some additional commentary on the segment.
Michael Larsen: Okay, thanks, John. So on page nine let’s start with our guidance for the quarter where we expect 2% to 3% organic revenue growth and 100 basis points of margin expansion from enterprise initiatives. Currency is a 3% headwind on revenues, so total revenues are expected to be about flat. Foreign exchange is a manageable $0.04 headwind to EPS and EPS is expected to be in the $1.07 to $1.15 range midpoint of $1.11, an increase of 21% over last year. For the full year, we are raising our EPS guidance third time this year to $4.57 to $4.65 which compares to $4.50 to $4.62 previously. At the new midpoint of $4.61, EPS is expected to be up 27% over 2013. Our organic revenue growth assumptions for the year remains unchanged at 2% to 3% and we now expect higher operating margins of approximately 20%, roughly 200 basis points of improvement. So in summary, we are pleased with our progress on our enterprise strategy and strong financial results for the quarter and for the year. In a macro environment similar to the one that we’re in today, we have great confidence in our ability to further expand operating margins and deliver differentiated earnings growth in 2015 and beyond as the team continues to execute well in our five year strategy and position ITW for a solid organic growth, with best in class modules in returns. We look forward to sharing more detail with you at our upcoming Investor Day on December 5th.
Michael Larsen: Yes.Robert Wertheimer – Vertical Research Partners, LLC: Okay. Great. I think that was my two I guess. Thank you.
Michael Larsen: Yeah so I guess. Andy this is Michael. So we’re not ready to go down that path for a number of reasons. One, we’d like to give you the full picture when we get to our Analyst Day on December 5th that you’re of course invited to. The other thing I tell you is this is annual plan season for us right now so all the businesses are working through their plans for next year being able to share a much better view of what this might look like in terms of the landing spot for margins and returns at the end of the five year enterprise strategy as well as provide some detail on 2015. But what I would echo with Scott just said that we expect all our businesses to continue to improve and get a little bit better on every year on operating margins and you should expect us to describe that in more detail when we get to the analyst day on December 5th.
Michael Larsen: Yes that’s correct. And if you look at the growth rates last year, we were up 3% organically in the fourth quarter we were up 1% up organically in the third quarter. We talked about test and measurement in particular having a more challenging comp and then may be a little bit of a decline auto builds as well. So that’s all factored into our guidance. And like I said we haven’t seen any deterioration in terms of our segments.
Michael Larsen: I think we’ve been running at four to five percentage points over market growth kind of rate and I think good expectation would be for us to be able to continue that.
Michael Larsen: The way we reported externally is we’ll give you the price cost metric and that has been favorable all year, every quarter by 10 basis points, twice ahead of cost. So that continues…I think at this point we still describe the material environment fairly benign. There is a couple of outliers for the overall. I think all businesses are doing a good job offsetting material price inflation with price. On the sourcing side, is the bigger contribution to the over 120 basis points of margin expansion. While we don’t break it out between sourcing, what I’ll tell you is that we were very encouraged by the progress that we’re seeing on the strategic sourcing side and you see in our variable margins or gross margins with 100 basis points improvement that we believe is sustainable. So I think we’d answer your question.
Michael Larsen: So we don’t break out the 120, so we don’t break it out, but like I said we are very encouraged by the positive momentum on the sourcing side and we expect that to continue.
Michael Larsen: No, I don’t you think how you would draw that conclusion, I mean we said that we were going to be opportunistic in terms of share repurchases in the second half of the year. We started out the third quarter with 500 million and in the fourth quarter we expect to spend at least another 500 million on the share repurchases. So there is no change in terms of our view of how attractive the share repurchases are and therefore we are continuing obviously.Joel Tiss – BMO Capital Markets: Thanks very much.
Michael Larsen: No, I mean there was nothing unusual in the quarter other than really solid execution and organic grows. To answer your question specifically, if you look at the 270 bases points of margin expansion in food equipment in the quarter, 150 of that came from the initiatives. So the work around at BSS and sourcing and a 120 bases point from the operating leverage on the organic growth. But really I guess Scott described it very well in terms of performance of that business and we think it’s very sustainable on the go forward basis.
Michael Larsen: I would expect us to continue to be favorable on the price cost side of things and so saw 10 bases points in this quarter and it’s probably going to be in that range for the fourth quarter but you know as these businesses know are working to become more and more differentiated and in terms of adding value to the customers you obviously going to have more leverage for a pricing standpoint so but I wouldn’t expect that just yet but nothings really change in terms of ability to continue to get price in all of our businesses to offset the cost.
Michael Larsen: I think the way I’d answer your question David is that look at ITW historically excluding initiatives have been in the 30% 35% range. And when we’re done with the initiatives, we’d expect to be at the high end of that if not for better, but we still have a lot of work going on margin expansion to come from these initiatives in ‘16 and beyond. I can’t at this point – all right I don’t want to give you at this point an incremental margin sums up of 2015 this will be part of when we get all together we’ll be able to give you our best view at that point.
John Brooklier: Thanks, Michael. So now I’ll open the call for your questions so please be brief to allow more people the opportunity to ask a question. Remember one question and one follow up question. We’ll now open the call.
John Brooklier: Well I’ll just go back to what I said earlier which is oil and gas North America in the quarter was strong and also the general industrial part of our business and also the commercial part was certainly much stronger year on year than we’ve seen past prior quarters. But I’ll also reference to what Michael just talked about the pickups are largely for us and the equipment area and from the CapEx standpoint I think it’s been a couple of quarters now improving demand rates in the CapEx area but I don’t think that we’re ready to call any big inflexion point we’d like to see it sustain itself around the couple of quarters.Walter Liptak – Global Hunter Securities: Does it seem like a pickup in the welding distribution channel or is it direct to…
John Brooklier: The commercial business is what we talk about general industrial and commercial we’re talking about sort of about more fragmented part of the market most of that has access through distribution channel. I assume that the pickup in the channel the sales through the channel are function of increased demand from their end customers.Walter Liptak – Global Hunter Securities: Yeah, of course. Thank you.
John Brooklier: Thanks everyone for joining us on today’s call and we look forward to talking to all of you again. Thank you.
Scott Santi: Well if you’re referring to the product line simplification work the way I would describe it as sort of the next level down of our portfolio strategy and really what we’re doing there is weeding out relatively small volume product lines that add complexity, but don’t really drive a lot of impact and/or product lines where we don’t have the sort of level of differentiation that we’re ultimately looking to build the company around. So lower profit, certainly lower volume product lines. And that’s going on all over the business. So even automotive that’s got the best growth rate it’s got pretty healthy product line simplification agenda underway.
Scott Santi: Yeah I think what I would say of I think we’re very happy with the equipment sales increases in the quarter. The one in Europe certainly stands out from my standpoint where we’re plus 8% internationally overall, part of that is certainly some progress we’re making around in acquisition because last year on China, but also the core European business was actually relatively healthy given a lot of the gloom and doom in terms of the overall economic situation there. I would say overall, we’re not seeing a ton of market lifts, probably things in North America will get better but largely these numbers are driven by new product activity.
Scott Santi: Yeah sure. Again, we can comment on what we’re seeing in our businesses and we had obviously a good quarter in Europe and a good September when we haven’t seen signs of slowdown in Europe. I mean we were encouraged to see automotive up 9% really continue to build on strong penetration gains in that business. Test and measurement and electronics had a good year all around and were up in Europe. We just talked about food equipment up 6% and then welding, polymers and fluids and construction you’re probably seeing a little bit more product line certification in those businesses but overall Europe for us 3% we’re pleased and we have not seen a slowdown in Europe.
Scott Santi: The way we characterize our construction business North America it’s been bouncing around quarter to quarter it’s up a little down a little and I think we’re still waiting for some traction overall. There is a fair amount of good progress we’re making inside the business on the margin front, but from an overall demand standpoint I think we’re still not seeing any consistent trends whether it’s commercial construction activity.
Scott Santi: Yes. So, on your first question Jamie we didn’t see any of our businesses slow down as we went through the quarter. We are – if you look at the comps on a year over year basis had that made drive some of would be referring to but generally there was solid strength as we went through the quarter there. Although it’s little early to comment but we haven’t seen anything unusual that’s inconsistent with what we were expecting and what’s including in our guidance today. Now that said, I mean we are obviously we are aware of the headlines and what other companies are reporting so we continue to monitor what’s going inside our businesses and the order rates that we’re seeing. In terms of tests and measurements, they had a good year really if you go back to first quarter second quarter backlog activity particularly in the Instron business has been excellent. And we’re encouraged by what we’re seeing now keep in mind that, that business was up 8% organically in the fourth quarter last year so the comps are going to be a little bit more challenging here in the fourth quarter. But in terms of seeing a sustained pick up in CapEx cycle, probably a little too soon to call that but we say that we’re encouraged but what we saw in the second quarter in test and measurement then obviously we’re not seeing anything that would suggest that there is a slowdown in those businesses.
Scott Santi: Well I think the way that I would answer that Ajay is that we’re in the end of year two of five year plan that we’ve set along that we’re expecting fairly comparable improvements year by year as we go through the plan. I think a couple of years in we have some better sort of thoughts and visibility on where we think we’re going to end up on ‘17 and build the December meeting around sharing some views on that with our investors.Ajay Kejriwal – FBR Capital Markets: Okay. Thank you.
Scott Santi: No, I think most of its really I would describe as in terms of impact at this magnitude I would describe it as a onetime event. This is really about reshaping the portfolio. So we did it at the macro level in terms of the divestitures and refocusing the company. What’s going on now is really about driving that same principle down to operating businesses. So it’s existing product lines that don’t carry the level of differentiation that we think are appropriate for a strategy or exiting volume product lines in the scale of divisions. So this is much more of a onetime even over a six or eight quarter period of thoughtful, repositioning and refocusing of our portfolio. We need to go through it.John Inch – Bank of America/Merrill Lynch: Now that makes sense. Just also the kind of [inaudible] is, in theory you would say POS adds beyond 15 and we get a one point boost, but shouldn’t you in theory get more than one point because less distractions spread over, less robust product lines with the terminology.
Scott Santi: Like I said, we expect all of our businesses to continue to improve every year and just add to that, that some businesses are little further along than may be others. So if you look at the welding business which was in the enterprise initiatives may be a little bit more for the long run and the enterprise strategy and the ability to now focus on organic growth versus some of the initiatives. But overall, I think we’ve said before that we expect all of our businesses to reach 20% plus over time and like I said, we expect all of our business to continue to improve every quarter, every year.
Scott Santi: The restructuring basically follows our BSS initiatives which you know particular event based on end market conditions and in terms of we’ve deploying that spending over the last couple of years. From an auto perspective I think we are certainly in a position to absorb some modest slowdown in the end market. We have in terms of the penetration games that we have been delivering for the last 8 to 12 quarters now, one target for business where we have three years of essentially visibility in terms of new programs that we’ve got. We’ve got a pretty good pipeline of new content coming in and certainly tailwind is better than headwind. But can be still operated and generate some organic growth even if the market slows down or flattens out on our site, I think we are in a really good position to do that.
Scott Santi: I think we would plan to spend some time on that in December if we can defer that answer that question of Joel in December. I think as Michael said before we’d like to be able to talk about that with all of you on our investors in a way that’s more comprehensive than a quick answer.Joel Tiss – BMO Capital Markets: So it’s not too early like that was the other part of the question, it’s not too early for you guys to start thinking of acquisition? There is a lot of stuff on your plate obviously but.
Scott Santi: I think where we are and we’ve done a lot of thinking about this really the most important decision that we make for the company and our shareholders of what we business we should be in. And geography is in our view kind of second condition to sort of our thinking around what business we should be in. If you look across the portfolio that we’ve assembled we’ve got $2 billion plus businesses highly differentiated in terms of the things they do for their customers. $2 billion business customers. Lots of room to move.
Unidentified Analyst: I’m doing well. Just on Europe, you saw some acceleration to plus 3% from I think, plus 1 last quarter. And I know some of this seems to be somewhat specific to ITW with strength in food equipment and auto, but just curious if you guys view is it possible that Europe may be a little more stable than some feared and things have not slowed down as much as it seems may be if you just give a little bit more color on that market.
Unidentified Analyst: Thank you. Good morning everyone and welcome Erin. My first question is, thinking about the enterprise initiatives and the 100 basis points in benefits that you’re expecting to see in the out years. I mean is it fair to say that you’re going to see disproportionate amount from the segments today that are below the 20% threshold because as we exit ‘14, you’re probably going to see at least four of your segments above the 20% range. Just curious how you’re thinking about it.
Unidentified Analyst: Hi good morning. I would want to maybe come back to the food equipment again I mean the incremental margins in that business significant acceleration there. I mean certainly you talked about new products, can you just help me understand how much of the margin expansion was kind of volume related versus new product introductions? And then should we start thinking about this business being kind of a 20% to 25% margin business kind of going forward or was there anything of one timish in that quarter that is unlikely to repeat.
