Scott Santi: Thanks, Aaron and good morning. Overall, a solid start to the year for the company as we delivered earnings per share at $1.21, an increase of 20% over the last year and $0.04 higher than the midpoint of our forecast. And that was despite an additional $0.03 of currency headwind versus where rates were when we issued our Q1 guidance on January 27. In the quarter we were able to deliver stronger performance despite a challenging macro environment. We continued to focus on executing and the things that are within our control and our business teams around the world continuing to do a very good job of doing just that, as evidenced by the 220 basis point operating margin improvement that they delivered in the quarter.  Q1 operating margin of 20.9% matched the all-time record high for the company set in Q3 of last year. Enterprise strategy initiatives, good tactical cost management and favourable mix as a result of our product line simplification program drove the bulk of the margin increase. Organic revenue growth for the quarter was 2% gross, 1% net including the impact of the product line simplification. This was below our 2% to 3% forecast as weaker capital spending generally and the oil and gas sector specifically resulted in modest year-on-year revenue declines in our welding test and measurement in electronics and specialty product segments. Despite the current macro challenges we are continuing to invest aggressively in support of our strategy to position ITW to deliver solid organic growth with world class margins and returns on capital.  In the quarter we invested more than $150 million in capital expenditures restructuring and innovation programs. As you likely saw on our press release, we are taking our full year EPS forecast down by $0.15 to reflect foreign exchange rates. At the new midpoint of 510, full year EPS growth is 9% despite a translation impact of $0.40 negative. On a constant currency basis 15 EPS gross would be 18%; so overall a strong start for the year in a challenging environment. ITW is well positioned for another year of progress in 2015 and we remain solidly on track. The meter exceed our 2017 performance goals.  I'll now turn the call over to Michael.
Scott Santi: I think actually surely not in for the equipment. So I think it's more for the industrial CapEx the food equipment business is much more tied to the consumer end the economy. They continue they saw there was else in the quarter continue to accelerate. There are also reaching a place from the stand point of their work through the enterprise initiative where they are how we focused on driving organic and I think you are seeing some of that progress show up. So I think we're again talking about test the measurement specialty in terms of more generalized CapEx spending softness and welding in particular which related to oil and gas.
Scott Santi: And what I would add to that is go back to what Michael said before the comps move around, so we were plus 5 last year in Q1 and plus 1 in Q2.
Scott Santi: And then I would just add a comment on Europe. I mean I think you’re right we did turned positive in the first quarter and a lot of positive momentum in certain regions particularly in the UK where we have a strong position. And then our upstate as you’d expect by regions in some of the other parts of Europe maybe France, but overall good progress on margins as well on the construction side.
Scott Santi: Yes so I think on price really nothing unusual in terms of our ability to realize price increases as well as announce according to the schedule we’ve set out, so nothing has really changed on the price side. On the potential savings from the lower oil prices on the direct material side and also on the indirect transportation cost I think our business teams are working on it really hard. We saw little bit of benefit here in Q1 particularly in chemicals and resins, but I think it may take a little bit of time to fully play itself out here and so little too early to call what this maybe for the year but we did 20 basis points in the first quarter that’s our assumption for the balance of the year and in line with what we’ve seen over the last three quarters or four quarters or so. So no change, optimistic and we’ll get more on the deflation side, but little too soon to call out a number at this point.
Scott Santi: I think we are well set up there, as you describe that the automotive business. What we are selling today really across the world are is a function of penetration gains that we engineered and invented and sold in going back 2 and 3 years. So I think the run rate is really solid running going through rest of this year, the pipeline is terrific in terms of future years and we continue to be very boyish and what we think we can do with this business long-term.
Scott Santi: I was there that better than the target leverage ratios we talked about earlier there is plenty of flexibility in there, opportunity come along.
Michael Larsen: Yes so John let me try to answer that, so the way we’ve modeled the rest of the year is based on current run-rates. And so based on what we’re seeing in terms of revenues and orders in our businesses today. So we’re not assuming that things improve from here or deteriorate from where we are today. The other point around the guide, the adjustment that we’ve made is $0.15 reduction just for currency. Here we are considering the lower organic growth rate but given the performance in the first quarter and the positive momentum on margins as well as a slight benefit from the lower share count we’re projecting that we’ll be able to offset those lower revenues with better margins, we’re guiding to 21% plus operating margin today which is an improvement from where we were in January and we’re getting a little bit of benefit from the accelerated share repurchase program in the first quarter.
Michael Larsen: Yes so John we’re in line with past factors, we’re not going to comment specifically on the timing of these share repurchases, but we’ve said before that our goal is to remain opportunistic as we go forward. I’d say in the first quarter the ability to access the foreign cash to the tune of about 1.1 billion is what helped fund the 1.6 billion of repurchase in the quarter which was essentially the guide that we’d given for the year. We expect to do approximately 2 billion for the year and the balance we’ll be opportunistic and we do not expect to increase leverage from here, certainly not to achieve the $2 billion. But as you know we have a strong balance sheet we generate a lot of cash with the ITW business model and given the diversity of our businesses, and so certainly we are open. But given what we’re seeing today we’re not expecting to increase our target leverage ratio beyond the 2.2 to 2.3 which is where we are right now. And we would like to be more opportunistic as we go forward for the balance of the year on the share repurchases.
Michael Larsen: So our tax rate for the quarter at 31% as well as for the year we’re still guiding to 30% to 31%, so we were able to do this in an efficient manner from a tax standpoint.
Michael Larsen: I think we saw certainly soften up a bit in the quarter. I don't think it was anything overly dramatic but if you look at test to measurement and specialty in particular I think welding was largely impacted by oil and gas, there was other two segments. What I would say is in general we saw customers become a little bit more tentative about moving forward on capital expenditures again nothing overly dramatic, nothing that we can't we don't think we can power through, we go through the air, but right now the environment is certainly little choppy than it was as we ended the year.
Michael Larsen: We didn't hint in the share gains but sales were up 7% in the quarter in North America through a combination of as I said some continued 7% -- with the equipment are 10. Equipment up 10. overall up 7, thank you Michael and combination of continued mid product pipeline things in the market as well as a reaching the position they said earlier where they are much there in a position that really focus on driving organic.
Michael Larsen: I think in general that was pretty flat through the quarter. Actually, no better or no worse in terms of January, February, or March. Right, I think this quarter was pretty—the challenges we are talking about on the capital equipment side in oil & gas showed up fairly early in the quarter and we were able to take some cost actions here as we prepare for not just the quarter but for the rest of year. But you can't certainly the price that didn't accelerate in the quarter and didn't improve in the meaningful way from the run rate that we saw earlier on.
Michael Larsen: You broke up a little bit. But I think this we saw the same trends essentially in Europe. Europe was a little bit weaker on the equipment side down slightly. But I think again the comps were pretty challenging. Europe was up 5% in the first quarter last year. So would be too much into that at this time. But also Europe, Asia-Pacific was really consistent as we went through the quarter.
Michael Larsen: We are sequentially, we historically we typically see an increase through the seasonality from Q1 to Q2. If you look year-over-year, we are guiding to 1% to 2% which is a little bit higher than what we saw here in the first quarter, but not significantly higher. Maybe the other way that was kind of what you’re trying to get at is if you look at our EPS for the year this positions us at the first half earnings per share at about 48% of the year and 52% in the back end of the year so not a back-end loaded plan and very consistent with what we’ve been able to deliver historically. So again we’re not counting on acceleration here in terms of organic growth other than what we typically see, we’d love to see one. We’d love to take one, we’d certainly take it, we’re ready if it comes, but typically Q2 represents an improvement from Q1 on the top-line.
Michael Larsen: Yes no I think nothing fundamentally is really changing other than this is the toughest quarter from a currency standpoint, so if you look at the impact from currency on revenues and margins as well as EPS, Q2 is the bulk of it. When you translate this into earnings per share we have $0.15 of headwind here in the – 10 in the first quarter, 15 in the second quarter and then the balance 15 remaining for the second half of the year for a total of 40, so that’s really what’s driving the outlook here for the second quarter.
Michael Larsen: Actually on operating margins the things that are within our control I think the teams continue to do a really good job and we expect as we said a 100 basis points from the initiatives in the second quarter which is in line with the first quarter and in line with our expectations for the year if anything on the more technical cost management if you like so responding to what we’re seeing in some of the equipment businesses I think we’re doing a better job maybe on the discretionary cost side but I also think it’s important to point out that we’re not reducing our investment in terms of new products and restructuring and CapEx so we’re continuing to move forward with those investment plans. So it’s really I wouldn’t say that we are performing at any different on the margin side in the second quarter and the balance of the year than we have in the past and certainly if anything the progress we’ve made so far on margin expansion and we showed you the data for the last two years gives us a lot of confidence in our ability to deliver the 23% target for 2017 so continued progress and driven by strong execution by the business teams that are focused on the things that are within our control so….
Michael Larsen: Yes I think overall this has been certainly what we’re seeing over the last let’s say three quarters or four quarters there’s been kind of an up and down track record both geographically and also in terms of residential versus commercial versus remodel and I think first quarter overall was pretty good. We continue to be very focused on margin improvement in construction but I think what I would say and I swore we won’t going to talk about the weather but given some of the weather in North America I think Q1 was actually a pretty solid quarter for our construction business and hopefully it sets up for some continued progress in terms of overall market demand as we move through the year.
Michael Larsen: Yes so like I said we’re -- given our business model and given our balance sheet and how much cash we generate, the current leverage ratio of about 2.2 times on a gross basis. We enjoy a solid credit rating [indiscernible] A, 2A plus, it gives actually as to credit markets on very favourable terms so we’re very comfortable with our current leverage ratio we’re not looking to go any higher from where we are today.  The decision on what to do with available cash flow is we really go through a thought process that’s in line with the capital allocation framework that we’ve discussed on several occasions, so our number one priority which consumes about 25% of our total cash flow is to invest in the business for organic growth and for productivity so this is new products restructuring CapEx and we spend more than $150 million on that in the first quarter.  We’re committed to [indiscernible] an attractive dividend and so our dividend yield is competitive or in the 2% range at this point, that’s approximately 25% of our total cash flows and so that leaves the balance which is a pretty big number for external investments and there are still acquisitions which we’d love to do under the right conditions. We’ve talked about what those are in the past and or share repurchases and some combination thereof and the decision is really made based on where we can get the best risk adjusted returns. And if you look at our share repurchase program over a long period of time we generate 12% to 13% returns with very low risk and given the visibility that we have into the performance of the company and given what we think overtime, we’ll be able to deliver in terms of total shareholder returns and so that’s really what drives that decision we committed in December to approximately 1.5 billion and we were able to do that a little bit sooner because we were able to access some of this overseas cash and we'll continue to look at opportunities to do that. We are saying approximately 2 billion for the year and let's see how it plays out and we'll keep you posted on the earnings call as we go forward.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I mean we don't get too fancy in trying to forecast too much. Like we said we were doing current run rate basis and so if in the first quarter we were down 30% we expect that to continue throughout the year, maybe a little bit better in the second half of the year in terms of the declines on the year-over-year basis. But not really counting on things getting a lot better or deteriorating significantly from here, I think the 30% decrease is pretty significant and maybe a little bit of reaction to the changing environment on the oil & gas side and I might just that following a very strong fourth quarter in that business and so fairly maybe a little bit faster we action than what we expected and a little bit more than maybe expected. But this is our assumption for the rest of the year that this run rate will continue.
Michael Larsen: Yes, on the commercial side we continue to see solid demand which in North American was enough to offset the decline in oil & gas.
Michael Larsen: The difference in the percentage is largely because most of our international sales in welding and oil & gas related. They are much more balanced portfolio in terms of their market exposure in North America. Participating in the same parts of the industry overall.
Michael Larsen: Correct. We just like to higher concentration of our international welding in international welding revenues are tied oil & gas.
Michael Larsen: I don't think there is much risk. Our part of let's go to our methodology is for 98% of our loving product portfolio, our customers ordered today and we ship them tomorrow. So in terms of their sort of reaction to the current market environment and the changes that has in terms of the demand back to us, I think it's a pretty efficient system. So I don't think we're seeing much risk around inventory build.
Michael Larsen: I think we are we talked about this before and lot of the work that we've done over the last 2 years plus is really about positioning ourselves internally totally drive and focus in a very efficient way and organic growth. So in terms of the organizational structure of the company in terms of product line simplification work we're doing right now that's largely about cleaning the clutter out and eliminating the distractions associated with product positions that are either not as differentiated as we want to focus on are ultimately too small to matter.  So I would point to automotive and food equipment as the businesses that further down the path. I think the welding business certainly met up some of the current challenges in oil & gas is very well positioned. That's been a business that's growing organically at 9% plus for us since the mid 90's when we got in the business. So certainly we expect that one to start to accelerate as we go forward and then all of the others are at various stages on the path in terms of the [indiscernible] work needed to focus on driving organic. Constructions continue to make progress, build some big restructuring going on in Europe there, polymers and fluids was probably the most fragment that complex structure where I think getting to the back side of what they use to do really get in position to drive organic growth. So I think come a long as we've talked before this is the transition year, 16 to POS impact starts to drop considerably and I think we are in a position to but having in the next year. That's the plan.
Michael Larsen: Hey, Steve. Could you re-ask that question? You dropped out in the middle of it and I just want to make sure we hear your question properly to answer it properly.
Michael Larsen: Nothing is really, I think we're pretty clear in our December Investor Day meeting around where we see M&A fitting in terms of our overall enterprise strategy largely focused on building on businesses to our existing segments that we think can either help, support or further accelerate the organic growth rates. No magic from the side standpoint but certainly something that's comfortably in a $100 to $500 million range, in that regard. So ultimately that's opportunistic. We will access those opportunities as we find M&A come available to us. We are certainly focused right now on getting this product to organic growth firmly in place. So from the standpoint of pipeline it's we got a few things out there that are absolutely fits that we are working in terms of both answers to some of our existing businesses. But I don't expect that particularly robust from the standpoint of overall deals done.
Michael Larsen: I don't think there is any change in past year or aggressive it's ultimately about how does it fit, how does it help us do what I just described and once we really not going to react on a short term basis. This is as we've laid out a 5 year plan to position the company to generate 12% to 14% TSR on a consistent basis and the big [indiscernible] is really driven by an organic finance. So that remains our focus right now. This is also 5 year plan, not a 5 quarter plan. It's all about positioning the company coming out of 2017 could be able to perform like we think again and so we're focused on making that happen and we made a lot of progress and you are kind of note that we've got lot more work to do to get where we think we can get over the next 2.5 years.
Michael Larsen: I think the impact and export competitiveness is in my view probably driving some of the softness in CapEx particularly obviously in North America. I think there are some shifts and some adjustments that our customers are making around how this change in relative currency rates are impacting their competitiveness from an expert standpoint. So I think if they are sorting out what is likely to happen to whatever business they are exporting from North America given this change in structure geographic competitiveness. I think that's in large part driving some of the softness around CapEx.
Michael Larsen: I think as we go back to TNM probably little bit on the industrial side of welding in our specialty business where which is the equipment that was largely packaging or maybe the packaging equipment.
Michael Larsen: I think I'll go back to what I said earlier is that these are long term decisions that we make and they are really based on highly disciplined approach and being very returns focused. This share repurchase program has been a terrific program for the company and certainly for the shareholders. The alternative which is holding under the cash as you know is not very attractive today and certainly relative to the share repurchase program given our recent performance and given where we believe the company is headed which we've been very public about in terms of the goals and we rate out for 2017 and beyond. We are confident that this continues to be a great way for us to allocate capital and so we're committed to the share repurchase program and we expected to continue be an active program going forward.
Michael Larsen: I think we look at all the options and we have not in the past done special dividends. But we'll certainly continue to look at all the options.
Michael Larsen: I think the question was wrong and then correct me if I'm wrong. Either BSS or PLS headwinds I'm not, can you just let me…
Michael Larsen: I think the game plan, there is a lot of planning around this as we've got a full year of TLS activity in 2015, it's going to represent a 1% headwind to our organic growth rate. We are not in the 16 planning but magnitude it probably drops up by half in '16 and then fully done in '17 and beyond. This is a pretty big one time event it really is linked to our portfolio strategy. So we did a lot of work. At the front of the strategy around really building the portfolio that can sort of deliver this organic growth front end that we've talked about. So 30 businesses, the best that we've 3.5 billion of revenue. This is really stage 2 of that which is now working inside all of our divisions to basically take the same approach from a product line standpoint. So we're not pruning product lines that don't need our differentiation standards or that are too small to ultimately matter. So that's this is sort of phase two of portfolio management. But we work really hard on the last year, we can work hard on this year. I think we're going to start to truly get on top of it and it will be a lesser issue certainly in '16 and should be fully completed by '17.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. Oil and gas in North America was down at the rate we talked about earlier in the 30% range and from a pricing standpoint, we are not really planning that space and that's we're big enough sort of component of what they are having to buy. We're not really seeing a lot of pricing pressure, it's more a big slow down in actually the project work their that's impacting their demand for welding products.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think largely inline. The business was flat. We'll see how that plays out in the second quarter depending on whether remodel was up 3 and commercial was up 2 to 3 in North America. So reasonable better growth there, but I'll tell you largely inline with expectation.
Michael Larsen: Great, thank you all for joining us this morning. We appreciate that very much and we look forward to speak with everyone again soon.
