Aaron H. Hoffman: Thanks, Anna. Good morning and welcome to ITW's third quarter 2015 conference call. Joining me this morning are our CEO, Scott Santi; and our CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we will discuss our third quarter financial results, and update you on our earnings forecast. Before we get to the results, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecast for the 2015 fourth quarter and full year, as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 2014 Form 10-K and second quarter 2015 Form 10-Q for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures. A reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. And with that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Aaron H. Hoffman: Thanks, Michael. We'll now open the call to your questions. Please be brief so as to allow more people the opportunity to ask a question. And also please remember, one question and one follow-up question only.
Aaron H. Hoffman: Great. And that concludes our time right at the top of the hour today. Thanks everyone for joining us. And we'll look forward to talking to you all real soon. Have a great day.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, so I think, Joe. So we're not going to get real specific in terms of guidance for 2016 as you would expect. The 100 basis points of margin improvement from Enterprise Initiatives is really independent of volume, so we would expect to get that even if revenues continue to be down in the 2% to 3% range. And I think you saw again this quarter that the decremental margins, which you would apply to those 2% to 3% revenue were once again really good in the quarter in that 30% range, so that's how I would think about it in the scenario you just laid out.
Michael M. Larsen: No, Joe, our view hasn't changed. I mean, historically, we've outperformed auto build to the tune to 400 basis points to 500 basis points, which we did again at the global level. What you're not seeing in the numbers in North America is that we actually have 300 basis points of product line simplification, so this is revenue that came out. If you add that back in, we outperformed auto builds by 300 basis points in North America. In China, what you're seeing is that about two-thirds of our business in China is with the global auto OEMs, and that's where we have significantly higher content. And their builds were down about 15% in the quarter, but our business was only down 5%. And so we continued to outperform to the tune of about 500 basis points in terms of continued penetration gains in the quarter.
Michael M. Larsen: And I would just add, Joe, that the other thing, and Scott talked about this, that we expect our product line simplification activities to moderate, really beginning in 2016. And so, that reduced organic growth rate by 1 percentage point and that will be less of a headwind on organic growth next year.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, I would just add if you look at the revenue numbers and the double-digit declines in Welding and Test & Measurement/Electronics this quarter, I mean, that is typically what we would expect to see in a recessionary environment. So I would just say what Scott said, it's hard to see that we continue to deteriorate much further from where we are right now.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, thank you. I mean, I think the Construction team has been working for the last two and a half years on implementing BSS in Sourcing and you're seeing some terrific progress. If you had told that team two years ago margins are going to be solidly in the low to mid 20%s, I think everybody would have signed up for those types of margins. So just on Construction, specifically, what you saw in the quarter, North America, up 7%, really led by renovation/remodel, up double-digit. So again, back to the consumer-oriented, consumer-facing businesses, residential was flat to down slightly in the quarter, and commercial was up slightly; but really the big driver here was on the renovation and remodel side. And just quickly globally, Europe, the focus there is still very much on restructuring; so quite a bit of PLS, again, in the quarter. France was actually positive. You don't hear those two words combined too often, France and growth; but France was positive. And then, in Asia Pacific, Australia, another really solid performance, up 5% in the Construction business.
Michael M. Larsen: I think, Mig, if you go back to the last earnings call, I think we showed the progress on margins since we started the Enterprise Strategy, and there really are no laggards here. I mean, we've made substantial improvement across all of our businesses. What you saw this quarter was a little bit of an anomaly with some volume pressure leading to lower margins in three of our businesses. But if you look at – underlying that, there's still 100 basis points of margin expansion from the kind of the self-help from the Enterprise Initiatives in those businesses. And we would expect that to continue. Obviously, volume helps, but we're not counting on it and we feel good about still having another 100 basis points of margin expansion across the company in 2016 and 2017. And I'll just point out, this quarter, 180 basis points of margin expansion with more than half, 110 basis points of that, coming from things that are largely within our own control. So we would expect all of our businesses, Mig, to continue to make progress over the next two years here, just the way we had planned it out when we embarked on the Enterprise Strategy three years ago.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, so Mig, nothing unusual in terms of the cadence through the quarter. So we didn't see trends deteriorate or improve. I think if you look at Welding down 10% in the quarter, about half of that decline came from oil and gas. About 4 points of that came from the industrial side, so that's where you'll pick up heavy equipment, some of the mining, agriculture. And then the commercial business actually held in there, down 1 percentage point out of the 10%. So nothing surprising and very consistent with what you're hearing across the board. I will just point out that – and I made the point in the script, that two-thirds of our business is equipment, because that's where 80/20 will tell you, that's where the margins are. It's a much more differentiated product. And so when you are in this part of the CapEx cycle, you will see, at least in the near term, some larger declines on the equipment side than on the consumable side. But I think if you look then at the margin performance of Welding again, in the quarter and year-to-date, it really shows why we're focused on the equipment side. But you will see some different growth trends in consumables versus the equipment side. So I just wanted to point that out.
Michael M. Larsen: So, it's about a third of the business and consumables were flat in North America, down slightly outside of the U.S. and Asia Pacific and Europe.
Michael M. Larsen: It's really all of the above. A big part of it is currency, but also a continued impact from Enterprise Initiatives and then just discretionary cost management are the main drivers here.
Michael M. Larsen: Unanimous. No, I mean, I think PLS certainly has contributed in terms of improving the margins of the portfolio...
Michael M. Larsen: And we take out the lower margin product lines and all the costs associated with that, so it helped. but as PLS moderates, it doesn't impact margins in a significant way.
Michael M. Larsen: I don't know if I could say, Joel, that things have changed in terms of pricing. If I can just make a broader comment on capital allocation, I think as you saw this quarter, this business model generates a significant amount of free cash flow and we have a strong balance sheet and we continue to be very disciplined. Our priority number one is invest in our businesses for growth and productivity, and we're doing that in a significant way. We raised – the board raised the dividend, 13% this quarter and then the balance, which is a significant number, is available for external investments, acquisitions, and/or share repurchases. And our view of acquisitions has not changed from what we laid out at the investor day a year ago. They still play an important role. I would just make a comment that we're looking at a number of things, nothing imminent on the acquisition front and we'll continue to keep you posted on that as we go forward.
Michael M. Larsen: No, I think, Andy, it really is in terms of our ability to maintain and get price, nothing has changed. I think on the cost side, we're starting to see a little bit of favorability on the material costs side, as well as in resins and in metals. And some of that gets passed on to the customer, but some of that is flowing through. And we've been very steady in terms of 20 basis points, I think, every quarter this year, and we would expect to be able to maintain that going forward.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, definitely. I mean I think you look at the decremental margins in some of our businesses that were down this quarter, and the really strong performance out of Welding, I think that suggests that as we go through this Enterprise Strategy, we have a really high-quality, highly differentiated, diverse business portfolio, and I would argue we are as well positioned if not better than ever before in the event of a more significant downturn or even a recession.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes, so why don't I do the price/cost and maybe Scott, if you want to comment on the M&A question. I think what we're seeing including in Food Equipment, that a big driver of price here is the ability to launch new products that solve some challenging problems for some pretty sophisticated customers, and I think you're seeing that certainly in Food Equipment. You're seeing it in Welding, you're seeing it in Automotive across the portfolio. So that's really more a driver than anything else. I'd say across the portfolio, really good performance from a price standpoint, and nothing unusual in the quarter. And then maybe, Scott, on the M&A side.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, I think, Steve (sic) [Dave], I'll go back to what we said earlier is that, as you pointed out, this is a company and a business model that generates a lot of cash. I think we are very comfortable with our current leverage at 2.3 times debt to EBITDA. It supports a really strong top-tier credit rating; gives us access to credit at very favorable terms under current conditions. And it still gives us some flexibility in terms of being opportunistic around the things we talked about, which is M&A as well as share repurchases, which obviously we've leaned in to quite a bit, as you mentioned. So I think we're certainly not nervous when we run these scenarios in terms of what a recession might look like and the performance of the company. As you know, we generate even more cash flow in a downturn, and so we feel very good about where we're at in any scenario here with our current capital structure. And going forward, as we said earlier, we'll continue to be very disciplined in terms of capital allocation.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, okay. I mean, I think, as you see – what will certainly happen, if you look at our overall debt levels will continue to go up as our EBITDA grows, right, if that's what you're trying to get at. And so, we're very comfortable with that and at this point we don't have any plans to, here in the third quarter, change the way we think about our capital structure and that we're comfortable with the leverage we have on a gross and on a net basis. And we review it frequently and, if things change, we'll certainly keep you updated on that; but for now, I wouldn't expect any significant changes.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah so I think if you go to, well, the last page, the appendix page in the earnings slides, you'll see that we lay it out for each one of our seven businesses, and also at the total ITW level. And so you can see there, Test & Measurement/Electronics, 410 basis points, and then the other significant one due to recent acquisitions is Polymers & Fluids. So if you add that back, that's 490 basis points. And at the ITW level, there's 180 basis points here of non-cash charges included in the operating margin of 22.7%. Over time, as we amortize the intangibles, that will go down. Q4 will be a lot like Q3, but over time, over a longer period of time, you would expect that impact to continue to go down, as it has done this year. So that's a good way of looking at it.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, I think Scott gave you kind of the broader view of that. I would just – tying it back to the guidance, I mean, as you know, we assume current demand levels with some adjustment for seasonality, so we're not expecting, in the near term, a pickup in the CapEx cycle. On the other hand, we're also not expecting it to further deteriorate, from – when we look at current revenue per day inside these businesses, that's what we're using to project forward, so hopefully that answers your question. Now, I will just make the point that since you asked about Test & Measurement, that business was up 5% in the year ago quarter, and the comparisons get a lot easier here in the fourth quarter, so you wouldn't expect as steep a decline in Q4 as you saw in the third quarter for Test & Measurement and Electronics.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, so the guidance change for Q4 is pretty straightforward. So it's basically when we update the revenue for the current demand levels, that leads to a lower revenue number, and applying a decremental margin to those revenues leads to $0.08 of EPS impact, and so if you look at the...
Michael M. Larsen: No, that's broad based across the business. Every business we look at it the same way and then at the enterprise level, it adds up to a lower organic growth rate, and then with the decremental margin on that, that's the $0.08. So that's really the only change here. As you'll see, currency gets a little bit easier here in Q4 and then hopefully next year, we won't have as much headwind on currency next year. Certainly at current rates, that's the case, and so that will help out next year. But again, we're not ready to talk about demand in 2016 and organic growth in 2016 yet. We'll have to save that for our Analyst Day in December.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, in the business where we go through distribution, we don't have a really good handle on inventory levels across our very fragmented customer base, and so I don't think I have a good answer for you on that one.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, there's really no significant difference. I mean, again back to what I said earlier with – the big driver of price here is new products that get launched that solve some pretty challenging problems for sophisticated customers, and then you see that – Food Equipment's a good example and Automotive and others. That's really the main driver of price here. And it's very similar trends across industrial-facing and consumer-facing businesses as we sit here today.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah, and what I would add in terms of just additional color on China is that given the sort of slowdown on build rates, what you see in the quarter is, as the OEMs lower order rates, you see a bit of a elevated level of the brakes coming on, which is sort of flowing through the supply lines and people adjusting to the lower build rate. So all in all, we were pretty happy with how we tracked in auto in the quarter in China, given all that was going on over there.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah, we will spend some more time on that in December, as we talked about, but I think in general, I actually feel really good about – Michael talked about we have 60% of the company, net of the PLS, is growing 5% this year-to-date, and it's a combination of starting to do the kind of work we're talking about. So, I think it's a real mixed bag, as you look at the diversity of the portfolio right now, primarily because of some real pressure on the CapEx side in Welding and Test & Measurement. I think if you sort of net that away, we're actually throwing up some pretty good progress in terms of organic in the other parts of the company. I think if – with a view that says oil and gas is probably not going to get a lot worse and may not recover for a while, but the negative goes away next year, we just hold those businesses where we are and we get the rest of the portfolio to continue to grow at the rates we're growing at, it may be accelerating a little bit. I think we're set up to certainly generate some incremental improvement next year.
Ernest Scott Santi: I actually think – going back to earlier in the year, I think the underlying demand trends have been pretty steady – had been down, so again, we're talking about – in oil and gas piece of it, we're talking about more broadly from the standpoint of what we're experiencing, a slowdown in CapEx investment, generally. I think currency has a lot to do with that, at least in North America. We haven't seen a lot of, let's say, things getting a lot worse over the last two quarters, two and a half quarters. I think things are sort of holding where they are at the bottom. They're certainly down a significant degree. Some of the change in the relative performance is a function more of the comps. We actually had two pretty strong quarters in those businesses in Q3 and (23:31). So we're not seeing a lot of what I would describe as further erosion, but a lot of sluggishness on the CapEx side.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah, we did not see any change in order rates in September relative to the overall quarter, and October it's a little too early to tell.
Ernest Scott Santi: Haven't heard anything. If there was something major going on already, we'd have heard about it, but...
Ernest Scott Santi: Well, I think the question relates again to our thinking around portfolio construction. I think the way we think about it is our most important job is to make great choices about owning and investing in businesses where this business model has great potential to generate long-term, sustainable competitive advantage, so we're not trying to think a lot harder beyond that. We own great businesses that really fit our business model. We generate great margins, great returns on capital. Those businesses then, based on the margin profile, are very resilient when they're under pressure. So, we have no targets in terms of industrial versus consumer. The 60/40 mix is today a function of the seven businesses that we obviously went through a very rigorous portfolio review, concluded that those seven are great fits with the portfolio strategy that I just talked about, it's 60/40 today in some respects, because of the declines in those industrial businesses, so that mix is probably more like 50/50 when it's normalized, but that's more a byproduct of the decision-making process than necessarily any specific target. So we're well balanced. I think if you look at the resilience in terms of the overall company and we're still growing earnings through a time when there's some real challenges and pressures out there. So there's some real strength in having the ability to select from a number of different industries that have different attributes. And then on the recurring revenue, I think we're very comfortable in businesses where we have great recurring revenues with the Food Equipment with service and equipment, but we also have other businesses where we're largely playing one side or the other. Automotive is an all consumable business. I think again, it goes back from our standpoint to the margin profile and how differentiated those businesses are, how well they fit our business model. And we have no sort of requirement around trying to mix recurring versus nonrecurring as much. So we want to be in industries where the products we make really do something meaningful for the customer and are areas where we can really do something unique and special for those customers.
Ernest Scott Santi: Well, they are – VW's a customer. It's a nice relationship. It is not a dominant relationship by any stretch, and any share loss there. We're pretty broad based among all the globals, so to the extent they have run into some – there's some things that happened as a result of what's going on right now, we're certainly well positioned to the extent other OEMs pick up any share that they lose. I think we're pretty agnostic, overall.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah, I think we still like the fundamentals a lot. We've talked about Welding in the past. That's a business that we've grown at right around 9% organic compounded since the early 1990s when we got into the business, and whether from here forward that's 7% instead of 9%, we'll see as we go forward; but I think we have a lot of conviction in the fundamentals there. And likewise on Test & Measurement, there's some positions we have there that are really tied to global manufacturing – in quality in global manufacturing that on a long-term basis we still believe very much have the potential to generate organic growth at or above the overall Enterprise target. So I think we're still very bullish on the long-term prospects in both. I think this currency – this short-term change in relative currency rates, as you would expect it, to the extent you're a U.S. manufacturer exporting any meaningful percentage of your output from your plant, either that's gone to Europe or you're worried about it going to Europe. So I think there's a lot of sort of logic around the fact that the spending environment right now is very sluggish. And I think, frankly, on the European side, there's enough surplus capacity over there where you're not seeing that investment pick up, yet, given the kind of recessionary environment they've been in for the last two years or three years. So all that will shake out over the next 12 months or 18 months, and I think we'll be certainly seeing much better performance from those two businesses. Both are – look at the margin profiles. You can barely differentiate it; great niches in great industries. So we'd love for them to be doing better right now, but we're certainly not any less enthusiastic about their fit and their ability to perform for us at a high level long term.
Ernest Scott Santi: Well, the answer to the first part is yes, and the answer to the second part is it's our business is outgrowing their underlying markets. So we've got, in the markets that we are operating in across all seven of our businesses, in every case, we think the fundamentals in terms of are they at least GDP growers at the market level? Absolutely. Some will certainly grow faster than others. But the real work is on the positioning that we've been doing the last couple of years to get in front of the highly differentiated pieces of these larger global end markets and position ourselves to really leverage these highly differentiated positions with additional penetration. So Auto's a good example, Food Equipment's a good example and also crank up the new product pipeline, which is what we've been in the process of doing for the last 12 months or 18 months. So we're going to generate that result more from us growing faster than the underlying markets that we're in, if that – hopefully I'm saying that clearly – than we're trying to pick markets that we think are going to grow faster than GDP.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah, I think that was a big part of our portfolio review going back to the beginning of this Enterprise Strategy is we wanted to be in – we didn't want to certainly be investing in markets where there was just fundamental pressure in terms of shrinking – pressures on the underlying markets. And I think across all seven businesses, we feel really good that we're in industries that have certainly some really solid long-term support in terms of growth rates of at least GDP. Some of them may be a little bit better over time. And then our job is to grow faster than the underlying market growth rates.
Ernest Scott Santi: I don't think so. I think ultimately right now, we're going through the year-on-year comps, the underlying demand rates, if you break it down to kind of daily average order rates, even in the industrial businesses have been relatively steady now for two and a half quarters. So I think, at a minimum, we take – next year, we take the negative away of the contraction. We're not necessarily seeing anything yet that's saying it's going to start to turn the other way. But certainly the declines this year, and Michael talked about even we're running into some comps in the Q3 and Q4 where we actually had pretty good performance in those businesses last year on a relative basis, that is on a year-on-year percentage comparison probably making it look like it's getting worse, but underlying the demand has been pretty flat. So I think things seem to be holding pretty steady right now, and as we move into next year, the comp issue goes away and if nothing else, if we're flat instead of down 10% in the industrials, obviously that's a net positive and we keep the commercial side going. There's another, as Michael said earlier, 60% of the company growing at right around 5% gross. And then we get at least 0.5 point pickup from the decline in product line simplification. So I think if things hold where they are, we're in a pretty good spot to start to see some positive movement on the top line next year, organically.
Ernest Scott Santi: We had a bit of an industrial accident. Could you repeat the – we missed the second half of your question. Sorry.
