Scott Santi: Thanks, Karen, and good morning, everyone. Greetings from the epicenter of the polar vortex. In the fourth quarter, the ITW team delivered solid earnings growth and margin expansion. Fourth quarter EPS was in line with the midpoint of our guidance and increased 8%, 10% excluding currency with operating margin up 70 basis points to 24%, and after-tax return on invested capital up 320 basis points to over 27%. For the full-year, the ITW team delivered high-quality earnings growth of 15%, record operating income, record operating margin, and record return on invested capital. Free cash flow was up 10%, and we invested over $600 million in our businesses for growth and productivity. In addition, we returned more than $3 billion to shareholders in the form of dividends and share repurchases. Throughout 2018, we continue to make significant progress on the execution of our enterprise strategy, as evidenced by 110 basis points of margin improvement from our Enterprise Initiatives over the course of the year. We made really good progress on organic growth acceleration in better than half of our operating divisions. As we discussed in our Investor Day back in December, our focus now is on getting the other 36 of our divisions that are not yet growing to their potential, moving more briskly down that path. And it's a major focus for us in the next couple of years. There's no doubt that 2018 had its challenges, raw material cost inflation, tariff uncertainties, decelerating auto production and currency headwinds in the back half of the year. Our ability to power through these challenges and deliver another year of record results, as evidence of the performance power of the ITW business model and the resilience of our high-quality diversified business portfolio. As we head into 2019, I'm confident that we are well positioned to deliver another year of meaningful progress down the path to ITW's full potential and to our 2023 performance goal. Before I turn the call over to Michael, let me conclude by recognizing and thanking my ITW colleagues around the world for the great job that they continue to do in serving our customers and executing our strategy with excellence. Michael, over to you.
Scott Santi: I think it's a little bit of both, but more of the latter. I want to be careful how I say this, but I think the information has, in terms of direct customer, that's been a little bit up and down just because I think it's a fairly fluid situation. But I think our posture from a planning standpoint, we believe is definitely on the conservative side and just to be clear, we're saying that things start to mitigate in the back half of normalized, but certainly aren't all the way corrected probably and it will begin with some elements of this all the way through the year is our current view.
Scott Santi: Well, I would say, we normally operate with a fair degree of contingency planning around our plans, whether that's within a particular segment or at the overall company level. We certainly have the flexibility to make adjustments as we're talking about here related to auto and specialty in the near term. And that's been sort of normal practice for the company for quite a long time. So should things in terms of sort of external and macro environment play out differently than what we're anticipating now, and again, I think we're taking a pretty conservative posture in terms of our planning approach here. And absolutely, we would expect to be able to adjust to that and do it in a relatively short order. As I said, we have a pretty flexible cost structure given how we operate to maybe 2020. So we could certainly make those adjustments within the quarter or two.
Scott Santi: You just may be – yes, just another data point is, and if you net – if you look at our European sales in Q3 and Q4 net of auto and specialty, it was plus 3 in Q3 and plus 2 in Q4, so we're certainly not – which feels pretty stable to us not – the 3% to 2% I don’t know, we're certainly not calling that a trend. But sort of down single-digit is pretty sold.
Scott Santi: And we are not managed for the quarter. The quarterly plans, we'll give you a Q2 update when we get there. Our expectation is, again, as Michael said, were recent current demand levels and projecting them through the year. I'm – if you look at Q2 this was a full-year in a Q1 number. I don't recall exactly what the Q2 organic growth rate is embedded in our plan if we had it, and so I think…
Scott Santi: I think the math is – there's nothing funny in the math here. This is really straightforward, as Michael said, if anything have to dialed back relative to current demand rates in a couple of areas where we think there's some potential risks. We're not seeing that it's going to play out that way. I think overall, that's a smart and prudent approach in terms of our planning. And it also highlights the fact that we've got a lot of earnings growth power from the same point of Enterprise Initiatives and other things going on underneath that's not vulnerable to some further erosion in auto, if things play out. And ultimately, we've got to plan where we believe there's more upside potential than downside. That's why we always plan and that's really what were, I think, embedded in the approach we've taken in terms of taken the organic growth rate down a percent relative to where we were in December.
Scott Santi: I'll just quibble a little bit with your perspective in terms of there – there is a decent amount of work involved in each one in terms of preparing to separate from ITW and all the things we need to do to…
Scott Santi: I don't want to go to that part, John, but I was just – I think we've got a good cadence, we've got good plans that we are finalizing now in terms of being very deliberate and intentional how bad – how we go bad if as Michael said, I think the reality of it is probably a two-year process to move all the way through maybe. And of course, everything that we can do to make it happen faster, we will certainly do that. But at this point, we also are not – that's not the number one priority right now. So would everything else that we are trying to work on and make progress there.
Scott Santi: We got people studied this, like IHS out with a projection of plus 2% on builds on China for the year, plus 1% in North America and I think down a couple – I think certainly, globally they're plus 1%, we’re at 0% to minus 4%. It’s just one data point, but there are people that study this that have – I’ll call it an optimistic view, but I think we're back to them. The comment we are making earlier about making sure that we're appropriately conservative there where there's still some uncertainty, but we're not, I don't think we're on the high side of optimism relative to what most of this, at least third parties that we look at to study this market feel like it's going to go on in 2019. We're on the conservative side of them.
Scott Santi: Well, it should reverse itself at some point. The answer to your question is we don't have great line of sight because it's a new test and I don't want to speak for the auto OEMs in Europe, but what we're hearing is that there's some uncertainty and some challenges. It's not that it can't be done, it is a new testing procedure and that the backlog involved in getting all of their models through it has been much more of a challenge than perhaps what’s expected. I don't know. I'm not, again, this is where we’ll draw some conclusions over around based on a number of different data points. So my answer to your question is absolutely, it should sort itself out. I think there's still a question of how long it takes to do so. And that's an element of our, let's call it conservatism in terms of our posture around that. There is people are still buying cars in Europe. There's nothing in terms of their consumption data and auto that gives you a whole lot of reason for pause at least to us at this point. It's much more a bad for disruption and the production part relative to the emissions testing regime. And I don't think it's – smooth sailing from here, let's say in terms of how all that plays out. Based on what we hear.
Scott Santi: Well, since we haven't missed one in six years, we thought we would try something different. I'm just kidding. I think ultimately we talked a lot of our shareholders, and there's a fair amount of effort and it goes into providing it. There is some philosophical differences around again, what we think the core investor value proposition for ITW which is really around, strength of competitive advantage in the business model, resilience in terms of high quality, diversified portfolio. All of those things are really oriented towards longer time periods of performance. And given all that, I think this is, we felt like we had, I think Michael said in his remarks, it was valuable early in the process given and talk about the enterprise strategy now. And then at this point we progressed far enough words, it's not value added anymore. And the last thing I would say and this will be a little smart key and I don't intend to be, but we listened to your boss. Jamie diamond has told us that. And a lot of companies we should be doing this. I'm just kidding.
Scott Santi: I'll answer the second and throw it back to Michael for the first. These are all short cycled businesses from the standpoint of – if we get an order today, we ship it tomorrow. What I can tell you is book-to-bill and both businesses in Q4 was positive. So order rates are at or above shipman rates in Q4. We don't build – these aren't big backlog businesses is my point. These are given the way we deliver. If we get an order today, we ship it tomorrow, we don't build backlog. But it's from the standpoint of just order rates relative to shipment rates in Q4 on both businesses were pretty solid.
Michael Larsen: Yes. Andy, price/cost was negative 50 basis points from a margin standpoint in 2018 and we're not providing a number for 2019 primarily because it's still a pretty dynamic environment in terms of raw materials as well as potential tariffs. That said, what you are saying is correct. I mean it is reasonable to assume based on what we know today in terms of the price actions we've taken, the expected raw material costs, the tariffs including the increase in March from 10% to 25% that may or may not happen. It is reasonable to assume that we will continue to make progress on price/cost from a margin standpoint in 2019 and certainly, we will continue to be positive on a dollar-for-dollar basis to a degree that’s significantly higher actually that what we saw in 2018. So I hope that answers your question.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think what we're pulling forward, the restructuring obviously has a pretty big impact here in Q1 of $0.07. Some of those benefits will start to show up in the back end of the year. Many of these projects have one-year payback or better in many cases. In addition to the higher restructuring, currency is more of a headwind in Q1, the tax rate is a headwind. And then we do have one less shipping day as I mentioned in Q1. And so…
Michael Larsen: That we get back in Q3. So that's why the year looks a little different relative to what you're used to from ITW, but there is some really good reasons behind that. And when you pencil it all out, you can get comfortable. We certainly are comfortable and very confident in our ability to deliver on the guidance that we are providing today.
Michael Larsen: Yes, there is. So it's a fairly small part of our overall business in North America. Part of what we do is we provide concrete solutions for warehouse flooring. And we had a number of projects that we're scheduled to go in Q4 that pushed out to 2019, so it's just primarily a timing issue more than a commentary on what's going on in the commercial construction space.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So let me start with the first part, which is a very fair question, in terms of the organic growth guide today being lower than what we guided in December. Really on the back of being more conservative around automotive builds as well as factoring in the latest view on the semiconductor-related end markets. As we've gone through these last few months here, we really firmed up our views in terms of the enterprise savings from – Enterprise Initiatives to specific projects and activities that will deliver 100 basis points of margin improvement as well as other discretionary cost items. And so that's really what's driving the majority of our confidence and ability to maintain the EPS number. In addition to that, I would say, although I'm cautious on this, given what we saw in 2018 as the price/cost headwinds are certainly looking more favorable today than at the end of last year. And then just to be precise, restructuring, I think, that we had in our guidance in December is the same number as today. And so that number has not changed. I think the second part, if I remember correctly, was around our ability – confidence to deliver 1% to 3% organic growth this year similar to last year. And I'll go back to how we modeled this, which is basically based on current run rates, adjusted for seasonality, and if you run that out for the year, with the adjustments we made in auto and specialty, you get to a range of 1% to 3% organic growth. We provided a little more detail on the last slide, Slide 14, in the deck. You can see how it kind of pencils out by segment. And again, these are based on current run rates, risk-adjusted on a couple of areas, and in our view, pretty cautious and conservative view overall.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think Construction, there's significant new product launches on the docket for this year. I'd say in addition to that, I wouldn't underestimate the impact of price this year relative to 2018. And so if you add all that up, these are the numbers that make up the guidance by segment and 1% to 3% in total.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think the issues on the international side are really isolated to the two segments we talked about. I think the other five segments are doing pretty well across the Board. If you just look at the fourth quarter, certainly, auto, specialty were down, but we put up some really good numbers in Europe. Construction overall was up 6%. Welding, up 7%. Food, up 3%. We've not seen a big impact from Brexit or the U.K. Those markets are pretty stable. So we feel pretty confident going into 2019 in terms of modeling current run rates in that geography.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I’d say Andy that Food Equipment certainly feels very good. I think the acceleration really started in the second half. The strength is broad-based. On the equipment side, service put up a pretty good number here as well. On the retail side, just to be clear, we're not seeing a pickup in terms of the CapEx spend on the grocery side. Really, what we're seeing is, these are flat to up slightly on a year-over-year basis as we lapped a more difficult comps. But all the benefits that we expected in terms of new product introductions, certainly, we're seeing though in the second half of the year and we expect those to continue into 2019. So Food Equipment, let say, 3% to 5% feels very good for 2019. Polymers & Fluids, we did benefit from a new product launch in automotive aftermarket. I hesitate to say this, but we’re a beneficiary also of some weather-related impact in terms of Rain-X wiper blades. And so that part of the business was up 7% overall. That is not a sustainable rate for the full-year, obviously. But I'd say also in Polymers, you're seeing some good progress there in terms of the overall organic growth rate. And like I mentioned earlier, you are seeing the impact of price. So certainly some good progress in those two segments and we should expect to continue to see that in 2019 as reflected in the segment outlook we gave you on Page 14.
Michael Larsen: Yes, Mig. So the demand we saw really here in Q3, Q4 was broad-based. So we talked specifically about food service, which is everything excluding the retail side, being up 11%. Retail turned positive in the no single-digits. We're not counting on a big pickup in retail in 2019 and it's not that significant portion of our overall business. We continue to see a lot of strengths on the institutional side, up double-digits. And again, there are a couple of categories here, really, around education, so K12, universities as well as lodging. And on the restaurant side also, double-digit growth, including which for us is a smaller part of the business on the QSR side. International is solid, up 3%. Certainly feel good about the momentum going into 2019. And just Q4 was best growth rate I think in over four years here. So new product introductions are really taking off and we feel we're very pleased with the progress we're making in Food Equivalent.
Michael Larsen: So Mig, you should definitely think about it as just given the comps higher growth rates in the back half of the year than in the first half. If you just go back and look at 2018, I think in 2018, we were up 3% organic rounding in the first half were up 1% in the second half. That alone is driving some of the higher growth rates, both in terms of organic as well as well as earnings growth. So really the swings you're going to see are really a function of what the comps are on a year-over-year basis. Those are the big drivers. Again, there's no demand acceleration assumed here on the contrary, if anything, we've dialed it back in certainly in auto as well as semi, which we talked about earlier.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So as that's a very good question. So the impact is these potential divestitures all happen is an improvement in our organic growth rate of about 50 basis points and improvement in our operating margins by 100 basis points. So that would – assuming that all of those take place this year, that's what we would expect to see in 2020. I think that's a fairly optimistic assumption. I think we're certainly making good progress, and I think a more reasonable planning assumption would be maybe half of them get done this year. But none of that is included in the numbers today. So certainly you see some slightly lower revenues to the effect that if EPS dilution, you'll see higher share repurchases to offset that, so that they are EPS-neutral. There are going to be some gains on some of these potential divestitures. Those are also not included, but on pro forma basis, it's a meaningful impact. And we are making good progress.
Michael Larsen: I will pass that on to the steering committee in charge of the divestiture activities, John. We prioritized in terms of the biggest impact of the company. We’re going to try to get those done first. We’re not in a rush here. We’re going to be very liberate and thoughtful in terms of how we execute of this and maximizing the value for the company and so…
Michael Larsen: John, we did not see that in Polymers & Fluids. And actually, in any of our other segments as we went through the fourth quarter here. The quarter played out as it usually does on a monthly basis. There's really nothing unusual, as we went through the quarter, including in Polymers & Fluids.
Michael Larsen: Eventually, the answer is yes. I don’t know whether that will be end of this year or not. I mean there is certainly a tailwind today on a dollar-for-dollar basis, as I said earlier, while raw material costs increases – just carryover from last year is still pretty significant number in 2019. Its leg than 2018 and we are certainly significantly ahead on a dollar-for-dollar basis. So with the standard, it is providing some tailwind here.
Michael Larsen: We have not – I think there would be – from the standpoint of aggregate, North American wages. I am summarizing a lot of individual data points, but things are up tens of thousands of points maybe relative to sort of plan increases in prior year, but nothing that I would considered to be material in terms of the impact of the overall company at this point.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So there is a lot of uncertainty around the numbers that third parties are providing on a geographic basis. I think the best I can tell you is, when we were together in December, the view was is that our auto business will be flat on markets that globally would be down 2% to 3%. We gave that a further risk adjustment here relative to what we said in December. I can't really give you a view by quarter here as the year plays out. I'll give you the actuals, when we get through Q2, Q3 and Q4, but I can't really give you guidance around that.
Michael Larsen: So this is primarily focused on rightsizing our footprint in Europe in two businesses, the automotive business as well as the specialty business. And beyond that we typically don't comment on specific restructuring projects.
Michael Larsen: Well, we're just moving faster on some things. We still got an acquisition that we did two years ago that is through the restructuring I would say, is normally – normal part of the integration of that business. It’s a fairly good piece of that. We are accelerating some of that given the environment in this pause and demand, it's a good time to get after some of that. Well there's some things that would have been – we would have gotten to anyway. It’s the easiest way to describe it that I would say we have accelerated into the front-end of the year given the pause and the demand admit. These things are in some ways is better timing if we can get them done when we're not also dealing with some increases in demand. That's probably a better characterization of it.
Michael Larsen: I think we still have ways to go in terms of further margin expansion in Test & Measurement and that's based on what the bottoms up, what the team is telling us. What you're really seeing is the impact of the enterprise initiatives in Test & Measurement. And I think it's another data point that supports the view that we have and the confidence that we have in the ability to continue to expand margins in 2019 and beyond as we talked about in December. We believe we have at least another 3 to 4 percentage points of margin expansion ahead of us and Test & Measurement has at least that level of improvement ahead of it in that over the next three to four years.
Michael Larsen: Yes, most of our position in the electronic space is really more, I would say, MRO-related. So we're not – with a couple of exceptions, just one in set by we're not sort of upstream in terms of production equipment. So that from our standpoint the electronics has been pretty stable. But it's – but we're able to describe is pretty downstream from the standpoint of where we participate there.
Michael Larsen: Yes, our exposure is pretty limited overall to oil and gas. It's primarily on the international side in the Welding business. And we've just started to see a pickup in oil and gas here in Q3 and Q4. We gave you the number here. And we haven't seen any changes over the last couple of months, if that's what you're asking.
Michael Larsen: So we did see a slowdown here in Q4, not entirely on expected. And again it’s in the portion of Test & Measurement that sells equipment for the upfront manufacturing of - in the semiconductor space. And we did see a slowdown here in Q4. In the past, there have been talks about pause, and then a pick up again in the back end of 2019. And we’ve taken all that out and basically assumed current run rate based on what we saw in Q4 and, therefore in our view, appropriately, risk-adjusted for any exposure in semiconductor.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So Nathan, we do not break out price versus volume at the enterprise level or by segment, including for Welding. So I'm afraid I can’t give you that.
Michael Larsen: Yes, it’s a pretty long list of new product centered around our cordless technology where ITW is the market leader. They come in throughout the year the various geographies. Typically, the contribution from new products is somewhere in the 1% range in terms of overall revenue growth and we it just based on what’s in the pipeline to be a little bit higher than that in Construction this year.
Michael Larsen: I don’t know if we really thought about it that the way you’re articulating it. I mean but certainly, like I said earlier, in six out of seven segments, so excluding auto, there's – we've taken pricing actions to offset raw material cost inflation and tariff impact. So to the extent that we'll probably have a little bit more price coming through in 2019 than in 2018 and that certainly helps the overall organic growth rate.
Michael Larsen: Yes, we get price every year. Maybe a little bit more 2019 and 2018, but it’s not the big driver here.
Michael Larsen: Yes. That's where I was going to go with this, welding just grew organically 8%. On a tough comp, there were up 6% in Q4 last year. Food Equipment up 5%, organics have good momentum in those two businesses. In terms of the Q1, Q2 question, without telling you anything new really, I mean we did say that we have one that's shipping day in the first quarter, which lowers our overall organic growth rate by mathematically 1.5%. We do not have that headwind in Q2, so I don't know if that helps you in terms of what Q2 might look like. That’s probably the best I can give you.
Michael Larsen: Yes. David, keep in mind that 1.5% in Q1 that mathematically we lose from one less day. We get that back in Q3.
