Christopher O'Herlihy: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. First, I want to thank Scott and our Board of Directors for their trust and confidence in electing me as ITW's next CEO. I'm incredibly humbled by the opportunity to lead this great company, our exceptionally talented leadership team and our 46,000 dedicated colleagues around the world. As Scott said, as a result of the work done over the last 11 years in executing our enterprise strategy to leverage the ITW business model to its full potential, our company has never performed better or been better positioned for the future. The central focus of the next phase of our enterprise strategy is to elevate high quality organic growth and customer back innovation as key ITW differentiators on par with our best-in-class operational capabilities and financial performance. Our leadership team and I are deeply committed to doing just that in delivering on ITW's 2030 Enterprise Performance Goals. Now, let's turn to our Q3 performance. The strength and resilience of ITW's proprietary business model and high-quality diversified portfolio once again drove strong operational execution and financial performance this quarter. Starting with the top line, organic growth was 2% on an equal days basis, as demand for CapEx slowed down in test and measurement and electronics and welding. Our margin and income performance continues to be very robust. Operating margin improved 200 basis points year-over-year to 26.5% as enterprise initiatives contributed 140 basis points. Quarterly operating income grew 9% to $1.1 billion. GAAP EPS grew 9% to $2.55 and free cash flow was up 40%. With three quarters behind us, we are narrowing our EPS guidance to a range of $9.65 to $9.85, which now incorporates a $0.12 adjustment to the impact of the auto strike in Q4. Looking ahead at the balance of the year, the company remains well positioned to deliver another year of differentiated performance. I'll now turn the call over to Michael to discuss our Q3 performance and full year guidance in more detail. Michael.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. So Scott, I would say, in general, our plan is very much in line with what we outlined at our Investor Day in terms of really ensuring that we continue to strengthen our foundation, which is our business model and obviously then building organic growth as a core strength on par with our operational capabilities and financial performance over time. I think the first 90 days I'm just learning the job, just go out and pretty good understanding of our businesses already, but obviously, working with our businesses to make sure that our strategy is well part of dominant businesses, which, of course, it is, that's really the plan for the first 90 days, I would say. But it's really in the context of being very committed to this -- the strategy for the next phase, which is to sustain the strong foundation we have around our business model, we're really leaning in and continuing to build our organic growth capabilities to be on par with our operational capabilities and our financial performance.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes, I would echo everything Michael just said in terms of the quality of our portfolio, in terms of the amount of room we have to grow in each segment customer-facing performance and so on and the focused investments that we've made in areas like sales and innovation, coupled with the fact that we've seen a nicely improving yield on customer-back innovation. All this gives the credence to what we're hearing from our businesses that we are getting share in most of our key markets in relation to our competition.
Christopher O'Herlihy: Yes. And then just on the backlog, we're back to normal levels which, in our case, given our customer delivery performance is two to three weeks. So we're back to kind of normal levels here.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So let me give you a little bit of context here. So we are definitely on track to recover the margin impact now from more than two years of unprecedented inflation, which now appears to have stabilized. There's definitely still some pressure on the cost side, on the labor side, components as well as energy. That said we've made some good progress. Price/cost was positive 190 basis points in Q1, 216 in Q2, which was the peak and then 210 here in the third quarter. And we're now looking at somewhere around 150 basis points in Q4, and that would put us around 200 basis points recovery for the full year. Price is holding, and we're seeing a little bit of deflation on the -- more on the commodity side. So these would be the metals, in particular, which drove the stronger performance here on price/cost in the third quarter.
Michael Larsen: Yes. Good morning, Tami. So you're right. If you look at the margin improvement year-over-year, another really strong contribution from Enterprise Industries. I think the best performance in 2.5 years, which is really remarkable given where we're at in the enterprise strategy. Price/cost, we talked about 210, and then 160 basis points of, I don't want to call it headwind necessarily because these are investments that we're making in our long-term organic growth initiatives, including new hires as well as then, obviously, the regular wage and benefit inflation that everybody else is seeing. That all adds up to about 160 basis points. And that's how you get to -- even with all of those investments, that we continue to make, you're getting 200 basis points of margin improvement on a year-over-year basis to 26.5%, which I believe was a new record for the third quarter.
Michael Larsen: Yes, I think the normal run rate is somewhere -- we've been running higher than that this year. The normal run rate and we'll see how the plans roll up for next year. I don't want to get too far ahead of myself. But if you look at historically, that's about 100 to 150 basis points of headwind.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So Tami, let me just broaden the lens maybe a little bit here. I think given the uncertainty around auto and the fact that the strike is now in the sixth week here, we decided that we take a more prudent approach, which is basically based on what we're seeing in our businesses right now, maybe with room for things deteriorating a little bit further from where they are today. And if you take that quarter-to-date impact and extrapolate through year-end, that's how you get the $0.12 of EPS adjustment that's now embedded in our guidance. So assuming -- to answer your question, it continues through year-end. If the strike ends before year-end, obviously, we'll do better than that. If it gets worse, our businesses will do a great job in terms of reading and reacting to the conditions on the ground. The optimist might say that some of those -- that production will get deferred into next year. But obviously, a lot of uncertainty, and given that we don't really want to pin down a revenue number, we're just going to give you here the $0.12 of adjustment that I just laid out for you.
Michael Larsen: Hi Andrew, so there's definitely some puts and takes. I think, for example, if you had asked me that question last quarter, I would have said automotive OEM -- automotive aftermarket would be in that category. They were up 10%. So just an example of things moving in and out. So I'm not sure it's really that relevant to look at. But if you just look at what we would say now is kind of slowing to 25% on a combined basis, those businesses were down year-over-year, 3% in the third quarter. However, sequentially, they did improve from the second quarter by a percentage point, which I would say fairly stable. Talking about electronics and semi specifically, I think consumer electronics remains fairly weak. On the semiconductor side, you will recall that we've talked about an expectation from industry experts, I'll call them as well as our customers that there would be a reacceleration of demand here in the second half of this year. And that now looks like it's been deferred probably until sometime next year. Now obviously, we remain, as we now do on an ongoing basis, committed to those businesses. We continue to invest and really position ourselves for the inevitable recovery down the road, which hopefully comes next year in 2024 and making sure that we're well positioned to take full advantage of the long-term growth opportunities that we believe are right in front of us in that part of our businesses, so.
Michael Larsen: Well, there's a lot of work that's going on in those businesses to deliver these results. Obviously, I'd say the categories you're familiar with, the first one is the ongoing contribution from the enterprise initiatives. And so both the segments that you mentioned had a significant contribution from enterprise initiatives as well as favorable price/cost impact. So those are really the two big drivers in those businesses. And I think it is pretty remarkable that they're putting up record quarterly margin performance given, frankly, not a lot of volume growth, not a lot of volume leverage. So you can imagine once we get the volume leverage going again, as Chris was talking about at incrementals kind of in that 35 to 40 range, there's even more runway for margin improvement.
Michael Larsen: So there's not a lot of difference in terms of the margin performance. But I think this is -- these are some great data points that illustrate kind of the dynamic nature of the environment that we're operating in. And really, what I tried to lay out in the commentary was what's driving this on a year-over-year basis are just a comparison. So it's really hard to draw any conclusions from the year-over-year comparisons. What I think we can say broadly in Welding, as we said upfront, is that the overall demand for equipment appears to be slowing down a little bit in the near term, whether that will remain at those levels on a go-forward basis is difficult to say at this point. Backlogs have normalized. We're not really a backlog-driven company. We're now back to two to three weeks of backlog at the enterprise level. And then the last point I'll make is we're still seeing meaningful impact from our customers and channel partners reducing their levels of inventory. So if you think about at the enterprise level, that was a point to 1.5 points of organic growth drag. So just to maybe normalize the Q3 results a little bit on the top line. So 2% on an equal days basis, and then you factor in the inventory adjustments, you're back at 3, 3.5 just to kind of put things in context a little bit. But there's no question that the activity slowed down a little bit on the welding side here in the third quarter.
Michael Larsen: Well, so we haven't even rolled up our plans yet for next year. That really happens at the end of this month, and then we'll have some good discussions with our segments and we'll get a much better handle on what the price/cost equation might look like. I do think if you just look at the margin recovery trajectory that we're on. We haven't fully recovered the margin impact. And so I think it's not unreasonable to assume that there will be some carryover into maybe the first half of next year. And then you add on top of that maybe our normal pricing. But again, I don't want to get too far ahead of ourselves. We'll give you a lot more detail when we give you guidance for the full year, which will be early next year. But certainly, if you're -- price is holding at current levels and the raw material cost -- direct material cost equation, those has stabilized. We're not seeing significant deflation at this point, but we're also not seeing anything close to the inflation that we've seen over the last two years. So, that's kind of the good news here.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So, Julian, we don't give quarterly guidance. But I think if you look at historical information, you'll see that there's typically a ramp-up in Test & Measurement and Electronics in Q4 relative to Q3. And so we do expect some of that. I think overall, on the Electronics side, like I said, the consumer electronics end market remains soft. Just semi in isolation is down 20%, 25% on a year-over-year basis. And that's -- last year, that was about a $500 million segment. So, we're definitely seeing -- that's what's driving these results. If you take out the semi impact in Test & Measurement and Electronics we're actually up 2% on a year-over-year basis. But we expect this pressure to continue. We're not counting on a recovery here in the fourth quarter. It's based on run rate and typical seasonality I'd say on MTS overall, maybe, Chris, do you want to make some comments? You were just up there. So, maybe you want to--
Michael Larsen: Yes. And I would just add maybe to quantify what Chris is talking about in the short term. This business grew double-digit top line in the third quarter. And you'll recall maybe margins coming in were somewhere around 7%. And through the implementation of the business model, at this point, we are -- the outlook for the full year is in the mid-teens. So right on track in terms of the potential that we thought we had when we acquired the business. So good progress.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So again, Mig, you're right. This is on the residential renovation remodel side of things. So these are typically sales through big box retailers, names that you'd be familiar with. And I think if you look at I think somebody asked earlier about market share, this is a great example of really strong market share gains in this particular end market, because I agree with you, if you just look at the underlying data, you might be a little surprised that, that part of the business is up 7% year-over-year in the current interest rate environment. And like I said, this is essentially all volume and share gain through the big box retailers.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think that overall construction in North America actually remains fairly stable. I'd say maybe a little bit more concern on the international side, which has been weak. The market demand has been a lot softer on the international side. But North America – keep in mind that in the fourth quarter, typically, we talked about seasonality by segment, I said Test & Measurement usually does better. Construction is one where, for obvious reasons, the fourth quarter is typically a little bit lower than the third quarter. But in terms of the share gains and our – the strength in this particular part of the business, that absolutely has staying power.
Michael Larsen: So Mig, just from a lead time perspective, I would say that a natural outcome of our business model is best-in-class lead times and customer-facing performance. And we are very much back to where we were pre-pandemic in terms of our ability to supply our customers. In terms of the channel, yes, I think it's an area where there is a little bit of inventory in the channel. We're seeing that coming down. It's probably still out there. It's one of the segments that has been impacted, I think, by channel inventory likely to come down over the next couple of quarters here, but it's fair for sure.
Michael Larsen: I'd say this is trending right in line with expectations that we kind of laid out on the last call. Like I said, the drag on the organic growth rate of 1% to 1.5% was pretty broad-based, every segment had some impact, very similar Q3 as Q2, and we think this will probably be with us for a few more quarters. And I'd just say, if you just look at our own inventory levels, we are currently running slightly above three months on hand, where typically we're running at low-twos. And we estimate that in our case, it will take us probably until kind of early mid next year to get back to normal inventory levels as we work through the exact same things that our customers and channel partners are working through. And I might just add here that that's obviously going to continue to drive some really strong free cash flow performance for ITW as inventory levels, working capital continues to normalize, as a result of supply chain having stabilized.
Michael Larsen: I think it's really hard to tell. I mean, I think overall, the demand environment, as we said there's, clearly some uncertainties here in the near-term. Inventory as part of that, the interest rate environment, everybody being maybe a little bit more cautious on the CapEx side and then in of our segments, particularly, the auto strike. So there's, a lot of things going on here. It is a pretty dynamic environment, it can change pretty quickly. The only thing we know for sure is that, the ITW team will continue to read and react to whatever conditions are on the ground. And I think if you just look at our track record, we'll continue to deliver differentiated long-term performance. And so that's really our focus is on continuing to do just that.
