Michael M. Larsen: All right. Thank you, Andrew. Good morning, and welcome to ITW's first quarter 2017 conference call. I am Michael Larsen, ITW's Senior Vice President and CFO. Joining me this morning is our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi. During today's call, we will discuss our first quarter financial results and update you on our 2017 earnings forecast. Before we get to the results, let me remind you that this presentation contains our financial forecasts for the second quarter and full year 2017 as well as other forward-looking statements identified on this slide. We refer you to the company's 2016 Form 10-K for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations. Also, this presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures. And while we use very few non-GAAP measures, a reconciliation of those non-GAAP measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. With that, I'll turn the call over to Scott.
Michael M. Larsen: So Andrew, incremental margins, as you pointed out of – if you look straight off the P&L, we're 44%, certainly, really solid performance. If you add back the impact of EF&C, we are in the 77% range for incrementals. We talked about this on the call last time that, in the short term, we could see incremental margins above our long-term average of 30% to 35% until investments in overhead and other areas catch up to support the growth. Our view, long term, is we would still expect to be in that 30% to 35% range for incremental margins, but certainly well above that here in the near term.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah. No, we're always investing and the levels we're investing at now are similar to what we have been doing in prior years.
Michael M. Larsen: I think, (18:42) Scott, nothing's really changed in terms of how we look at capital allocation. You're right that we're fortunate that we have a strong balance sheet and we generate free cash flow well above net income on an annual basis. In terms of the buybacks specifically, we have planned for $1 billion of buybacks in 2017 starting with $250 million. In the first quarter we have done that and certainly we're on track to execute on that program. To the extent that there is surplus capital, we'll address that as we go through the quarter and we'll update you on the earnings calls if that number can go higher from here. But certainly, we're off to a good start on free cash flow. I'd say on the M&A environment, we've talked about this on prior calls, our views haven't really changed. And just because we're sitting on more cash, doesn't mean that we will not be disciplined in terms of how we look at M&A.
Michael M. Larsen: Yes. So those price increases, Joe, have largely been done already. So that's based on what's been implemented year-to-date. So there's really nothing major outstanding from a price standpoint.
Michael M. Larsen: I think it's primarily, Nigel, the comp to last year, we had a really strong Q2 last year and that's really the main driver here.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, I think that's a reasonable assumption. I think the plus 9% organic in Q1, we may not get all the way there in Q2. But certainly, we feel good about the second quarter.
Michael M. Larsen: When we look at the full year in Test & Measurement, we're looking at growth in the low single-digit range. So part of what you see in Q1 is also a fairly easy comparison on a year-over-year basis. So certainly encouraging what we've seen. I'd point to Instron and the businesses tied to business investment as really the more meaningful data point here in Q1. Semiconductor as you know, is really hard to forecast, but we feel good about where we are right now.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah. Ann, so how I would maybe put this in context, our sales in France represent about 5% of our overall sales. And we were actually up 3% in the first quarter, really driven by Construction and Automotive primarily. And so I think it's a little too early to tell whether anything has changed at this point. We still feel good about the outlook for Europe.
Michael M. Larsen: I think the only thing I'd point to is on the price/cost side, we are a little cautious given what we saw in Q1, and so that's why we didn't take the margin guidance up.
Michael M. Larsen: I'd say it's pretty balanced. Actually, if you look at our Q1 EPS and you add the midpoint of our guidance for Q2, we're exactly at 50% of the year from a full year EPS standpoint. So that's – historically, that's what we've been doing for a long time. So it's pretty even.
Michael M. Larsen: I can share that the (40:17) monthly, the cadence, this was a pretty typical quarter. There was really nothing unusual there. Construction Europe, we certainly benefited from some end market lift, being up 8% in Europe. I think there's still some work to do, as you know, from a simplification standpoint. But overall, encouraged by the progress in our Construction business in Europe.
Michael M. Larsen: Yeah, I think what I would say is we expect overall, globally, to outgrow the market 200 to 400 basis points, consistent with what we have said in the past. Exactly how that plays out in the back half, we'll have to see. Clearly, in Europe, we're running above that rate; and China, significantly above that average penetration rate. And then we're a little bit lower in North America, because of the starting point. Our content per vehicle in North America is still significantly above where we are outside the U.S.
Ernest Scott Santi: Well, I don't know if we can give you a peak. What I can tell you is, relative to where margins peaked that you referenced in terms of the, I think you said 2014, certainly, the impact of the enterprise initiatives that we have been implementing across the company have been taking place in Welding right along with the rest of the company. So what you're seeing in terms of improved margin performance is starting to turn the corner, obviously, in terms of demand and revenue, and the benefits of those enterprises initiatives are now starting to come through in a little bit more of a visible way, let's say, relative to an environment where we're down mid to high single digits. So they've done a lot of really strong work despite a very tough environment over the last three or four years in terms of the enterprise initiatives. And I think as Michael noted in terms of the demand environment, we were certainly encouraged by some noticeable improvement primarily in the commercial end of our equipment business. But even the industrial down, I think, 1% in Q1 was a noticeable improvement in terms of what we've been seeing over the last six quarters or so. So things appear to be stabilizing there, getting better on the commercial end. And if we continue on this path, obviously, it will have some pretty good impact in terms of our performance through the balance of the year.
Ernest Scott Santi: Well, I think it's – from my perspective, Scott, it's hard to tell at this point. I think the overall order – we typically operate with very little backlog, very little forward visibility. The uptick in demand in Test & Measurement is certainly encouraging at this point but it's only a quarter. I think we have a general view, that I think many people share, that the overall business investment climate has been very depressed for the last six to eight quarters that, as a result, there is some pent-up demand that should conditions overall – the economy overall begin to improve even modestly that that will be a stimulus in terms of bringing some more comfort around investment back into the picture. So we're certainly hopeful that this is the start of something – a more positive turn in that direction, but I think after one quarter, I don't think we're ready to call it that yet.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah, I think I'd just go back to what I said earlier that – and this is, at least in terms of our sort of past history, this is what we're seeing in the first quarter, the normal signs of a recovery in the welding space. The commercial end for us of the equipment space typically leads the turn, if you will, and so the commercial business was up 4% in the quarter, which was a nice improvement in terms of uptick relative to not just percentage growth but on a sequential basis, up noticeably from Q3. So things are setting up for a nice turn in the marketplace. But again, I think after one quarter, we're – what I would say, not to sound like the pessimist here, but we've been here before a few times, right? With a reasonable start to the year over the last two or three years and then things in terms of the overall economic environment kind of have petered out. So I think that experience has us a little cautious in terms of posture, but I would say that we're certainly seeing some signs, even in those prior periods that we didn't see before, that give us some level of hope or optimism that we're seeing some broader based recovery than maybe we have in the past that hopefully will sustain itself as we continue to move through this year and beyond.
Ernest Scott Santi: Near term, I think the sort of macro, from my standpoint, is we are – the industrial side, given the very sluggish business investment environment, has been the slower growing part of the company. That is seeming to improve. Obviously, if that continues, that will adjust that mix a percentage point or two over time. But I don't see it shifting dramatically off of that 60-40 mix. I think the most – beyond the end market recovery, the other thing I'd point to, as we've talked before, is we've got plenty of room to grow. In all seven of our businesses, we are continuing to make good progress in terms of the work we need to do on that pivot, and so consumer or industrial, all of our seven businesses have plenty of room to run in terms of ability to drive above-market organic growth from here forward.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah, I appreciate the point. What we have said, I think, on numerous occasions is quarterly comps, particularly given some of the differences in relative product positions between us and the other great companies in this space, I think are really not particularly meaningful. We don't take credit for them when they work in our favor and in cases where they don't, I wouldn't read too much into what I think the overall – I think it's a fair comparison on an annual basis, certainly not one that's particularly valid in my mind on a quarter-to-quarter basis. And even on an annual basis, there are still big differences in terms of relative product mix across all the different parts of the Welding portfolio. So you'll have to draw your own conclusions on that. But I think quarter-to-quarter, there's just too much stuff that is individually impacting all the various companies in different ways that makes it less relevant, I think, to add it up as a – in the aggregate sense. And again, I think we're as consistent about saying that when it works in our favor as it does when it – as we are when it doesn't.
Ernest Scott Santi: Well, I think we've talked about it, Mig. The big delta was the organic growth rate and the drivers of that delta in terms of organic growth rate were Automotive, Test & Measurement, Welding. And based on – we've talked before about the fact that we forecast based on current run rates, so our balance of the year forecast does reflect those improvements that we saw in Q1 in those businesses. Auto was a bit of an exception, as Michael talked about earlier. I think we're taking a very conservative approach. We understand that there're some issues out there in North America on the back half of the year that may or may not impact demand for our products. But we're using the data that we have externally and fully baking that in. But beyond that, everything else is run rated through the balance of the year based on the exit rate in the first quarter.
Ernest Scott Santi: Yeah, I don't think a lot has changed. What I would say is that we did have some – a few good sized project pushout into Q2. So, in terms of Q1 growth rate, it was a little light relative to what we thought it was going to be heading into the quarter but not by much. We're still expecting, on a global basis, 3% to 4% organic growth in Food Equipment for the year. And we've talked before, we got a really strong new product pipeline. We are making great progress across the business both in North America, in Europe and in Asia in terms of driving those new products and our other pivot to growth penetration efforts and feel really good about the balance of the year there. So, no big changes in terms of end market demand color.
Ernest Scott Santi: No, I wouldn't say that. Our visibility is about a quarter ahead, so for now, what we see is second quarter is set up pretty well. Beyond that, we're just reacting to an IHS forecast that says that there's – I think the number's negative 10 for the Big 3 in the back half of the year. And that's some production – that's some extended shutdowns due to some model changeovers and things – all those things may be very valid. So we are trying to incorporate the best data that we have. I don't mean to sound skeptical at all. If I did, that's my mistake. But I think what we're trying to convey is that we've got that all baked in, in terms of our balance of the year organic growth forecast, and still expect the overall company to be better than we did heading into the year.
Ernest Scott Santi: I think the mix is roughly 50-50. It's close to that. And from a margin standpoint, I think they're also pretty comparable. So no, shouldn't have any material mix impact on margin.
Ernest Scott Santi: No, not an issue certainly in the Q1 performance and not one we expect to be an issue through the balance of the year.
Ernest Scott Santi: Well, I think how I would answer that is we're pretty focused on dishwashing, refrigeration, cooking and scales in the retail sector. We have really strong positions – relative share position in service – don't let me leave out service, is the other big opportunity. I'm not going to give you our assessment of our global share, but let's just say, we got plenty of room to grow in those areas. So from the standpoint of, is the growth going – as our focus in terms of go forward growth around getting it to new areas, that's not a big focus for us. Our focus is on really leveraging the full potential of the really strong positions that we already have.
Joe Ritchie: Look, hard to not like this quarter. It was a very strong quarter. I guess the question I have, to start off, maybe on price/cost, you mentioned that you were going to start to put through some pricing increases. So maybe, Michael, if you can talk about the cadence and when you start to expect to see some of the benefit from those pricing increases, that would be helpful.
Joe Ritchie: And so was that kind of across the portfolio? And specifically, I guess I'm thinking about Welding, one of your competitors had talked about positive pricing in an earlier report. And so I was just wondering whether you're able to see some price impact there as well.
Joe Ritchie: Okay, helpful. And then I guess just maybe some additional color on the thoughts on Auto. I know that you're baking in 3%. If I want to be clear here, I guess is 3% market or is that 3% growth in your numbers for 2017? And...
Joe Ritchie: That's 3% in your business. Okay. Got it. So there's some – perhaps some opportunity there. And, I guess, lastly, maybe just a little bit more color on Welding. Clearly, things got – things are seemingly getting better with the flat growth number this quarter. Maybe talk a little bit more about the trends that you're seeing across the different end markets I caught that industrial was down slightly, but helpful to get additional color there.
