Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thanks, Julianne. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to ITW’s First Quarter 2020 Conference Call. I'm joined by our; Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi; Vice Chairman, Chris O’Herlihy; and Senior Vice President and CFO, Michael Larsen. During today's call, we will discuss ITW’s first quarter 2020 financial results as well as the impact of the global pandemic on our business and our strategy for managing through it. Slide 2 is a reminder that this presentation contains forward-looking statements. We refer you to the company's 2019 Form 10-K, the Form 8-K filed today, and the Form 10-Q to be filed on May 7, for more detail about important risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations, including the potential effects of the COVID-19 pandemic on our business. This presentation uses certain non-GAAP measures and a reconciliation of those measures to the most comparable GAAP measures is contained in the press release. Please turn to slide 3. And it's now my pleasure to turn the call over to our Chairman and CEO, Scott Santi.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thanks, Scott. As a reminder, please see the appendix in today's slide deck for the usual segment detail for the first quarter. So Julianne, let’s open up the line for questions.
Karen Fletcher: Okay. Thanks, Julianne. I just want to thank everybody for joining us this morning. We're available to the rest of the day for additional follow-up. Stay well everyone, Thank you.
Chris O’Herlihy: Thank you, Scott, and good morning, everyone. This is a challenging time for all of us, as the world continues to grapple with the effects of a global pandemic. At this point, I'm sure that every one of us has been impacted by this situation, in ways that were unimaginable just a few months ago. And ITW as a company and the community is certainly being affected. Having said that, and Scott reference, or divisional leaders think and act like owners, are able to react quickly and take the necessary actions to protect our people and serve our customers, which is a particular advantage of the company, in times of significant challenge. Let's move to slide 6. The actions were taken to protect the health and support, the well being of our colleagues. We developed and deployed a number of practices to minimize exposure. And prevent the spread of COVID-19 and keep our colleagues safe. We have followed CDC, WHO, and local government guidelines in doing so. Out ITW colleagues have redesigned production processes to ensure proper social distancing practices, adjusted shift schedules and assignments that have colleagues who have childcare needs, due to school closings and implemented aggressive new water and sanitation practices, to minimize infection risk. We're also providing full compensation to employees, who have been quarantined. In addition, our strategic sourcing team is heavily engaged in helping our businesses, by coordinating the procurement of personal protective equipment, to ensure all our employees receive the protection they need. I'm pleased to say, that as a result of our containment efforts, to this point we've largely been able to restrict infections to single cases, in a minority of our locations, which is a testament to the actions our colleagues have taken to implement sound sanitation practices and social distancing and to protect one another, to the best of their abilities. Turning to slide 7, let's shipped to another important stakeholder group and how we continue to serve our customers with excellence. To support our customers, our teams have worked diligently to keep our factories open and operating safely. In areas around the world where governments have issued shelter in place orders, the vast majority of ITW businesses have been designated as critical or essential businesses. And as such, they're needed to really an open and operational. In some cases, it's because our products directly impact, the COVID-19 response effort. For example, our welding equipment is used to manufacture hospital beds or structural products are utilized to build temporary medical facilities, or test and measurement products test medical and laboratory equipment. Our Polymers & Fluids products sanitize workplaces. And our food service equipment is used to feed people in hospitals. In other cases, our businesses are designated as critical, because they play a vital role in serving and supporting industries. They're essential to the physical and economic health of our communities. Although, some facilities are subject to mandatory shutdowns, roughly 95% of our global manufacturing capacity is currently available to be deployed to serve our customers. The same is true for our service networks, particularly in food equipment and test and measurement, which we continue to keep fully available in order to ensure that we can help keep essential businesses and healthcare facilities in operation. In both cases, across all segments, we continue to maintain best-in-class performance for product and service quality and the availability. Finally, we're rigorously managing our supplier base to both mitigate near-term supply risk for critical raw materials and components and ensure that we are positioned to win in a wide range recovery scenarios going forward. With that, I'll turn the call over to Michael.
Chris O’Herlihy: Yeah. Absolutely, I mean, I think the honest answer is until we know what the recovery path looks like, and the divisions have had a chance to really interpret, you know, division-by-division, what that path is, and therefore, what capacity and cost, adjustments need to be made. We don't know what the restructuring is going to be. But obviously, we have included in the numbers that we're showing you today, a placeholder for an educated guess I hope for what restructuring might be. But it really is. John, as you might appreciate, too early to tell at this point.
Chris O’Herlihy: Yes. So if we think about food equipment and specifically with the restaurant side of the business, 25%, 30% of our business, and the recovery there is going to not just depend on lifting of shelter and place restrictions, but also in terms of core shelter and place, what additional restrictions will be on the business in terms of occupancy and so on. Clearly, a very, very uncertain environment. It's very difficult to predict what that will look like. But for us, we are somewhat comfortable by the fact that the other parts of our business, as Michael mentioned, the institutional piece, particularly health care, higher education is doing quite well. Retail is doing quite well, as you would expect. The typical deli counter business is thriving right now. We are being slightly a little bit in terms of being able to put in installations because they are so busy, but the long-term demand trends there are pretty healthy.
Chris O’Herlihy: And in service is the other business where we continue to, to Scott's point, keep our service organization fully employed here. I mean we've taken a huge investment over the years in ensuring that we had a highly developed, highly trained service force. And the last thing we want to do is let those folks go, acknowledging that even though capacity is down right now, that will recover in the medium term.
Chris O’Herlihy: Yeah. So Andy, so with respect to the supply chain, no major issues to date for us with suppliers or some of the -- obviously, an issue we're managing very closely. We would feel certainly that our produce where we sell approach has served us pretty well here. We would also say that the fact that already centralized helps us to provide -- helps us as it provides 80 different kind of touch points, which enables us to kind of stay well informed and react quickly. So something we're rigorously managing, as we talked about in the presentation and not seeing any issues right now, but something we're very attuned to.
Scott Santi: I'd say and overall, it's just way too early to tell. I think, I don't see anything you know, we have a division that provides support equipment to the airline industry is probably among the ones that I would say would see kind of the longest tail in terms of recovery. But from where we sit today, as early as it is in this whole process, it's I don't – I don't see anything that that would be sort of obvious or apparent in terms of permanent change or damage, if you will, from this pandemic. There may be but we'll deal with it.
Scott Santi: Well, I think there is no, this is no, nothing I would characterize as a change in strategy, we had certainly talked for some time about the addition of some incremental growth from acquisitions as a core part of our strategy. I think there's, you know, it's not rocket science to anticipate that there are going to be either from the standpoint of a reset on valuation and/or given the level of financial stress its going to be out there that there might be some opportunities emerge as a result in our own commentary is that we are going to preserve our ability to access those that doesn't change the criteria one but this is not a matter of looking at things that we would have not looked at otherwise, but the sort of relative availability of things that would fit – I would expect would be perhaps more enhanced as a result of the situation.
Scott Santi: Yeah, well, I'm not sure I would limit it based on size. I think it's a function of stick with that strategy. Obviously, we've talked about that criteria in the past and we’ve got an opportunity that kind of business that has high value add content in terms of their products and the way their products impact their customers, and where we see a significant ability to impact the performance of a business through the application of our business model. That's what I'm saying is the same as it's always been. Whether that's big or small, will be a function of the quality of the asset less than the size.
Scott Santi: Yeah. And I think the sort of core planning mandate around this and everything we've just tried to articulate is we're going to spend the next couple of quarters really making sure that we're in the right position to fully support our customers and access any incremental growth opportunities that might emerge from this recovery phase. And we'll – we'll do what we always do. We'll adjust our cost structure smartly. We're not going to do it through some, either from on high we're going to do it business-by-business. That's no different than we've always done it. The difference now is that, we are have positioned from the standpoint of entry margins and the final cushion that we have is we can take the time to plan our way through it in a way that doesn't necessarily does our best to protect The upside potential next really all we're saying, I said in my comments that, we'll be back to our normal incremental by Q4. But there's really no benefit to us that I see of trying to as I said, when the – when the containment phase and you know, how fast we can cut costs is not is not something that we have to worry about, we have the luxury of building this position doesn't mean, we're not going to be smart. It doesn't mean, we're not going to have to adjust our cost structure over time, but we're going to do it from a position of much greater clarity business by businesses to how this is likely going to play out. That clarity doesn't exist today. It's very hard to see until we get much further down through Q2 and into Q3.
Scott Santi: Well, I, I'd say a couple of things, specifically around Q2. One is, certainly in auto and -- what's going on in restaurants right now, food equipment and the whole sort of CapEx environment, why would most companies are certainly pulling back big time in any sort of CapEx until they have more clarity as to what the future will hold. What I would say also is in Q2 that's certainly a significant multiplier is all the supply chain, the brakes go on, there's a multiplying effect of both. Beyond just the consumption of whatever the products are. It's related to the reduction, radical reduction in inventories to supportive, significant double-digit drop. So I'm not sure there's a lot of comparisons to the market and that valid and Q2 for that reason. Let's get through it. Let the smoke clear a little bit and see how things are starting to normalize in Q3 before we make any assessments in terms of relative growth. 
Scott Santi: Yeah. Let me ask Michael address for April and sort of the relative Q2 performance across the segment.
Scott Santi: Well, I think this is certainly -- I'm not sure. Certainly, from my own perspective, how much past history is really relevant and valid. We're a very different company today than we were under -- in any prior contraction. And I would say, the other element is, this is a harder, faster, more challenging decline than any of us -- anybody's ever been through. So from the standpoint of the kinds of potential impacts it may have on a number of companies and what that might do ultimately to -- think about sort of the hard crash in a relatively robust kind of recovery, there's going to be a lot of -- you're going to have to be able to respond quickly all the way through the supply chain, not just your own capacity. So there's going to be a lot of challenges around. All of that, depending on different industries and how they ultimately recover in the pace. So I can't certainly predict or say that we have any view that one part of our company is going to be more ripe for those kinds of opportunities than others at this particular stage. What I am saying is, we're going to be prepared in every one of our businesses to be there, to be able to seize those opportunities if and when they emerge. And I think that's all I can say. We are -- I think we've done a lot of work on the portfolio, to say there's any part of our portfolio that we don't want to grow incrementally at this point, and it is not the way I would characterize it. I would also say that we're not going to -- we're not interested in superficial gains here. We're interested in share gains in areas where we're already focused. That’s it. The way we're trying to serve and grow our positions in these markets for the long haul. So, we're not going to be looking for a quick sale and bailing out a competitor in an area that's not of interest to us long term. And that's a lot of what we're going through in the planning right now, is to not only make sure we have the capacity to support those incremental opportunities, but to make sure that our divisions have real clarity in terms of exactly where they're looking to grab those opportunities and where they're not.
Scott Santi: Well, yes, I think it's harder to sort of characterize in one description a range of scenarios, but I do think the productive capacity is actually a big part of it, that as these markets turn, to the extent you haven't kept cushion in your supply chain, cushion in your capacity. Again, you can have the machines sitting around, but if you don't have the people there, you don't have the suppliers there ready to go, think about a scenario where we're in the second quarter, businesses in an industry is going to be down 30%. If it's down only 15% in Q3, that's a sequential improvement at a clip like nobody ever attest to manage before. And so I think those are -- I wouldn't discount your ability to deliver and supply as a core part of where these opportunities might emerge.
Scott Santi: I can frame it. The big difference between Q1 and Q2 is the magnitude of the revenue decline, right? So we handled 9% decline in Q1, 7% organic. And certainly, those business level tactical adjustments, as Michael said, showed up very strong. The difference in Q2 is the magnitude of revenue decline is significantly greater. Those tactical adjustments are still there and ongoing. That's what when we talk about managing the business prudently, all of that is still in place. But we're also saying to our businesses, let's not react to this Q2 -- unprecedented Q2 that's not going to be reality beyond Q2. And we've -- as we've talked about a number of different levels here, we're going to preserve our ability to structure ourselves appropriately going forward and not react or overreact to the short-term conditions in Q2. Could the decrementals be better in Q2 if we wanted to drive something at that? Sure. But do we think that's the right thing to do for our company? Absolutely not.
Scott Santi: And I think that, we've always been a source-local company. So from the standpoint of the diversity of our supply base that we are not dependent on one source relationships of finance globally, that we've got some level of risk mitigation and ability to shift and or go down.
Scott Santi: I would say that, we have almost no visibility in near-term, in terms of how inventories have been adjusted. I think it's a safe assumption to say that, anybody in the distribution business is certainly managing that aspect of their business very carefully. And ultimately, again, there are -- there's a sort of magnitude of decline and potentially magnitude of correction the other way that there are going to be factors here in terms of how companies are positioned to ultimately handle it. But I don't think we have any ability to say whether inventories are too high or too low still in the channel across most of our businesses at this point.
Scott Santi: It's still challenged. And I mean, I think the closest you can get to talking about something stabilized are the data points that we provided on China were like I said, you know, in February, our sales were down I think 36% was the number and in April were flat. So that's probably the best I can give you. I think as we look at the regional numbers here, for Q2, total company is down 30 to 40, North America will probably be at the lower end of that in terms of down in that 25% to 35% range. And Europe will be higher than that and then China, like we said, flat for the quarter, maybe a little bit better, but, not to get into a sort of pick and choose situation. But, I would say, often things are not as bad in some cases, as any of us expected. It's not terrible. It's a unique situation. But we've got parts of our portfolio that are certainly stabilizing. And I'm thinking of some elements of business that are certainly there. They're all under some challenge, but if I want to -- I don't know to look at that we're still serving customers. And yeah, we're still in business. So we'll get through it.
Scott Santi: I don't know if that changes a whole lot. We are highly automated in certain parts of the company because that's the right thing for the business in terms of not just the cost productivity, but also the level of quality that we need to build in the product. We have, -- as we've talked about forever, we have never been constrained from the standpoint of capital investments. So I don't know that I have any view that says because of the pandemic, we're going to have a shift in strategy under -- within the framework of 80/20, front to back in our business model. I think certainly, that business model helps us a great deal as we work our way through. A lot of the issues and challenges that will come about, but it doesn't – I’m trying to think about your question, I can't think of anything fine.
Scott Santi: Yeah. And I was going to say the -- all the projects and activities that add up to the enterprise initiative savings, those projects are still there. So, you know, nothing's really changed from that standpoint.
Scott Santi: I think we're got to let the smoke clear a little bit here to answer your question. I don't know, I certainly -- will there be some businesses that there's some fundamental change in the overall demand profile based on the impact of the pandemic. I'm sure across 85 divisions; we’ll have some of that. We’ll have some others that will have -- as we've talked about a lot, some incremental growth opportunities that will have to support with some investments. So we'll get to all that stuff. It's really hard sitting here in –
Scott Santi: Yeah, I can only speak for ITW in that regard, largely, which is that we have always been a produce where we sell company and we've talked about that often. And so from the standpoint of how any of this impacts our footprint from the standpoint of where we produce and where we source none of this changes any of that. I certainly think that there is likely to be, directionally, more movement for all the reasons you talked about amongst global manufacturers around localizing their production. I think there's certainly are going to be some lessons learned from the standpoint of the need to balance both lowest cost, the low-cost, lowest cost country sourcing, lowest cost with resilience, and redundancy. And so I absolutely think that will play itself out. From our standpoint, I don't know that, that presents any more or less opportunities. We're serving our customers globally. We'll certainly, perhaps, affect some of our supply points into those customers from a geography standpoint, but none of it that's going to have -- that I would say would result in any significant shift for us one way or the other.
Michael Larsen: I might just add Ann, if you specific to oil and gas, if you look at the enterprise level, our sales into oil and gas are in the no single-digits and maybe as you were pointing out, primarily in welding, maybe 15% to 20% of welding depending on what year you're in, primarily on the international side. But as Scott said, it's really too early to tell what the recovery path might look like in that part of the company.
Michael Larsen: Yeah I think, Andy, as we pointed out the hardest hit segment as you might expect is the one that we're calling out specifically with automotive down 60% to 70%. And I think as you called out, that is a 10 point drag on our overall enterprise top line. So if you were to say ex-auto, we -- balance of the businesses is down in that 20% to 30% range. Food equipment certainly one of the more challenged businesses here in the short term, particularly in the restaurant side, without going into too much detail, but we're seeing a lot more resilience in food within on the institutional side, whether it'd be health care or education as well as on the retail side, as you might imagine. So, but overall food equipment will certainly be more challenge than the average, probably down in that 35% to 45% range here in the in the near term, and recovery will depend on all the things that you're aware of in terms of when these restaurants are able to open back up again, when we’re able to co service the equipment and so forth. Welding certainly challenged on the CapEx side. We talked a lot about the oil and gas exposure their. Welding would be down probably in line with the average of the company and then from there, there's some pretty good resilience in places like testing measurements, specialties and will probably be down in that 10% to 20% range. So, I think this is as difficult of Q2 as certainly, we've seen and it happened that as you know, very quickly. And I'll just point back to the overall profitability of the company. I mean, even with these numbers I just went through, we are going to be very profitable. We're going to generate more than $0.5 billion of free cash flow. We'll have at the enterprise level, double digit operating margins. There'll be higher than some of our peers going into before this whole, pre COVID situation. So it's a real position of strength, even with this macro shock that we're dealing with, we'll get through the near term and, we'll be much stronger when we come out the other end. So, that's kind of my segment a little bit of detail for you. April is tracking. I think we had a forecast going into -- we developed early. April, we thought we'd be down 30% to 40%. And April is tracking. April will – April and May, will be difficult months. There are some indications that things are starting to improve. I think Scott mentioned by region, China, for example, we had a bottom probably in the month of February down in the mid 30s. And April was flat so, in the automotive business might be flat in Q2 here in China. So, there's certainly some early signs that things have bottomed here in April and May, like I said difficult and then we'll see June. But obviously, all of this with the usual caveats. This is a highly uncertain situation. But, I'd say, as we sit here today, I'm pretty confident that we're seeing the worst of it right now. And we'll get through this. And we'll see what the second half of the year is going to look like in terms of recovery.
Michael Larsen: Yeah. Thanks for the kind words, Jeff. I mean I think this was a good example in Q1 of what Scott was talking about that nobody is sitting around in our divisions that are waiting for somebody to tell them what to do. They react quickly -- the team reacts quickly when they see changes in demand. And so I think with revenues down 9%, the fact that margins were flat up in five or seven segments, the big driver continues to be, for us, after seven-plus years, the enterprise initiatives at 120 basis points. And price cost, no longer an issue for us. And then, of course, the volume leverage, we were able to offset some pretty meaningful headwind there to hold margins flat. So we expect the enterprise initiatives to continue as we go through the year. With lower volume, the overall contribution might be a little less than what you've seen in Q1 and last year in the 100-plus range, but it will still be a meaningful lever within our own control as we go through the worst of it here in Q2 and then head into the recovery in Q3 and Q4. I don't know if you want to talk about anything specifically. But by segment, the biggest driver is -- remains enterprise initiatives in that 70 to 160 basis points range by segment. And like I said, we expect that to continue to be a meaningful contribution as we go forward.
Michael Larsen: It’s a nice try. I mean, like I said earlier, we just don't know yet. I mean -- and this is not -- with this company is a bottoms-up company and the restructuring will be what our VP, GMs and division leadership teams decide that they need to do once they have a clearer view of what the demand picture is. At that point, we have plenty of capacity and funding for all the investments we want to make, and -- including some of the restructuring that maybe required as we go forward. So, -- but that's really the best I can give you right now.
