Michael Larsen: Well, I think Q4 certainly the growth rates in those businesses were better than what we saw in Q3. Part of that was a number of orders in Q3 that were deferred into Q4. And so I think it's -- in our view, it's a little too early to talk about a pickup in demand here in those businesses. Certainly encouraging, but a little too early to tell Andy.
Michael Larsen: Well, I mean, let's take one year at a time here. I think the fact that we are eight years into this current enterprise strategy and still generating, 100 basis points of margin expansion in 2020 is certainly encouraging. We've talked about before why that is, 80/20 today is significantly more powerful than when we began this journey. We've continued to learn and gotten better from an execution standpoint. The raw materials that we're working with in terms of the quality of the businesses are significantly higher after all the work we've done in the portfolio. And so I think we're really encouraged by the continued progress. We're highly confident that we will reach our 2023 performance goals. 80, 20 will be a big -- continue to be a big part of that, but it's a little too early to tell what those contributions might be in 2021 and 2022, but you can rest assure that we are highly confident in achieving those margin objectives we've put out there.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So I think this is -- the cadence here was in line with the process that we've laid out. We've got a number of businesses. So three divestitures completed. I think when we filed a 10-K, you'll see that there are another three at this point that are in that held for sale category. And then there will be a number of businesses beyond that. So, we're making good progress in a little bit more challenging macro than what we had expected maybe going into this, but the most important…
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think, I was going to say, it's probably slowed things down maybe a little bit. I think the really important thing is we are -- we're still on track to achieve the 50 basis points of structural improvement in our organic growth rate and a 100 basis points of margin improvement, current expectations, we're targeting to get those done by the end of 2020, and we certainly have a shot at that, but as Scott said, I mean, just given the macro backdrop that might get pushed out a little bit. But overall these processes are on track.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think we have certainly been more active from the standpoint and we've talked about it before in terms of our willingness to consider adding to the portfolio, the right kind of assets. And we're certainly I had -- let's just call it maxed up by our activity in that regard in 2019. As it is obvious, we didn't hit on anything yet in that regard. And it's a combination always of sort of the fit in terms of strategy and also sort of the valuation environment. And I would say the overall color in 2019 is that we looked at some things that we're interested strategically that from a valuation standpoint didn't hit the screen, didn't meet the criteria, and we will continue to be active in assessing opportunities to add to our portfolios as we've talked about in the past, but we're going to remain a very disciplined posture in that regard. And I have no doubt that we will very successfully add to our portfolio as we go.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So the -- at this point Mig, we are guiding to margins for 2020 in that 24.5% to 25% range which includes restructuring. So on a year-over-year basis at this point we are assuming that restructuring will be flat and obviously we'll see how the year plays out and adjusts accordingly.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So I think for 2020, we provided quite of bit information already. And maybe one way to think about it is, the initiatives contribute a 100 basis points. We have positive volume leverage baked into our guidance. You can look at historically based on Europe organic growth rate, what the impact might be there. Price cost, we're assuming neutral at this point, maybe slightly positive and we'll see how that plays out. The divestitures that we completed in '19, that is a little bit of a favoribility to margins. And then, I'd say the remainder here is, we're going to continue to invest to support our organic growth initiatives. We're going to invest in our people and we're going to invest to sustain our core businesses as we always have. And so if you kind of look at the remaining buckets, 2020, maybe expect it to be similar to what we had in 2019.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think, Mig, this is really across the board as I think I said in my comments, we expect every one of our segments based on our bottoms up planning process, based on what they have told us really at the divisional level on up, we expect every segment to continue to make progress in 2020 over 2019.
Michael Larsen: Yes. And I think you saw a good example of that. This quarter if you look at just the performance in test and measurement margins up, 330 basis points, two-thirds of that was the volume leverage and the enterprise initiatives. So, you can see what happens in these businesses when we get a little bit of volume, a little bit of organic growth coming through. So…
Michael Larsen: Well, I'd say these are all, first of all based on kind of current run rates. And so, I think there are a couple of segments here that have a slightly wider range automotive OEM, welding, which reflects maybe a little more market uncertainty in those. I think Food Equipment has a measurement those look pretty solid, Food Equipment in that two to four range, Test and Measurement one to three. And then, you can see the rest here, Polymers and Fluids, Construction, Specialty kind of in that low-single-digit at the mid point. So that's kind of -- I think how we characterize it. I mean, as you know Ann, this is a pretty uncertain environment, right? I mean this is -- 2019 is a challenging year. 2020, we've got to -- we have to see how this China situation plays out that we just talked about. And so as we sit here today, this is kind of our current forecast using the current levels of demand that we're seeing in these businesses.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think -- so Polymers and Fluids, about half of the business is -- when you say consumer-driven you're pointing I think to the automotive aftermarket business. If you just look at kind of where retail numbers are in that space, they're probably down slightly. We've had some challenges this year on the MRO side.
Michael Larsen: More B2B, the fluids business on the MRO side, particularly in Europe. And then, you also have a couple of other end markets that are not exactly very favorable at this point, including some petrochemical exposure. There is some marine exposure and so overall, we'd say Polymers and Fluids flat in 2019 and slightly positive here in 2020.
Michael Larsen: Yes, that is correct. Okay. So the inventory adjustment, sorry, I need to interrupt you, but the inventory adjustment, it's one that we make every year. And it's just that this year, because raw material costs have come down throughout the year that adjustments is a little bit larger than prior years as we mark-to-market the inventory. And so we decided to call it out as a separate item and kind of give you the transparency, the detail around that.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So those -- but let me start with that one. So the ones that you'll see that are held for sale, we are assuming in our guidance that we are going to own those in 2020. So 2020 numbers exclude any further divestitures as well as any acquisitions. So this is really -- think of it as all in as we the businesses that we own today. I think on your first question, I think it's a little bit of both. I mean, I think some of these, it's an element of timing. And I also think the…
Michael Larsen: Process is taking a little bit more longer, maybe that has to do with the desire to do maybe more due diligence. And then, I think the other piece is, the macro backdrop, there is some uncertainty and so I think we've seen some of both of those, but -- and then I'll just say finally, I mean we're going to be disciplined as we divest these businesses. And if this is not, if this isn't the right time to do it from an evaluation standpoint, we might defer some of these processes into next year. So, we'll keep you posted as we go through the year and get on these earnings calls. And we'll get you an update on the processes.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think they're all pretty similar. I mean, there's a range. The average maybe it's the way to think about it is in that high-single digits EBIT percentage. So that's one way to think about it.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think nothing has changed in terms of our view on the margin target as I said earlier. I mean, Ross, it might be helpful, the three to five, we know that we're not going to grow three to five every year. This is over a five-year period, we'd expect kind of in a normal macro that's the performance that we should be able to deliver. And with that comes to margins in that 28% range and EPS growth in the low double-digit, everything that we've laid out for 2023. So our views on those haven't changed just given the macro that we're in today.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean, again, I think the biggest driver here remains the continued strong execution on the enterprise initiatives. And then, there's a reasonable assumption of some volume leverage that comes with that. And you saw that, like I said earlier, if you look at Test and Measurement is a great example this quarter, you got a little bit of volume leverage. We get a normal macro environment. We're going to get there very quickly. I think that's what we're trying to say here. And over any five-year period, we expect that we'll average in that three to five range, but if we get a couple of really good years and we'll get there faster than that.
Michael Larsen: No. Not at this point. I think, Q4 was really more of the same. This remains a pretty challenging, a pretty challenging environment, so.
Michael Larsen: China is very solid. I mean, I think we have a long track record. The team has a long track record of outgrowing the underlying market there by a wide margin. And as I think we said in the prepared remarks, big drivers are continued penetration with local OEMs and there is a lot of runway still. And if you just look at the projects that have been locked in for the next two to three years, we're confident that that outperformance will continue.
Michael Larsen: Yes. That's correct. So let me just spend a second on that. So kind of the -- our estimate for surplus capital for the year is 1.5 billion, but that's currently allocated to share repurchases. I think of those as kind of the core share repurchases. And then there's an incremental 500 million to offset the EPS or the earnings that went away with those three divestitures. And to the extent that there are -- hopefully there are further divestitures this year. We will adjust that share repurchase number accordingly. So we could end up at a number that's higher than what's on the page today.
Michael Larsen: Mine is exactly the same. I would just add, John, that at Investor Day, we obviously going to spend a lot of time on this topic of organic growth including, we'll give you a progress update if you would call on the number of divisions that are in that ready to grow and growing category defined as consistently growing above market. We're not going to -- and we'll share those numbers with you and you'll see we made steady progress in 2019. And we expect to -- as we execute on some really focused plans in 2020 to continue to make progress on that. So we'll share those metrics with you and we'll also give you some real divisional examples because that's really where this work is taking place. To give you kind of some insights to what Scott's talking about. The whole company is focused on getting the organic growth rate going and we'll give you a lot more detail on that when we get together in March.
Michael Larsen: Yes. I think on the restructuring, maybe I'll start with that. I think, we'll see how the year unfolds. And if market conditions deteriorate similar to what we did last year, we'll pull forward some of these enterprise initiative projects specifically related to our 80, 20 front to a back pipeline. I expect we will play at the same way in 2020. Welding, I think difficult comps. I'll start there. That's a business that was up 10% in 2018, it's slightly down in 2019 at current run rates. We're estimating down 2 to plus 2, and that's really, as much as we know at this point. We know that in all of our businesses, regardless of what the environment throws at us, we will react accordingly. And manage the cost side of the equation as we always do. Like we did in 2019 and 2020 will not be different, but I don't have a better -- we don't have a better crystal ball than you in terms of what welding might look like other than, we're using current run rates and…
Michael Larsen: Well, I mean, I think -- like I said earlier, we were in a pretty challenging demand environment. And in the guidance range, what we try to do is account for a wide range of possible scenarios. I think the biggest swing factor here will be the overall demand environment. And so if things remain where they are you know, we'll be likely closer to the mid point, if things accelerate from a demand standpoint, we'll be at the high end or, or above. And if things slow further, we'll be at the lower end. So I think that's really the, the best answer. I can give you the remainder of the items, you know, the initiatives. We've clear line of sight as I think Scott said earlier, do all the projects and activities and that'll generate those savings. We know what the share repurchase program in terms of share count will do. Currency, tax we're using, the rates that we gave you. And so I think those are -- there's a lot less variation around those. The swing factor here is whether the overall demand environment and in the near-term this situation in China that needs to be sorted out. And so we're keeping a close eye on that. So that's probably the best I can give you.
Michael Larsen: No. That's not the current plan on the restructuring, I think it'll be more kind of equally spread throughout the year. If the demand environment deteriorates, we can obviously adjust. I think on your first question. So as you appreciate, we don't provide quarterly guidance anymore. I think if you look at kind of historically at how organic growth and margins and EPS kind of plays out through the year. If you look at historical averages, you can get pretty close to a reasonable scenario here. I think in Q1, we have this added uncertainty around China. So we'll have to see where the organic growth rate ends up. And then I think on margins, typically what you see in Q1 is some margin improvement year-over -ear. And then sequentially Q2 Q3 gets better. And then Q4 is slightly lower. So if you look at these historical trends Joe, I think you can -- I think that's pretty informative as you think about 2020.
Michael Larsen: Yes. So the commercial business can be a little lumpy on a quarterly basis. Really they're related to the timing of projects. So 5% in the quarter was certainly one of the better numbers from that business. I think if you look at the full year the business construction and the commercial side is actually down low single digits. And so, I think we expect a current runway rates, it'll be a similar to that in 2020. So I wouldn't expect a significant acceleration in 2020 and again, the Q4 number at 5% is at the high-end of what this business typically does.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think to answer your question, we try to do is bracket kind of the mid point of what the runway would suggest for 2020, adjusted for typical seasonality. So that's probably the best I can give you pro welding. So, our capital goods to consumable ratio and welding is 60.
Michael Larsen: No, I think, the industrial side, so think more heavy equipment. There's certainly some contraction and demand there down those single digits. I think the commercial side, which is more the smaller businesses, personal users that's more flattish at this point. And I think we gave you oil and gas earlier. Was I think down 2%. And so that's probably as much color as I can give you a welding.
Michael Larsen: Well, I think Nigel, so far contributions from 80/ 20 and sourcing have been fairly equal, we divided I think under the go forward basis we may see a little bit more impact on the VM side. But, I think overall the important thing is what we talked about earlier, another solid 100 basis points this year and from the enterprise initiatives, what the exact geography will look like. We'll see as the year unfolds. Maybe a little bit more, like I said, on the variable side of things. But overall, what's really encouraging is every segment continues to execute and identify projects, just look at Q4, the range of contribution here is from 80 to -- all the way to 200 basis points and overall 130 basis points in the fourth quarter. So that's probably as much as, yes…
Michael Larsen: Yes. I mean it's really -- it's the mark-to-market of the inventory given that raw material costs have come down. So as we adjust the standards lower to reflect the lower raw material costs, that's the impact that you're seeing.
Michael Larsen: So, I can promise we will provide a lot of detail in the 10-K that should satisfy even the most advanced CPAs amongst us.
Scott Santi: And I'd say that the other delta is, is what you talked about before, which is the volume leverage component, right? The more growth we get, the more increase in the margin we're going to get.
Scott Santi: I'm just going to add. These are all high-quality businesses certainly on a relative basis. They are not businesses that we think are the right fit for us long term, but these are not distressed businesses by any stretch. So these are quality assets that have certainly a lot of appeal. And as Michael said to the extent that the macro environment creates a situation where we don't think we're able to trade at fair value, then we're going wait to cycle out and we'll get there eventually. But we've been able to do three so far. We've got another -- all the three versions.
Scott Santi: I think from the standpoint of our core growth rate objectives, what we are really saying essentially is that this is a business that should out grow the underlying growth rates that the markets we're in from -- anywhere from say 2% to 4% on an average basis over time. We're in a situation right now where the market and our estimation of the blended market rate, these are -- sort of using our best assumptions was down 2.5 last year. So, in a normal, let's call it a normal average GDP world of you pick whether it's two or three on a long-term basis and that's where the three to five essentially comes from in terms of the overall expectations that we have for this company. And there's nothing in this, call it industrial recessionary environment that would in any way change the view of what we think our long-term potential is. This is a highly differentiated portfolio. We've talked before and again, we'll get into a lot more depth on this at the Investor Day, but we've got the ability to generate at least the point of incremental growth from innovation. And other point from penetration is the simple math. That's the bottom-line standard that we're working to position ourselves to execute consistently on. And we've got a lot of businesses that are already there and then some. So, the last thing we'd want to do is take a point in time set of market conditions and ultimately get us off of our long-term view of what we think the potential of this company is. I think from a margin standpoint, we've got -- I'll let Michael jump in here, but we've got a set of performance objectives out into the future that we've laid out in the past that we expect to continue to make progress again.
Scott Santi: Yes. I think on the question of Europe and North America, I think the issues now, we're sort of using a very gross number in terms of builds and the underlying issues are given the volatility OEM to OEM in those builds and what's going on in the quarter-to-quarter. It's kind of -- a bit of a choppy comparison. I think on a full year basis, it's a better way to look at our relative performance in Europe and North America. We will be in a position to provide an update on that for '19 at the Investor Day. So some of the -- my only point is, we have a big pipeline of penetration projects in Europe and North America and fully expect on a sort of -- let's call it even a medium term, that we will outgrow those markets by a minimum of two to four points. But some of the last things that have gone on over the last six quarters, both from the standpoint of how different individual OEMs are reacting to some of the current environment and how the supply chains react to those OEMs reacting. There's some sort of real volatility that I think sort of mucks up some of the ability to see through the underlying progress. But we track our penetration on a per vehicle basis with each of the OEMs. And on that basis feel really good about our ability to continue to penetrate at a rate well above market all around the world.
Scott Santi: Yes. I'll sort of piggyback on part of what Michael said earlier, which is -- the enterprise initiative visibility that we have is really about one-year forward, so that those are discrete projects, certainly underneath a broader strategy that is largely around two things at this point, strategic sourcing and continued improvement in the quality of our practice of 80/20 across the company. And so what we're saying now is, we've got another point in front of us in 2020 that certainly I can say with confidence if that's not the end of it. But we will continue to have that as some additional sort of fuel to the profitability story here for a while. The other thing, I can tell you is on sort of the incremental contribution from organic growth as it accelerates. The best way I can frame that as I don't see any way, we don't generate somewhere in the range of 30% to 35% incremental contribution from every dollar of organic growth over and above enterprise initiative.
Scott Santi: You asked to go individually. Michael is going to say he is going to upgrade the quality of the CEO. But I think we're on it. I think the biggest things that we've got to continue to do the thing we've been, it's certainly been the largest part of our focus for the last, I'd say two years now is really continued to accelerate our focus or not just our focus, but our execution on organic growth. And this kind of environment, it's certainly hard to see the underlying progress. But I can tell you that all of us get up every morning thinking about -- our Vice Chair, Chris O'Herlihy, Michael and I and everyone of our AVPs get up every morning thinking about what are we going to do today to help to continue to get this company towards our full potential from an organic growth rate standpoint. I think the other activities around the enterprise initiatives are -- there's a lot of potential there. Those are certainly things that need some level of attention to continue the momentum for sure. But ultimately I feel really good about both the structural and strategic things we're doing from the standpoint of organic growth acceleration. And I don't think that changes in 2020 regardless of what the macro is doing at the moment. Michael to give you his answer.
Scott Santi: The assumption going on. We saw a pretty big pullback in cap spending on, in welling and other places in '19, but I think our assumptions for 20 or certainly not for improvement in the CapEx investment side of that. But I think steady state is a reasonable assumption given the underlying. And input we're getting from our customers and we're seeing in terms of the actual sort of consumption of welding consumables, et cetera.
Scott Santi: I think as you know, our product mix, the geographic mix is quite different than some of our peers in this space. So we are more weighted on the equipment side. That's where the technology is. That's where the higher margins are relative to the consumable side. And you know, we're more weighted towards the North American market, which represents almost 80% of our business.
Scott Santi: I think the only thing I would add is the way this gets executed. We're not going after some ratio on the P& L. We're simplifying business processes. We're improving how we execute. In terms of certainly from the standpoint of productivity and efficiency, but also benefits around how we serve our customers. So none of it is that says, okay, this project, or the focus now is SG&A, the focus is how do we, how do we better support sort of the quality pieces of each of these individual businesses. And so it's hard for me to even think about your question in the sense of sort of where in the geography on the P&L, this is, we're simplifying and improving the effectiveness of the overall performance of the business. And it certainly is going to adjust the ratios on the P&L as a result. I'm sitting here kind of trying to think about your question and it just is kind of outside of how it actually happens. We improve our practices and we generate outcomes in terms of -- and we're, we focus on the top-line and the bottom-line and ultimately to improve the bottom line, those ratios all have to get better in terms of margin, but ultimately it's not really focused at particular slice of the cost structure, but maybe that looks it up even further.
John Inch: Good morning everybody. Hi guys. Michael, just a quick clarification, the repo is going from 1.5 to 2, is that delta of 500 to offset the 1.35 of the divestitures you announced or…
John Inch: Got it. Michael, is overall demand growth presumably begins to come back once we get past some of these China issues in this year and you're spending probably dollars up a little bit consistent with what other companies might be doing. How are you feeling about your confidence level of maintaining or how should we think about, say, a 100 basis points of enterprise initiatives that actually came in the past when growth was better in the environment? Does it, is it one of those things where maybe the -- you get better improvement because of the contribution benefits from improved growth by EI, enterprise initiative benefits sort of bounce back a little bit because of the spending or, , how would you think of the mix of that? I suppose on an improving…
John Inch: I mean, the way you talked about Instron last time was very helpful. So yes, very much looking forward to it. Thank you very much. Bye. Bye.
