Brian Duperreault: Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. On today's call, we will provide an overview of our second quarter financial results and an update on our strategic and operational objectives for the second half of the year. We continue to work with a sense of urgency as we take actions designed to establish a culture of underwriting excellence and to leverage the strength and flexibility of our diversified businesses to invest what we see meaningful opportunities for value creation. The actions we are taking to design the position AIG for long-term sustainable and profitable growth. For the second quarter, we reported $1.3 billion in adjusted pre-tax operating income which included low cat losses and high severe losses in General Insurance. Our calendar year combined ratio was 101.3 and our adjusted accident year combined ratio was 101. Going forward, we will continue to highlight relevant noteworthy items, but these will be two of our primary metrics. As I mentioned last quarter, we expect to deliver an underwriting profit including AAL and General Insurance as we exit 2018. And we remain confident we will achieve this goal. The restructuring charge we announced this morning reflects our focus on cost reductions in General Insurance and at AIG headquarters, which will continue over the balance of the year and which we expect will contribute approximately two points of decline in the combined ratio. In addition, Validus should contribute approximately one point and we expect the remaining improvement will come from our underwriting actions and reinsurance strategies. Looking ahead to 2019 and beyond, our goal is to deliver top quartile financial performance relative to the industry. General Insurance continue to execute on its other strategic priorities such as improving core performance by refining the portfolio, adding highly respected industry executives to its leadership team, strengthening the underwriting organization by recruiting seasoned underwriters and continuing to build out end-to-end business units in North America and International. I'm also pleased that our acquisition of Validus is complete which deepens our value proposition for clients and partners. We are confident that Validus will deliver a compelling value for our shareholders and enhance our overall growth opportunities. Turning to our Life and Retirement business, we had another quarter of strong earnings and return on equity. We also announced the strategic acquisition of Ellipse, a U.K. group life business which will complement our existing U.K. Life business. Life and Retirement saw sales momentum across many product lines and Kevin will provide more information on the opportunities we see throughout their broad business mix and distribution channels. You also saw we took further action to efficiently manage our Legacy liabilities and maximize financial flexibility with the sale of 19.9% of DSA Re. These steps put DSA Re on the path to independence while allowing AIG to free up capital and participate in the build-out and growth of the business. Looking ahead, I remain confident in our team's ability to deliver improved operating and financial performance as we continue to execute against our strategic priorities and importantly, reinforce AIG's position as a leading global insurer, a responsible corporate citizen and a rewarding place for our talented and committed colleagues. Now, I will turn the call over to Sid, who will provide information on our financial results.
Brian Duperreault: Thank you, Kevin. Before we open it up to Q&A, I want to highlight all the progress we've made to-date, and how well positioned we are going forward. When I rejoined AIG, I said we would pursue profitable growth that is organic and inorganic. This past July, we closed on the company's first acquisition of size in 17 years by acquiring Validus. You also heard us speak of the year of the underwriter and we created a leadership team of industry experts with proven track records. As said, our composite structure provides meaningful value to our stakeholders and this quarter showed the balance Life and Retirement's consistent earnings double-digit returns and strong cash flow bring to AIG. And finally, we described our prudent approach to managing capital. Yesterday, we announced the partial sale of DSA Re, another significant step to exit our Legacy business allowing us to deploy capital at higher returns. All these actions move AIG towards profitable and sustainable growth. We continue to pursue top quartile performance with a strong sense of urgency. I could not be more pleased with the leadership team and colleagues across AIG, and I'm confident that our financial results will soon reflect their efforts. And with that, we'll turn it over to Q&A.
Brian Duperreault: Well, you know it's about 10% of the portfolio and it produces a good combine. So I think that's a pretty good number one point because it adds a very significant good underwriting combined business to our portfolio. But it is 10%. I also said that we've got a restructuring charge in the second quarter, we're going to continue to do work in the remaining second half of the year. All-in-all with the restructuring and other things that we're addressing in expense, we would expect the expense ratio for General Insurance to improve by two points.
Brian Duperreault: Well, no, I put that out so you could get some understanding of when I talk about entering 2019 that business would be showing a 2% expense ratio improvement. Now, you know you could have expense ratio improvements but it won't necessarily all show up in fourth quarter because you could still have some spend -- partial spend in the quarter that would be discontinued by the end of the year. So it's an entry rate into 2019.
Brian Duperreault: Well, thank you for the arithmetic on that. I said why wouldn't it be the top quartile and how do we get there? You got to continue to address the underwriting that we've been doing. We have to see the results and believe the results saying Casualty where it takes a while for the improvements to manifest themselves. So we will have loss picks which we will be -- which will have some conservative nature to them as all reserves should and we'll let those emerge and we'll see what happens. So our expectations and improvements we're doing will show up even great over time, but we need to see it. And you need to see it. So it's a market that is dynamic and prices are -- movement all the time. So you have to continually address what you're doing on a daily basis. And that could mean, you buy more reinsurance, it could mean the volumes go down, it could mean that prices are hardening and your volumes go up. So it's an actively managed portfolio. That actively managed portfolio will continue to improve and one of the big issues is our expense levels. Our expense levels even with that 2% improvement is nowhere near where it needs to be. So you'll see us address not just the pricing side and the loss ratio, but you'll see us address -- continue to address the expenses. Expense management is a way of life. It's got to be a way of life in this company. And I think those are the two things will get us down to -- get us to that top quartile position.
Brian Duperreault: Yeah, thanks, Elyse. Well, I think I've said this quite a few times in these calls about what priorities we would have. And yes, I always look for acquisitions. But we have our standards and Validus was a great example of our standards. I mean it filled in parts of portfolio that we didn't have, it added great people and capabilities to the company. So we continue to look for businesses that do that that, that bring great people make us better and add to the portfolio mix. So Life Insurance would be a place I would look if I could. So where we have somewhat -- we're somewhat confined geographically if we could spread our capabilities out, we have got great skill sets around retirement, the demographics of this world are pretty consistent, people getting older and more in need of our capabilities every minute. If we could find that, that'd be great. We have an international footprint. I'd love to maximize that better than we have in the past and then there's elements of our General Insurance business in the U.S. where we're dominated with large Commercial where I'd like to have some balance large and small. Now, having said that, acquisitions are very difficult to predict, a lot of things have to go right and I can't tell you we'll do one anytime in the near future. I just don't know. But I do look and you can't find a great one if you're not looking. So we look. Okay, next question.
Brian Duperreault: Yeah, he's a great addition. We talked about him earlier. Well, look, he's a thorough professional and he will, I hope, do continuous improvement on what we do so that we remain – that we continue to improve constantly. So I can't imagine that we would stay status quo. Now having said that, I've said earlier in previous discussions, I'm comfortable with our methodology and process, but everything can be improved. So I fully expect that he will continue to improve it. Yes, absolutely. Go ahead, Jay.
Brian Duperreault: Yeah. I mean, it's going to run off the way it runs off. I mean, I don't think the sale of it in any way changes how it's going to run off. If it goes faster, it goes faster.
Brian Duperreault: Well, I don't know, Larry. In fairness a lot was done. $2 billion of expenses were taken out. I mean, please, that's a lot of -- that's heavy lifting. That's a lot of stuff. But once that was all done and you take a look at the results, the expense ratios remain high. And so, all it said was more needed to be done. That was a beginning but not an end. And I said expense management, it's got to be a way of life around here. And so we'll continue to look at it. We have to address, maybe some things weren't addressed. We're addressing it now like our manual processes and things like that. But no, I don't want to -- no, it's not fair. There was a lot of good work being done prior to my arrival in expenses. We just have to continue it. That's all.
Brian Duperreault: Well, we are running out of time. So I think at this point, we should end this and I just want to, once again, thank the investor community for staying with us on this. It's not a straight line, but it is an improving line and the results will begin to show themselves. I want to thank all my colleagues the great work that you're doing as we make this company a great company. So thank you, everybody.
Peter Zaffino: Sure. I think we have. If you were to take our 2017 year-end exit and you adjust and taking what we saw for increased frequency on the severes, what we've done in terms of some of the Personal Insurance has actually seen a benefit of around 100 basis points. I think some of that is just, again, masked with some of the other things that are happening where we had a little bit more frequency on attritional and our International Commercial and a little bit of business mix shift in the United States, and saw a little bit more frequency in our high net worth book than we have on keeping up with loss cost trends. So I think all-in-all, we had seen a slight improvement. It's just that there's a little bit more variables in the second quarter that doesn't necessarily identify it.
Peter Zaffino: Well, let's take the exit first. So the fourth quarter will be based on earned premiums that were produced over the previous -- written premiums over the previous 12 months. So I'm not saying the fourth quarter is going to be under 100, but what I'm saying is the earned premiums that we produced which enter into 2019 in the first quarter we expect to be producing a combined ratio under 100. And we would expect further improvement through the year. I'm not going to tell you what my numbers might be. But I'm trying to get across to everyone that there is improvement in this book. It's not a straight line, but the line is an improvement line. And we will start to show underwriting profitability, not anywhere near where it should be, but we'll start to show underwriting profitability as we enter 2019 and exit 2018. And Validus is the – it's the published results to Validus, so it's going to include all the adjustments that would be made.
Peter Zaffino: Yeah. So what Brian said in his opening comments, I mean really the components we talked about expense, we talked about Validus, we expect to see improvement in the accident year loss ratios over time and so was an example of that. We're getting rate on property. We saw a positive trend. It was one quarter, but on the attritionals and property. And so if you normalize out some of the severe and see some of the attritional as we go from a large limit strategy to a more concentrated, we still have a very big presence in the market in terms of our ability to put out limit, but we're going to watch deductibles, we're going to watch in terms of how much risk we take on any one in particular account. But that also goes into how we are positioning excess Casualty financial lines and a lot of our businesses across all of AIG. And then I think the reinsurance, Elyse, was what we had talked leading up until now has been heavily focused on reducing volatility, making sure we're addressing some of the large limit. We saw benefit in the PML. We've seen benefits in AAL and property. And as we look to the back half of the year, we're going to look at our entire portfolio, in particular, Casualty and be very strategic on how we look at the reinsurance with partners in the reinsurance market and we would expect to see a benefit from that in 2019.
Peter Zaffino: Yeah. So we talked, I think, in the past couple of quarters about the PML reductions. The AAL's for AIG alone dropped about 20% from five to four through actions of re-underwriting as well as reinsurance. When we were doing diligence on Validus, again, we will need to refresh it but we just basically kept them flat where they had about an 8% load for AALs and made that – the combination has AIG and Validus down about in the 4.5% plus or minus range. So even with the addition, we're below where we were at this time last year and as we exited 2017 and expected that the combination will be slightly lower than where last year. We'll give you an update as we look to the third quarter and fourth quarter.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Well, we haven't concluded on our PGAAP work. We'll update you in the third quarter on our numbers if that's what you guys are asking for the size of that.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Yeah, I mean I think with this transaction that addresses the vast bulk of our Legacy portfolio, there are some remaining pieces which are both on the liability side and investment side. But we'll deal with those, of course, in what I would call normal course here. I think we're very pleased with the progress that this transaction represents.
Siddhartha Sankaran: No, Tom, I think you're spot on. The intercompany that we referenced is in Legacy, and so any impact would reside in the Legacy segment to book equity. And the remaining – in response to Kai's question, the remaining pieces of Legacy outside of DSA Re and this would be relatively small. So there's a small subset of insurance liabilities, which we feel we largely can manage in normal course and then a small subset of invested assets, which I think our CIO, Doug Dachille and the team have done a great job on over the last couple of years.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Well, I think, Jay, it's Sid, as we've reminded you, I think obviously the liabilities for DSA of course are very long duration in nature, so well north of 10 years. So just simply by executing the transaction, I think we've accelerated the pace. And everything we do is around evaluating what maximizes value and we felt this transaction maximizes value for us.
