Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Sure, Meyer. Thank you for the question. Like you said, we've provided a lot of information in our prepared remarks. But I think, Mark, why don't you go through what the effects are in exposure and also talk a little bit about sort of the loss ratio implications in the observations that we made? Mark Lyons;Executive Vice President, Global Chief Actuary and Head of Portfolio Management: Happy to. So a couple of things come to mind. First off, as Peter mentioned, North America Commercial aggregate loss trend is now up to 6% this quarter as opposed to our upper revision we did last quarter, the 5.5%, because we look at that every quarter. Short-tailed lines are driving much of this increase, and that is seen in our own data as well as external information. And over the last few years, because I'm talking about the weighted average loss cost trend there, the North American portfolio has reduced its property writings and has shrunk as a percentage of total, which helps ameliorate the growth in severity. So -- but we're seeing commercial property line loss cost trends of roughly 10% and in specialty-oriented property lines closer to 15%, driven by inflationary trends in construction materials, replacement costs, labor, transportation, things of that nature. Our view of casualty, bodily injury and the medical side of work comp, though, is unchanged from last quarter. And recall that even that reflected an increment of anticipatory medical cost increase. But as Peter said in his prepared remarks, we have yet to see it within our own data or with relevant external data. Now I think getting into some of your question as well, it's hard to discuss loss cost trend without discussing the related topic of margin, which reflects the exposure trend and how that mitigates the loss cost trend that we've already just talked about. The aggregate North American Commercial book has an approximate 2% exposure trend, which, as you mentioned, represents additional collected premium due to the positive impact of the underlying inflation sensitive exposure basis to which the rates are applied. And therefore, it does function as a partial inflation mitigant. And examples of that would be one of our growth engines, which is Lexington, which has approximately 60% of their book based on inflation-sensitive exposure basis. And another one would be retail property, where the focus on accurate and current statement of values is razor sharp in that level of focus. So the exposure trend is partially mitigating these loss cost trends, which then produces the approximate 4% all-in loss ratio trend that Peter commented on. But -- so when you put that in conjunction with the 7% rate increases achieved in the quarter, we're in excess of loss cost trend and loss ratio trend, let alone the loss ratio benefits of tighter terms and conditions. And rate change alone really doesn't tell the whole picture. We've spoken before about the power of the primary, especially in D&O. AIG's position there permits deploying [ ventilate ] capacity as we see fit, but just as important is the stronger pricing power resident in the primary versus high excess, which is fast becoming a good commodity driven by high price or highly by price and seeing the largest rate reductions. That's the strength of the primary. But I think lastly, just I think a clarification, it may or may make some sense, so think of it this way, let's not get confused on the difference between a real underlying exposure to loss with the measurement of that exposure to loss. So to keep it simple, if storekeeper A buys a GL policy, which is mostly a premises policy, and the insurer uses square footage as the exposure base, then the premium paid is rate times square footage, of course. And next year, if there is no rate change, he'll have the same premium. However, if storekeeper B has an identical store in the same geographic area and the same sales volume, but their insurer instead rates on gross receipts, and those receipts are 3% higher this year than last year, the true underlying exposure as measured by the propensity to have a claim didn't change, but the measurement of that exposure did change. So storekeeper B's premium will be 3% higher than that charged by insurer A, even though the stores are identical in every way. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. I think maybe I'd just add to that, and we'll take the next question, which is all the significant repositioning we've done in the excess and surplus lines, particularly with the Lexington. You hear a lot about in the prepared remarks because they've done such a great job between growth, rate, retention and pivoting that portfolio to be a significant contributor in terms of profitability improvement. I mean, we've gotten on property alone 16 consecutive quarters of double-digit rate increases. And as Mark alluded to, that just starts to drive margins. So we are repositioning the portfolio based on where we see the best risk-adjusted returns. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. Thanks, Erik. We provided a lot of sort of guidance in our prepared remarks, but let me try to add to it. Our plan has always been to do an IPO of Corebridge, and that has not changed. So now we are targeting September. I mean, we gave you some of the variables, but obviously there's more to consider like you outlined. We just felt that the market conditions in the second quarter were not conducive. We always intend to own greater than 50% following the IPO. And therefore, we'll continue to consolidate results for the foreseeable future. The base case is still to do secondary offerings, but those will likely take place in 2023. And so look, we're going to watch the market. We always have to be careful in terms of the conditions that exist in the regulatory approvals. But our base case has just shifted from May, June to September. And we'll watch it carefully, and we'd like to get it floating. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. Thanks, Brian. Yes. So as we said, we're really proud and pleased that we just finished AIG 200, and that will start to continue to earn in. The work that we did in the summer for Corebridge, we increased our expectations there over the 3-year period to be now at the upper end of the range of $400 million. So our primary focus is the underwriting excellence in terms of the improvement, the focus on continuing AIG 200 and making sure that operational excellence becomes a core part of the organization, which it already has, but we want to continue that, and then making sure that the separation of Corebridge is done flawlessly.  At the same time, we are looking at our overall cost structure. There's a ton of work underway. And as we start executing on those other pieces, there will be -- Shane put in his prepared remarks, where we're going to get out a meaningful amount up to $500 million more of expenses. That's the remaining company within AIG. So that will start to get executed. As we start to deconsolidate, we'll have a path forward as we flow Corebridge and be able to give you more guidance. I don't have a percentage. I focus on the nominal in terms of -- when I look at even like General Insurance over the last 5 quarters where we've invested a lot in the business, the nominal GOE has not gone up. I mean, so the expense discipline is there. And we want to continue to benefit from the earned savings with AIG 200 and what we will take out in terms of the combined entity when we go forward. But we want to have an organization that is going to be world-class in terms of its overall expense ratios. And I think we've proven that we not only can take it out in a really constructive way because we're investing for the future, but we maintain that level going forward. We have growth opportunities in the top line, which will help the ratios. I mean, the commercial business is growing, excluding AIG Re, which the reason why I've excluded is that we're not trying to grow that business based on the CAT exposures today, but growing at 10%. We see opportunities to grow in the future when we look to the back half of this year. We have very strong retention. The new business that's been coming in is going to be more retained. It's the fifth quarter in a row where we produced more than $1 billion of new business, all very positive, all helpful to our ratios. And so we feel like we have a lot of momentum. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: I don't think so based on the makeup of the portfolio. But Mark, why don't we end where we started with you just to give a little bit of perspective and then you can turn it back to me. Mark Lyons;Executive Vice President, Global Chief Actuary and Head of Portfolio Management: Yes. Thank you, Peter. And Brian, good to hear from you. So to your question, remember, what Dave McElroy and his team are doing, Lexington is becoming an increasing proportion of the business. And on a non-admitted basis, you have a lot of interesting terms and conditions like minimum earned premiums. So even if that does fall off a bit, that doesn't necessarily translate on a downward movement. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Mark. Thanks a lot, Brian. Have a great day. And thanks, everybody, for joining us. Really appreciate the time, and have a great day. 
