Elizabeth A. Werner: Thank you, Anthony. Before we begin, I'd like the address the format of today's call. Consistent with our strategy update call, during our Q&A session, we ask that you limit yourself to one question and one follow-up. We'd like to take as many questions as possible and ask that you get back in queue to ask additional questions. You will be limited to one minute to ask your question, and I apologize in advance if you're cut off. Today's presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first, second, and third quarter Form 10-Q and our 2014 Form 10-K under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Conditions and Results of Operations and under Risk Factors. AIG Is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking comments and statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement, which is available on our website. Nothing in today's presentation or in oral statements made in connection with this presentation is intended to constitute nor shall be deemed to constitute an offer of any securities for sale or the solicitation of an offer to purchase any securities in any jurisdiction. This morning's prepared remarks will begin with our CEO, Peter Hancock, followed by our incoming CFO, Sid Sankaran, the head of our Commercial Business, Rob Schimek; and the head of Consumer, Kevin Hogan. Our Chief Investment Officer, Doug Dachille, is also joining us this morning in the room. At this time, I would like to turn the call over to Peter Hancock.
Elizabeth A. Werner: Hey, Larry, it's Liz. I think you went over the one question and one follow-up. So let's just start with your first two.
Elizabeth A. Werner: Thank you, Anthony. We appreciate all your questions this morning and looking forward to speaking with you in the coming days and today. Thank you.
Peter D. Hancock: Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everybody. Thank you for joining our fourth quarter call. In today's call, I'll highlight unusual items in the quarter. And importantly, I'll provide an update on our progress in executing on our strategic plan, which we presented on January 26. We and the board feel that our plan maximizes franchise value for all stakeholders and is based on achievable goals. This quarter is a further step in providing additional transparency to assess our progress towards our goals. Before I comment on the quarter, I want to mention yesterday's news that our Board of Directors agreed to expand the size of AIG's board from 14 to 16 seats. We believe this resolution is in the best interests of all our stakeholders, and most importantly allows us to focus on executing our strategic plan. Our fourth quarter results were impacted by our actions to strengthen reserves and the lower returns on alternative investments. As we have previously disclosed, we completed a number of in-depth reserve reviews of our long-tail lines, and we responded quickly to new information. As part of our strategic plan, we announced our intentions to reduce and narrow our hedge fund allocation, which we believe will lead to greater risk-adjusted returns and contribute to our $25 billion return of capital through 2017. During the fourth quarter we took a number of actions towards our goal of being a more streamlined, focused insurer. Importantly, I announced a smaller executive leadership team, a management structure that has already resulted in increased accountability across our businesses and accelerated our decision-making. This team is already executing on our strategic plan, and today you'll hear from some of them directly. Core to our strategic plan are the organizational changes, strategic actions, and operating improvements which we presented on January 26. On the organizational front, the adoption of a modular approach to our business and the creation of our legacy portfolio are important steps to improving transparency into the performance of our operating portfolio. In the quarter, we announced the sale of PICC shares and took additional actions to monetize legacy portfolio assets, which Sid will speak to. We're well on our way to achieving the targeted $9 billion in legacy capital release by 2017. The fourth quarter strategic actions are the foundations for the $25 billion of capital return that we expect over the next two years. For the full year 2015, we returned approximately $12 billion to shareholders, and we expect a similar pace to continue. Yesterday's announced additional $5 billion share repurchase authorization and 14% increase in our dividend is consistent with the path towards returning the $25 billion over two years, or over a third of our market capitalization. We also announced the sale of our advisor group, which we expect to close in the second quarter, and plans for an IPO of a portion of our interest in UGC. UGC is the market leader in the mortgage insurance industry. Finally, we are aggressively pursuing operating performance improvements, and you'll see that our progress on operating expense reduction supports our conviction in achieving $1.6 billion in gross operating expense reductions through the end of 2017. Today, we will also provide additional insight into our actions to improve our Commercial Property and Casualty accident year loss ratio. On slide four, we reaffirm the targets that we discussed in January and a year ago. We stand by our plan and look forward to sharing our progress with you on an ongoing basis. Before Sid begins his remarks on the quarter, I'd like to take a moment to recognize the great contribution that David Herzog has made to AIG. David has devoted the last 16 years to the company and was essential to our emerging from the financial crisis and positioned the company for its continued future success. His guidance and stewardship of our financials continues to be highly valued, and he'll be missed by many here at the company. Sid will now provide you with the financial highlights of the quarter.
Peter D. Hancock: So as we've said publicly, we are pleased that we have reached a solution that averts a very distracting proxy fight, and that the inclusion of two new board members will add an extra degree of scrutiny on the way in which we execute our strategic plan. And so we would not want to comment on any future dynamics between management and the board, but the process to date is that the existing board of 14 and management have developed this strategy in close collaboration. And so we expect continued close collaboration between management and the board going forward.
Peter D. Hancock: So this is the very much the thinking behind the modular business reporting, where Japan will be one of the first of the nine modular business units that will be shown in the financial supplement and will give you clear transparency around ROE and capital and so on. So we are very committed to giving you more granular disclosures, and the team is working hard to be delivering those on a schedule that's consistent with the high-quality control over financial disclosures that we obviously want to stick to. But in terms of prospective ROE, perhaps I should just mention that we have in our risk-adjusted profit framework elevated the hurdle rate for all businesses and all territories to a minimum of 10%, which is a shift from where we were a year ago where territories with low nominal interest rates and with low beta we rewarded with a lower hurdle rate. And we have in great discussions with several of our large shareholders agreed that we should have a minimum hurdle rate of 10%, and that applies to Japan as well as elsewhere.
Peter D. Hancock: So let me just start, and I'll hand it over to Sid to complete. We've been extremely consistent in saying that we manage the AIG enterprise in a way that factors in all stakeholders. We use that word very deliberately. And our policyholders in particular are very mindful of our commitment to maintaining a strong balance sheet and the ability to deliver our large long-term promises. And to the extent that they look at the rating agencies as a guide, we are very mindful of their reactions to our plans and our specific actions. And as we developed this two-year strategic plan, we've worked very closely with all the rating agencies to pressure-test different assumptions. And so the actions they took were not a surprise, but I've been saying consistently that the rating agencies were more of a binding constraint than any kind of Fed oversight of AIG. And the guide to our own thinking here is very much our own internal assessment of risk. And we are very pleased, especially in the light of recent market volatility, that we've done so much over the last four years to derisk the balance sheet of the company, the vulnerability to contingent liquidity. And so we are confident that once we execute on the goals in this plan, the ratings outlook will become positive again. But, Sid, maybe you can answer the specific liquidity questions and elaborate, if you like, on the rating agencies.
Peter D. Hancock: And I think as a reminder, remember the $25 billion capital return walk that we disclosed on January 26, the first bar of that chart includes the injection of holding company cash into the subsidiary to fund the reserve strengthening, so it starts off with a fully funded reserve.
Peter D. Hancock: Charles, this is Peter. I think that at an aggregate level, you can see that you're over the hurdle. But within the subcomponent parts, the mix changes when you raise the hurdle rate on everything. So I think that you'll see greater selectivity of business, so that the very high ROE business subsidizes in a sense the stuff that's 8% to 10%, and there will be less of the 8% to 10%, and so there's a tradeoff there. But I believe that our risk-adjusted profit framework by targeting the spread between ROE and the hurdle rate, which we call a wrap spread, times the equity employed and maximizing that risk-adjusted profit is a way to make the volume margin tradeoff in a value-accretive way for shareholders.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Obviously, we are reinsuring the life reserves with external parties, but there also are internal parties and internal reinsurance in the structure. What I would say is your estimates on the ROE give-up are roughly accurate. And just a reminder is that the additional liquidity to the parent comes both from freed-up capital as well as from the acceleration of tax-sharing payments from the subsidiaries.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Yes, that's correct. And so the costs on the transaction are economically attractive for us when we look at the additional liquidity.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Jay, it's Sid here. No, we factored that in entirely in our two-year strategic plan. And so we've accounted for the change between a normalized return from the hedge funds and alternatives and the reinvestment strategies that I referred to in my remarks.
Siddhartha Sankaran: We normalize for performance, not volume, and so we're normalizing here. As I said in my remarks, if you assume 9%, that has been the normalized performance that we've assumed. And obviously, as we shift out of the hedge fund portfolio, we are shifting to a normalized return on fixed income and commercial mortgage loans.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Yes, the only elaboration, Peter, I'd say is just a reminder, John. We continue to have strong ratings on our core life and property casualty operating companies, most of those with stable outlooks. So we believe our planned operating improvements are going to support maintaining those strong ratings and actually improving them over time. On liquidity, I'd point you to my comments around our target. You've obviously referenced some of the outflows. But just a quick reminder, in the first quarter we have an assortment of inflows that are coming from dividends, tax-sharing payments, as well as further liquidations of asset sales, some of which that we've already executed. So again, as I said, we target $6 billion to $8 billion. We may be higher or lower than that from time to time. But we're very confident in the balance sheet, and obviously that was core to this entire strategic plan.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Yeah Paul, I'd really point you to the comments I made on the January 26 call as well as the information we've released in our 8-K. We believe after applying enhanced methods and assumptions and strengthening our reserves that we are going to help mitigate the risk of future quarterly reserve volatility around the selected best estimate reserve. And as a result, I think our plans are confident in our level of capital for our PC operating subsidiaries.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Look, Paul, I think obviously capital is going to be sensitive to our future projections. So as I said, our future projections on reserve mitigate the risk of future quarterly reserve volatility, and we don't comment on hypotheticals.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Charles, it's Sid here. On your second question, I would point you to slide five in the strategic update. Just a reminder, the legacy capital is a capital projection. Page five illustrates our funding lock for our share repurchase. So what you're going to see is that $9 billion that you're referring to on capital is return to shareholders via various funding sources in this walk. So I'd point you to page five in the footnotes there.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Yes, there will be a reduction in net investment income from lower premiums and reinsurance, and that's been factored into the January 26 strategic update figures for Rob and his PTOI walk.
Siddhartha Sankaran: We're not disclosing that right now. Obviously, as we execute on our strategies, we'll comment on reinsurance transactions and the impact of associated net investment income.
Siddhartha Sankaran: I think that was just in response to questions about modular business units and the operating ROE versus legacy.
Siddhartha Sankaran: First of all, it just depends agency by agency, so I'd point you to their guidance. And what I'd say in all of our operating projections, we meet their expectations and continue to target strong fixed charge coverage. But it will depend, it differs between S&P, Moody's, and others.
Robert S. Schimek: All right. Hi, Larry, thanks for your question. The first thing I want to say to you is we're not starting flat footed on any of our actions here. So actions were being taken in 2015 which we'll see beginning in the first part of 2016. The second thing I want to say is, regarding use of reinsurance, I know there is a lot of questions about that. The first thing I want to say is we don't think it's a long-term sustainable strategy to be looking to arbitrage our reinsurers. That's not the strategy here. We're partners with our reinsurers and we see many opportunities for our reinsurance strategy to benefit AIG as well as the reinsurers. I think there's three key points I'd like to make regarding how this worked with the reinsurers. First, you should know I think the reinsurers have an increasingly favorable view about the quality of the data and the quality of our underwriting. Second, the reinsurers themselves receive significant diversification benefits in their capital models, which make business like our U.S. casualty business more attractive for them. And third, the long-tail nature of our U.S. casualty business, for example, gives the reinsurers a significant deal of flexibility in their investment allocation decisions, which might differ from the way AIG might choose to structure its investment portfolio. I would say most of our actions will be with the reinsurers in product set 2. And it will be on the higher end of the loss ratios of product set 2, which is where the U.S. casualty business sits. The reinsurance will change of course our mix of business because if you reduce the amount of business in product set 2 that is U.S. casualty, the range in loss ratios in product set 2 is pretty wide. It ranges from as low as the low 50s to as high as the 80s. And so therefore, you'll get a lot of benefit from reinsuring the U.S. casualty business, which is higher loss ratio business in product set 2.
Robert S. Schimek: Well I just want to be clear. Obviously, it is our intention to drive all 6 points of the improvement in the accident year loss ratio by the end of 2017.
Robert S. Schimek: Jay, I think you're right. As we continue to work on our mix of business, in general what you should think is the higher loss ratio more complex business simply carries a lower acquisition cost. And the business mix that we've been shifting to will carry a somewhat higher acquisition cost. The net effect of that we think is a net positive in our overall ROE and a positive in the overall combined ratio.
Robert S. Schimek: Jimmy, first of all, I always try to remind people we deal in a lot of countries and in a lot of products. So when people ask about the market, there's no simple single answer to that. And so we experience different results with pricing in different parts of our portfolio. Maybe the bigger change that we would have seen in the fourth quarter is an improvement in the U.S. Casualty pricing environment, as we've driven a bunch of our remediation activities, as I said earlier, in 2015, which will benefit us more in 2016. I think our competitors are also seeing many of the same things we're seeing, and so I think there's pretty good discipline with respect to U.S. Casualty at this point. With that said, the U.S. property market, in particular the excess and surplus lines property market, has been and continues to be highly competitive. It's why you see AIG shifting its strategy to an increase in the level of engineers that we've added onto our team and seeking to use capabilities and expertise outside of our capital as the primary advantage and the primary thing we offer in the marketplace. So we do expect it to continue to be a mixed bag product by product and geography by geography.
Robert S. Schimek: I mentioned on the January 26 call, Jimmy, I believe, we do expect our premium volume to go down in 2016. It will go down partly because of our remediation efforts with respect to exits and remediation in that Product Group 3, partly because of the use of reinsurance. But it will be offset by the fact that we continue to see opportunities to grow in places where we have a sustainable competitive advantage anywhere in the world and with various products.
Robert S. Schimek: All right, Brian, thanks for the questions. So let me say that I think it's reasonably easy for me to tell you regarding legacy that we've already informed the market of the exits that we have, and the only thing moving into legacy is the businesses we have exited. With respect to the drivers, I would say to you first that each part of our business, Property, casualty, specialty and financial lines plays a part. Obviously, the remediation role for property and casualty are the most significant, whereas I see the opportunity for growth in strategic areas, particularly for financial lines and for some of our specialty products. With respect to which actions will drive it, it's reasonably evenly mixed between what I would call reinsurance and business mix, strategic growth in some of the lines I just described where we have opportunities and our loss ratios and our competitive advantages allow us to succeed in the marketplace, and then a contribution of course from exits that have already been announced and our work on risk selection and client selection. So I might just say as think of it as three basic buckets, strategic growth, reinsurance and business mix, exits slash clients and risk selection as being reasonably equal in terms of their relative contributions.
Robert S. Schimek: So I'll start by just clarifying. Again, our view is that the decrease in the Commercial adjusted accident year loss ratio will be approximately 6 points in total by the end of 2017. And just a reminder, and 4 points at the end of 2016. But it's just, it's not a linear process, and we can only make the changes if policies come up for renewal with proper notification to our policyholders. So market conditions, renewal, timing, et cetera will impact the way you'll see that emerge. But it is our belief that we have enough levers at our disposal that should enable us to be able to deliver four points in 2016 and two points additional in 2017.
Robert S. Schimek: So first of all, regarding excess of loss, yes, we'll use all types of reinsurance that are available at our disposal. And I just wanted to highlight that maybe one of the bigger changes was our use of proportional or excess of loss reinsurance. But we currently use and will continue to use excess of loss. With respect to how it flows through in investment results, let me let Sid comment.
Robert S. Schimek: All right, so let me see if I can help you out with this, Michael. I disclosed again some of this on the January 26 call. I expect that they'll be something like $1 billion of lower premium as it relates to reinsurance transactions. Now that will depend on actual deals we get done, the timing we get them done, et cetera, but that gives you a basic idea of relative size. With respect to exits and remediation and other actions we'll take, you should expect something like about the same amount of reduction in premium which would be about another $1 billion, so you're talking about $2 billion of both in the reduction direction. With that said, we have changes in mix of business and very attractive opportunities in more strategic parts of our business that we think currently meet our ROE target hurdles, and we will grow. And that number you should think of as being something in the vicinity of $600 million. So we think our reduction in net premiums in 2016 is approximately $1.4 billion – $1.5 billion. Again, it will depend on what happens in the market, market conditions, et cetera, but that gives you a basic idea of what we're expecting.
Charles Joseph Sebaski: Good morning, just wanted to follow up first on the commercial P&C accident loss ratio. On both slides four and 13, you added a footnote about year end, that the improvement is 4 points and then 2 points is year end, and I guess that's a change from the January 26 presentation. And I wanted to know what the expectation for those actual full years are versus the year-end run rate. And then additionally, Sid, on the $9 billion of capital freed from legacy portfolios that's in the presentation, I don't see where that is highlighted in the January 26 bridge to $25 billion. And I'm wondering, is that new capital, or was that incorporated somewhere in that bridge to $25 billion? Thank you.
Charles Joseph Sebaski: Good morning, guys, again. I guess a question on the Consumer business and particularly Japan. Peter, you talked about the improvement or the higher hurdle rate of a 10% ROE for the Japanese business relative to how you had it before. What would be the expectation of contraction in that business? I guess to me, a higher hurdle of 10% ROE would mean that some Japanese insurers might be able to suffice with less.
Charles Joseph Sebaski: So the new hurdle has no change in the business planning? I guess to me, a new hurdle would mean that that's a change from what's currently going on. And you're basically saying that you're already at that hurdle, so no change is necessary.
