Bob Benmosche: Thanks, Liz, and good morning to everybody. I want to start with ILFC, comment on the 8-K we filed yesterday and that is all regulatory approvals have now been received and so we’re very confident that this transaction will in fact close in the second quarter as we’ve talked to you previously. So that’s a good -- for the company going forward. If you look at the quarter, you can see that our capital management continues to proceed and were measured by buyback shares and continuing to reduce our debt which obviously improves our coverage ratio. Our property casualty had its second best quarter in the last 12 quarters. Unfortunately the best quarter was the first quarter of last year. So we’re comparing the second best quarter to the best quarter. So you see some of it decline. However, if you look at the accident year loss ratios and the other fundamentals, that business is continuing to build a very strong foundations for the future. Our mortgage guarantee business continues to do well with 62% of its premium now coming from our new underwriting capability which really gives us high degree of confidence that, if the market go soft in the future and I know maybe we’ll never see another soft market in housing but if that day comes we’re confident we have a very strong profile of risks we’ve taken on a book and mortgage guarantee. And life and retirement continues to show very strong premiums in deposits, $7.1 billion for the quarter, but also very strong in net flow. So it’s not only what’s coming in, it’s what we’re retaining. And so that business really is hitting on all cylinders. So what I’d like to do is turn it over to David who will take you through the financials.
Bob Benmosche: I think the word measured is not necessarily for the quarter, but generally speaking as we go through this period of time, the Federal Reserve coming in and really working with this us on being prepared for an official CCAR down the road, once it’s defined by the FED. But you want to make sure that you do things in a steady and that’s all that was referring to us. So I think as we look through the rest of the year, we have a capital plan, we’ll review that capital plan and update our stress testing as we do it internally. Again, it’s not the official Federal Reserve stress test but as we update ourselves we will keep an eye on that capital plan once IOFC actually closes and we have the money in hand we will take a second look at it. So it’s just doing things in a very measured way, both for the Federal Reserve and quite frankly for the rating agencies. We want to make sure we satisfy, especially the coverage ratio for them as they are asking us to do. And we’re in constant dialogue with them. So that’s all we’ve meant.
Bob Benmosche: No, I think what you see going on is an attempt to rationalize what’s in FED versus insurance company, versus banks. So I think they’re Collins Amendment and such is something that needs to be worked through so that the Federal Reserve can clearly take a look at what we do here at the insurance companies. And look you all understand that our liabilities are very different and the way they behave is very different as we begin to match the assets and liabilities and our focus is really long term solvency so to make we live up with the promises that we make to our client and that’s a big deal. Not say that banks don’t do that as well but it’s a different business and a different structure. So I think that pretty much -- I hope that covers more broadly and I think we’re continuing to work with everybody to make sure that not only in the U.S. but around the work to make sure we’re hearing too and fired up the design of our appropriate regulation.
Bob Benmosche: Well, the first is, I’ve got to work backwards. Your last comment is a substantial element in that line item, which is the access investment income. We used to transform pricing mechanism between that other segment and the consumer commercial which looks at risk free rates plus the liquidity premium which is roughly 50 basis points. The only investment returns over and above that is shown in our other segment and we’ve been fortunate the asset management group has done an excellent job of getting better returns than that. And so that shows up in that segment. But we also have a number of run-off portfolios, excess workers comp, some environment policies in asbestos in that which is going to be running off over several years, and it ultimately will free up capital to be redeployed either dividends or growth in the rest of the business.
Bob Benmosche: I think if it is certainly not a bad scale and I think that perhaps another segment might be consolidated for all of AIG because we have a number of run-off assets at the holding company like the DIB and so on. So I think that hopefully at some point the total amount run-off assets in the whole company are a footnote that doesn’t receive as much intention as they do today. But today, between those are the holding company and those that are in PNC, it’s still fair amount of trapped capital which ultimately will get re-deployed productively.
Bob Benmosche: And we disclose it in top on Page 17, the severe loss numbers for international commercial and you can see the growth there from the best two quarters of that year being very low to an elevated level as for Q3, Q4 in the first quarter of this year.
Bob Benmosche: I think that you have seen it baked in a bit with our numbers. So we talked about our expenses and when are they coming down. We -- for example may be close to 300 people dedicated full time for working on our stress testing, it could be as much as 1000 people supporting them at various points in time, in a run rate or in the numbers. We’ve already in a process of investing huge technologies. We’ve been able to build a real strategic state of the art system on the investment side, the asset side. We are now putting team together on building the liabilities, employing demand in a very high tech kind of way. So that money is in the run rate, it’s been in the run rate for, I would say at least 2.5 years and we saw a dropping from the fall of (indiscernible) FED year. And we need to start really modernizing it (indiscernible) which has been in the run rate quite a while.
Bob Benmosche: You could but I don’t think you would be interpreting it right. You got to do the FX adjustment which is very sizable yen expenses so they look lower with a lower translation. But we are making progress on expenses but as I alluded to, we won’t see a full benefit until 2015 as we work our way through the merger integration costs in Japan. I have to say that we had slightly lighter projects than in Japan in the first quarter than I had planned, and we’ll see that come through in the second quarter and third quarter despite the higher pace, but the full year plan for spending in Japan is on track.
Bob Benmosche: In the fourth quarter 2013 we had higher comp related expenses within both the U.S. and international businesses and that wasn’t repeated in the first quarter of this year.
Bob Benmosche: I guess just keep in mind that I think the IFLC management team, over the last four years have done brilliant job of turning the around a business where we had not dealt with legacy aircraft as appropriately as we should, did not have the right financing in terms of duration matching against purchasing of claims and so on. So there is a huge amount of work went on cleaning it up, building a really strong new airplane purchase book. If you look at the planes, the NEO, we were right out in front of that and congratulations to the executives that got that going, the NEO 320. So we have a really strong order book, we have really done a wonderful job of cleaning up our finances and other thing was older aircraft that needed to be sold or parted out and so on. And we should put the two companies together, we view it as a very strong property and for now we’re getting some cash immediately which is important. We do, as David said have a lock upon it but we also see the future of this over the next several years as being extremely positive. And so we’re going to make the right economic decisions for the company and our shareholders. And over the next two or three years we’ll see what’s there and make the decision based upon how AIG is trading, where we are vis-à-vis book value. We’re expecting improvement in our operating earnings as we go forward, improvement in our ROE as we go forward. So if that all comes together, we’ll have a better view of how we deal with this non-core asset, which we think has a lot of promise over more than one or 1.5 year time frame.
Bob Benmosche: I think that’s very fair. International financial alliance is really isolated through two pockets. Peter mentioned them earlier, but Australia and New Zealand in the access players and in CRA and CNR specifically. And if I would say the frequency and the severity of this environment Australia in particular was higher than we had basically build into our price. But as Peter said, that remains for us a very profitable portfolio. And then the European BI, we had isolated pockets of individual countries in Europe where we saw much later emergence for a claim financial.
Peter Hancock: Yes. I do still improvement in the combined ratio during the course of the year based our forecast of normalized trend, yes.
Peter Hancock: So we do a quarterly review of separate segment of the reserves that are in particular subject to longer tails and harder to predict loss cost trend and that each quarter is looked at independently over the one before. So the cards fall where they fall based on new information that emerges, and we do it with our internal actuarial team as well as external review. The fact that you’ve had four quarters in a row to meet it is statistically not very significant and the numbers relative to the total reserve of over 60 billion are relatively modest. The particular prior year development in this quarter was from two principal sources, the international financial lines, which is a very profitable business, we like. And so while there have been a gradual increase in temperature in a number of foreign jurisdictions, that’s something which we gradually adjust our pricing to, but we feel very comfortable with the return on risk of that business and if anything see that as exposing the need for more insurance from the U.S. to other jurisdictions. So it was a sort of some positives there. The other piece relates to a large surety loss that occurred and it really came to us last year. So that’s why it’s prior year. But it’s a transaction that was underwritten about four years ago, that involved a company that went into bankruptcy. So I don’t see it as indicative of the reserve weakness. It’s just a one-off event.
Peter Hancock: I’m not sure it ever feels like low hanging fruit to me, because there is lots of competitors out in the market,
Peter Hancock: Yes, the most unusual aspect in terms of severe losses as I mentioned is in consumer where we had these three rather unusual fires, but in terms of the last few quarters, I was reassured by the fact that most of the severe losses were from property policies written some time ago. So it’s not as a result of a new exposure. Yes we are growing our property business but there is no evidence that that is the cause of the elevated severe losses that we had in the last three quarters. Over time yes, as the book grows it will become a bit more lumpy, but no I think it’s better diversified today than it’s ever been before, diversifying away from U.S. cat to a more internationally balanced global property portfolio.
Peter Hancock: Our international net exposure of non-U.S. net exposure did increase as a result of changes in re-insurance. We continue to back test that decision to take more net and remain confident that it’s been also a right economic decision for us. Last year in the first quarter we saw an unusually low level of severe losses at $60 million in losses and this year was close to a more normal rate. But as I mentioned before, as a percentage of our total portfolio, our high limit property business globally is a bigger part of our commercial insurance operation. So we do expect, at least in the near term those exposures to increase. 
David Herzog: I think, what Bob said - that captures the essence of how we are approaching capital management. With respect to ILFC, as I said in my opening remarks and Bob said, we are now like to go through a process of actually close the transaction. We’re going to update our stress test better that you could look at that as a sort of normal course, that’s what. We will be subject to at some point. Although we’re not today, we will be. So we are following an early process with the Fed. We will update those results. We will review those results with the rating agency, with Fed itself and with our Board of Directors. And so again -- and then we’ll update or capital plan. I think it’s important to note that it’s not appropriate to put in a capital plan, capital actions that are based upon contingent fund. Others that have tried that did not like the result. So we’ve learned from that, we’ve learned from others. So capital plan will be updated in normal course and then will review that updated capital plan again with those various stakeholders and then take appropriate action. Again I think our approach to capital management has been consistent, steady, orderly and those are dimensions that we believe are balancing the various stakeholders, including the Fed and including rating agencies, including our own management board of directors. So we’re moving at an appropriate place given the environment, given the on boarding of the Fed. Again, you saw what we did in the first quarter, and that is relative to what we did in the fourth quarter. So I think we’re comfortable with the pace we are on.
David Herzog: And I would also mention to you that it’s not just about price. Risk selection is an important driver for our underwriting improvement and we continue to refine more techniques and use a lot of the analytical capabilities that we’ve brought on to the team over the course of the last couple of years to improve. But as Peter mentioned -- I pointed out cat property, but as Peter mentioned in his prepared remarks and mostly other lines of business, rates continued to exceed loss cost trends. And as he also mentioned we do expect continued loss ratio improvement when you normalize for the severe losses and during the course of this year.
David Herzog: The severe loss that John mentioned that came in at the very end of the quarter was an international one and I think that it’s largely severe losses shifting from domestic to international. 
David Herzog: Yes. I think the big investments are sort of quite separate from regulation FED related to merger integration of AIU and Fuji Fire & Marine in Japan. That’s a big spend this year.
David Herzog: There wasn’t anything substantial. As we said the alternative investments were strongly performed but our overall interest and dividend -- interest receipts were in line with our expectations.
David Herzog: There is 15 million of PICC mark-to-market and then ultimately of other declines in interest returns -- interest yields.
