Peter Zaffino: Yes. Thanks, Elyse. As I said in my prepared remarks, we're working with a sense of urgency on the IPO. We've made really significant progress working on standalone financial statements, actuarial, have set up the organization to operationally separate. So we're working very hard on several fronts related to the IPO.  I mean, the ultimate timing of completing this step should depend on a number of factors. Some are out of our control, such as regulatory and market conditions, but we're still working towards the same time line, which is by the end of 2021. But again, depending on those factors, it could always slip into the first quarter 2022. But it's -- the company is focused, and we're going through all the details and moving forward. 
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Ryan. So there's multiple factors in terms of driving the sub-90 combined ratio. One is we had a terrific start to the year, and so you can see we're driving top line growth, driving margin, improving combined ratios. So we like the momentum that we have.  I think we're going to focus on continuing on the underwriting side. Certainly, the culture we're building out of risk selection, terms and conditions, making sure that we're getting rate above loss cost is the discipline that Dave is driving through General Insurance, and they're doing very well.  I think you'll start to see -- I talked about in my prepared remarks,the AIG 200, while we announced run rate, we got to catch up a little bit in terms of some of the implementations. So we know that we have expense tailwinds in terms of what will be coming through with AIG 200. In addition to that, just normal expense management and being very disciplined on reinvestment and making sure that we are a company that's very focused on ways in which we can improve what we're doing and create our own investment capacity.  I think you'll start to see the earned premium increasing from growth and strong new business. International had the best quarter new business that they've had since the new teams arrived. So that's -- there's a lot of momentum there. And then expect to see new business pick up as we continue throughout the year and the economy starts to recover.  And then what I also mentioned in my prepared remarks is that we are not going to need as much reinsurance going forward just based on the gross portfolio. And so like we needed to probably buy a little bit more CAT, a little bit more on the risk side. Those are all improving, and those will be tailwinds over a period of time. So there's 4 or 5 components that will drive improved combined ratio in the subsequent quarters and into next year. 
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Tom. That is certainly one component. We always said the base case was going to be the IPO of 19.9%. So when we had entertained some of the inbounds from terrific companies, we evaluated the relative merits of the sale compared to the minority IPO.  We took into account value creation, execution certainty, regulatory and rating agency implications, the delivery of Life and Retirement growth strategy over the long term, where we're going to be making the right investments to make sure we're getting the value of the 80.1%. It's a great business, and so we want to make sure that we are investing in it.  And so when we weighed all those merits, ultimately, we felt that an IPO was going to fulfill the value for our stakeholders and decided that, that was the appropriate path for us. 
Mark Lyons: Just a bit. Thank you, Peter. I think Peter nailed it both, Elyse. I want to reemphasize, though, what Peter said. Every quarter's mix is pretty different, and I know that's a written viewpoint that earns in. But we've already written business in -- that we can -- last year that's going to earn into 2021. And we've already written one quarter that's going to go into 2022. So we're not counting -- we believe we're going to have the margin expansion, as has been noted. That doesn't really depend on the existing level of rate levels in the market. 
Mark Lyons: So yes, we can localize a lot of that to contingency business out of Talbot. And on Validus, I think there was really just 2 contracts involved, so it's not like a widespread in any way. So that overwhelmingly accounts for it.  And I think for your second question, yes, we didn't put any additional provisions. We're happy where we are associated with it. So I think we're on the downflow, to say the least. 
Mark Lyons: Yes. Thank you, Peter. I think I may have commented on this before, but I think it's probably worth bearing again is, long term, there's generally been a 200 basis point addition beyond economic inflation for social inflation. Clearly, that's been south of that over the last few years.  But that's one way of looking at it by having a range of loss trends and not necessarily just point estimating it, and it really varies by line of business, clearly. I think in the past, I've also commented that our loss trend in Excess Casualty, for example, is very close to double digits, number one, and so really it varies across the board.  And when you get to Peter's comment on portfolio, think of the best way to insulate yourself from unexpected spikes in economic or social inflation, irrespective of which one, is by having the portfolio change. And the mix away from leads and having more mid excess, not just in casualty, but other places, aggregated lead moves that portfolio further away from risk insulating you more from any compound views of that. So I think that's how we look at it. And I think all of that is important and it comes to bear. 
Mark Lyons: Not materially because you have calendar year views, right? So claims when they're settled or when they're reported don't care what their accident year was. 
Mark Lyons: Ryan, I'd add just one quick thing, if I could. You really started the question in the correlation on wage. And given Peter really talking about 2/3 of the book is really lost sensitive over high attachment points, it's actually more of a medical question than a wage indemnity question because medical trend is what could sneak over, especially on major permanent partial and things of that nature and permanent totals. So that's why it was actually a -- we're in a really good position on that because of the analysis that was done about 3 years ago on that book that's still holding today. So all those past assumptions are absolutely holding. 
Mark Lyons: So I think what we're trying to say in various ways is that looking sequentially is really not the way. You've got to really look at it quarter-over-quarter for the points that Peter brought up before about the mix being pretty different. The fact that although we've reduced the volatility dramatically, we still write volatile lines, right? So you still have a pop here or there that may not have really occurred in this quarter or the last quarter that still could at another time.  We really need to see a few more accident quarters, if you will, pop in before we can declare victory in that sense. So you can't look at each quarter as a totally independent stand-alone on a sequential basis. 
Kevin Hogan: Yes. Thanks, Paul. Look, net flows reflect the trends of premiums and deposits as against the surrender behavior. As Mark pointed out, we haven't really seen much material change in the surrender behavior a little bit within sort of expected margins, but premiums and deposits is really another story.  And we said that the second quarter last year was going to be the low water mark. It certainly was. And in fact, the first quarter of this year is one of the largest sales quarters we've had in the Individual businesses since we created AIG Financial Distributors. And while the month of January was actually still below last year, and we consider last year's first quarter a pre-COVID quarter because, really, the pipelines were full right through March, April. We saw growth from February over January, March over February a pretty significant growth.  So the end of the quarter, we're really back at what we consider to be normal run rates for that business. And as Mark pointed out, both index and variable annuity, very strong for us there.  And so the one line of business, fixed annuities, they're a little bit lower than historical levels, but we also saw recovery in fixed annuities towards the end of the quarter. And so we're feeling optimistic about the forward curve for the individual business. And as Mark pointed out, across annuities, because we've announced relative to the retail mutual funds, right, we had positive flows. So I'm confident relative to the flows in the Individual Retirement business.  For Group Retirement, it's a little bit of a different story. The group acquisitions -- the new group acquisitions actually were one of our strongest quarters and increased by $150 million over the prior year, whereas periodics were down about $50 million, and I think that reflects furloughs and people leaving the workforce. And then the non-periodic were also down a little bit for a variety of reasons.  And in the Group Retirement business, we still see some modest negative flows, but I think that reflects the fact that we're a small, medium-sized plan provider. And in the consolidation that continues to go on in health care, we do see some of that large case consolidation. But the assets under management have continued to grow, obviously, supported by equity markets, and that's an important base of earnings for the fee side of the business.  So we feel confident. We're being careful about capital deployment. We're seeing conditions improve, and our diverse product range and channel allow us to be careful where we deploy the capital, and we're seeing that start to come through in the first quarter. 
Kevin Hogan: Well, certainly, we provide the sensitivities and depending upon where equity markets are, where interest rates are, where credit spreads are and which way they're going, they have kind of a short-term impact on earnings volatility. But we price our products to make sure that we're making our returns based on broadly expected market conditions, not necessarily a single deterministic scenario. So we're not relying on market returns necessarily in the pricing of our products. 
Kevin Hogan: Yes, absolutely. Yes, Tom. We have moved from the high end of the 8 to 16 towards the middle to the lower end based on the recent improvement in the yields. You have to monitor, obviously, the combination of where credit spreads are versus where actual base rates are. So it's not all what we saw in the base rates. You just have to look at the total reinvestment position. 
