Bob Benmosche: Thanks, Liz, and I appreciate being with all of you. This will be my last call and it’s been a five-year period of a lot of excitement and this quarter reflects a lot of hard work on behalf of all of the people of AIG. As I know you, who all know, we started off with a daunting task of stabilizing this company, then paying back America and we have done that with a profit. And since the re-IPO of the company in 2011, where we share with all of you, we have to rebuild the foundation of this company and do it the right way, and build a great company and expected our stock will follow and not lead what’s happening with AIG. And so you can see the solid performance in this quarter. We have talked about making sure we execute our capital plan and it starts off with selling non-core assets, which we have achieved with ILFC, an outstanding sale with -- to AerCap. We have also been able to repurchase and continue repurchase our shares, but we said to you also that in addition to dividends and share buybacks, it’s very critical that we focus our coverage ratio. So you’ve seen us take advantage of the debt markets and reduce our debt with high coupons and in some cases reissued debt, giving us a net benefited because of the lower cost of adding on that new debt, because we don’t have a leverage ratio problem, it’s a coverage ratio problem that we are working to fix with the rating agencies to make sure that we maintain and quite frankly, I expect to improve our credit ratings. You see strong results across all of our businesses, Property Casualty has been working really hard to get it right in terms of its risks selection and making sure that we get volume -- value over volume and that takes a long time. The written business, we don’t see the results until its earned and we see what the loss rations are, but you can see that improving along with higher degree of confidence in the reserve, which we’ve been saying for several years now that you will see very small movements plus and minus in the reserve as we go forward. Our UGC was a business that we were going to sell for practically nothing. You could see strong earnings come out of that business. But what's important is, rising tides all boats rise, the fact is UGC was way out in front of that and has a risk selection model that is quite different than the industry and being part of AIG gives us a lot of flexibility especially as you look the ability to manage their capital needs as it goes forward. And Life and Retirement continues its excellent run as we are becoming a strong, stronger competitor in that space. But as you know, success is very critical to company and make sure that the company gets it right. We spent a lot of time thinking about the lead candidates here within ARG. The good news is, we did have a strong bench and I’m pleased that Peter has taken over as CEO of this company. He comes with a bulk of experience both on the street and the fixed income markets in particular, which is where most of our net interest income comes from and he has been the last three years really getting into the nuts and bolts of the Property Casualty business from the risk respect -- a risk selection perspective using Big Data in a way that helps us analyze to make sure that we are putting on the right risk because of the long tail nature of those risks. So he has done an outstanding job and I know that he will do an outstanding job in the future. So what I’d like to do now is officially pass the baton to Peter, who will pick up the rest of this call and take you through that and again it's been an honor to serve as part of AIG and all the people of AIG and to be proud -- I am very proud to be part of that team with all of them. Thank you very much. Peter, turn it over to you.
Bob Benmosche: It’s a business where you have a very attractive combined as long as the housing market stays as firm as it is and as long as employment trends stay as firm as they are. And so we think about it with a cat load that's over and above that steady state combined ratio against the cyclicality. But it’s a very attractive return on risk business at this point in the cycle and as you can see from the delinquency trends very, very attractive. About two-thirds of the business, the results are on business post-crises. So, it’s cleaner and cleaner reserve book at this point.
Bob Benmosche: Yes. I think we have explicit run-off portions of the causality lines which we showed incorporated and other that consume a certain amount of capital and that runs often. And as I said in sub-segments, which are still in the commercial line segment, where we are deemphasizing and shrinking certain long-tail lines, which are capital intensive. But that capital freeze up gradually at those the tails of those businesses start to play out. So, I would say, so four to 10-year sort of the time horizon for that capital to be freed up. But it’s quite substantial and we are redeploying that freed up capital gradually into shorter tail lines where we are getting a better return on risk and so, I think that we are somewhat opportunistic in terms of where we deploy that capital and we have a lot of different choices because of the breadth of our franchise.
Bob Benmosche: And I should add that we saw increase in property, there has been no increase in our MPL because we have been diversifying away from the U.S. property cat exposures.
Peter Hancock: Bob, thank you. And I’d like to thank Bob for the remarkable leadership he has shown over the last five year and I have experienced four and half of those years and it's truly the most extraordinary four and half years of my professional career. So I think that the employees, shareholder and the U.S. taxpayer owe Bob Benmosche enormous thanks for the contribution he has made. And his leadership is awesome to follow up, but I shall do my very best to continue the legacy of leadership with this company. So I am really honored to have been selected by the Board of Directors to lead the company going forward. There is three points I would make. One, that there will be no abrupt change in strategy. This is clearly a vote for continuity. We are on the right track. We are in execution mode. Second, I remain very committed to focusing on value of us is simply bulking up the volume of the company. And third, I will not be replacing myself with a Head of Property Casualty sector. So beyond that, there will be, obviously, some changes overtime and I will commit myself to remaining very transparent with our shareholders as we fine tune and refine our strategy going forward. But I think that this is ultimately a choice for continuing to execute the strategy that we have a great deal and alignment around in the company. So, over to you, David, to go over the quarter.
Peter Hancock: Tom, I think, simple answer, just push it out a bit. I think that we’re clearly experiencing some headwinds in the pricing of U.S. property cat which is an element of our commercial business. But there is softness in a couple of other sectors as well. So the pace at which we get to our ultimate profitability goals is a function of market conditions, but certainly our ambition is to get there and at this point to speculate on exact pace is to speculate on the market cycle. As I mentioned in my remarks, we are diversifying our book of business. So we are less subject to the cycle and focusing on sub-segmentation at a more and more granular levels so that we have greater confidence in these trends in a more sustained way.
Peter Hancock: Well, I think first of all, let’s put the pricing environment in perspective. The pricing environment three and a half years ago when I started the job, was massively inadequate in the United States, but reasonably adequate in Europe and the rest of the world. There’s been tremendous upward movement in pricing, steadily quarter-after-quarter, since that point. And so we've had a good improvement in the pricing environment across lines, all lines of business in the U.S. And the pace of that increase has slowed but has reversed itself narrowly in U.S. property cat and that's really where the greatest impact of alternative capital and the reinsurance soft market had an impact. We have been diversifying away from U.S. property cat for about five years and diversifying our property portfolio around the world. So we’ve diminished our exposure to that particular cyclical phenomenon. I think that the use of wrap today equips our underwriters and our account relationship managers with much better tools to make a well-balanced judgment over how to manage the portfolio of multi-line relationships with customers to take a balanced view of short and medium-term profitability across lines. And so while, we may not want to renew the same scale as previously, we certainly want to be relevant to our customers and offer capacity and maybe at a different attachment point where we feel we’re getting a better value for the risks that we’re taking. So I just think, we’re much better equipped to deal with the inevitable cyclicality in the pricing environment. And we have a tremendous diversity of business by geography inline, so that we can redeploy the capital to where it's best rewarded in a customer friendly way that maintains valuable relationships. But I don’t know whether John you want to elaborate on that.
Peter Hancock: And I just would add that the one AIG that we talk about, when you think about our global footprint and how we are coming across to our multinational science, we bring the full AIG to each country. We’re up until a couple years ago, each country was on its own. So part of what you seek here is the transformation of the company to a more global company, not because we are in many geographies because we operate as one AIG to our clients around the globe and that’s helped us a little bit here as well.
Peter Hancock: Well, I think, if the softness segments are so pervasive that the pricing adequate segments don't make up for the lost volume, clearly fixed cost become a very major focus, if we’re going to avoid negative operating leverage. So that’s going to be an important thing to focus on. It's something that we started focusing on long before this change in the pricing environment because we always believed that managing down our fixed cost was essential to not feeling tempted to price the marginal deal to maintain volume. So I think that continued focus on sustainable expense improvement, use of shared services, use of automation, modernizing our infrastructure gives us a flexibility to back-off on volume when it’s not properly priced and then scale it up again when it is. So I think that managing the cycle is dependent on continuing to work on our core infrastructure.
Peter Hancock: Yeah. Mike, I would say in the commercial portfolio at the end of 2010 property was about 16% of our net return premium and is now close to 25%. At the same time, our specialty classes and financial lines grew a bit as a share of the total of two largely coming at the expense of U.S. causality over that period of time.
Peter Hancock: I anticipate changes in strategy as the opportunities arise, but nothing that I would want to signal at the moment, because I think that, Bob, and I have been highly aligned on strategy for the last one and half year. So unless something any external environment changes abruptly in which case we might have to consider abrupt changes. The team as a whole has really coalesced around our current strategy and is in execution mode. So, I think, that's really the signal. This is a great confidence in the team, great confidence in the momentum that we have built and changes in the strategy will be largely refinements in the execution.
Peter Hancock: So in the Property Casualty, increasingly John and Kevin running the Consumer and Commercial segments, have assumed the broader strategic leadership that those two very large segments deserve. And we are very focused on making the whole company more flatter in the hierarchy and so want to minimize the layers of management between the CEO and the trenches to improve our responsiveness to customers and market. And so in my view redundant to think about the Property Casualty layer going forward, the leadership that John has on the Commercial and Kevin has on the Consumer provide absolutely right amount strategic leadership that’s needed. So I don’t see any challenges there. And as far as the commitment of the senior leadership of the company, I think we’ve all been through a lot together over the last five years. There were a plenty of reasons for anybody to further to tow in over the last five years I am very hopeful that everybody who went through the challenges over the last five years looks forward to the next five years with as much enthusiasm as I do.
John Doyle: I think that’s right and Tom, there wasn’t real improvement in the casualty loss ratio in the quarter, that's right, but the accident year loss ratio pressure was really in the quarter driven by a short-tail losses, not just severe but on the attritional side as well. Some of it in the U.S. weather-related losses, some of it in non-property, short-tail lines as well. But to Peter’s point, we’ve done a lot of hard work on the casualty side and we do expect a bit of improvement in the loss ratio performance and that business going-forward.
John Doyle: Yeah. I think, Josh, what I would add is that it’s not a market, right. There are many markets around the world and outside of the property cat market in the United States, the rate environment was quite stable. In the U.S. in fact, as you know, we have our biggest exposure, all of our other major lines of business, so our rate increases in the second quarter, so longer tail lines. We saw good discipline in the quarter, albeit not at the same rate of increases as we saw earlier in the year and last year. But we were disciplined in the quarter about the property cat business. In the U.S., we walked from more than $200 million worth of property cap business in the U.S. As Peter mentioned, from time to time, we’ve moved up on programs where we had important customer relationships or so of attractive opportunities at different parts or different layers in a program. But when Peter mentioned the diversification, we saw good middle market property growth. We saw a good growth in property outside the United States. We’ve had a large limits initiative underway, highly engineered portfolio, growth initiative over the course of last several years, that all performed reasonably well in the quarter. So it’s again, it’s kind of not one market and it’s not just about price either. We have invested a lot in risk selection, managing our mix of business, important claim improvements and more granular pricing strategy. So obviously, price matters ultimately, but there are other techniques that are important leverage for us as well.
John Doyle: Josh, I would say that it’s a mix of up and down in loss picks but as shorter tail losses move more towards normal levels. As I said, we have elevated levels of short-tail losses through the first six months and the second half last year, and we are comparing against a better-than-expected first half of last year, I would add, as we move to more normal levels, the longer tail loss fix are slightly ahead of where there were a year ago.
