Brian Duperreault: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I hope everyone is staying healthy and safe. Like last quarter our team is participating on the call from different locations. I'm joined by Peter, Kevin and Mike and Doug Dachille, our Chief Investment Officer will also be available for Q&A. AIG continues to show remarkable strength and resiliency as COVID-19 remains a formidable and ongoing catastrophe. Our global workforce has adjusted to working remotely and I am incredibly proud of how the team has become more unified and focused on supporting each other, our clients and other stakeholders during this unprecedented time. Throughout the second quarter, we continue to build on the strong foundation created since late 2017 to instil a culture of underwriting excellence, adjusted risk tolerances and implement a best-in-class reinsurance program. These actions strengthened and protected our balance sheet and are allowing us to effectively manage through COVID-19 and its collateral effects on the global economy in addition to natural catastrophes. We also made progress on strategic initiatives across AIG, including the early June closing of the sale of a majority stake in Fortitude, which significantly de-risked our balance sheet and represented the vast majority of our legacy portfolio. Our focus on de-risking is also reflected in how the overall investment portfolio was held up during this extended period of market uncertainty.
Brian Duperreault: Well, that's a great question, Brian. I guess I'll take that. Yeah, I mean, double digit returns with a higher interest rate makes sense with these low interest rates, it probably comes down. You know, I would say that, it's an evolving - right now, it's an evolving process and, you know, its difficult with COVID to understand what steady state looks like. But, you know, my gut would say that something in the double digit range is possible. It's becoming more difficult because of the low interest rates. So it's more like, you know, what's the return over the risk free rates. So, I - it's hard to say, you know, we're just driving this thing down. When we get into a market like this where rates are rising, terms and conditions are improving, you're not - you don't have a fixed number that you're going to try to hit. We're going to take advantage of the market and have the results that we can achieve with this elevated level of risk received  in the marketplace, I guess, that’s the best way to put it Brian. Can me move on to the next question, thanks.
Brian Duperreault: Well, let me just close and thank everybody for joining us this morning. And I particularly want to thank my AIG colleagues around the world. I mean, these last few months have really been challenging on many, many fronts and I'm so grateful for your hard work and dedication on this journey we're on and I hope everyone stays safe and healthy. Wear your masks. Okay. Thanks, everybody.
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Brian. And good morning, everyone. Today I plan to provide more detail on Brian's comments regarding the General Insurance second quarter results, COVID-19, the current market environment and I will finish with an update on AIG 200. This month marks my third anniversary of joining Brian at AIG and when I look back at where we started our journey, the progress our team has made is extraordinary. As we've discussed on prior calls, during our first year at AIG we determined the GI portfolio required a complete overhaul in terms of underwriting culture, establishing global standards and dramatically altering limits deployed. In addition, we knew that our businesses needed to be repositioned in the marketplace to become more competitive and relevant to clients. We also moved quickly to design a comprehensive global reinsurance program, which has been evolving as our portfolio improves. This program vastly reduced volatility and unpredictability in outcomes and was a critical component of our overall strategy, allowing us to move faster in re-underwriting the GI portfolio. We built a world-class team and a strengthened bench across the world and our completely revamped risk appetite was successfully communicated to and accepted by the marketplace. We also achieved our goal of entering 2020 with an underwriting profit and since the second quarter of 2018 our adjusted accident year combined ratio has gone from 101% to 94.9%, a 610 basis point improvement. This is a result of the outstanding work done by the team and we've built considerable momentum that will allow us to continue to improve our financial results. With respect to our global commercial portfolio, it has been significantly remediated and while there will always be opportunities for improvement this portfolio is now positioned for further strengthening, more diversification and profitable growth. In Personal Insurance, as I outlined in our last call, we significantly de-risked private client group, known as PCG with the creation of Syndicate 2019 through our partnership with Lloyd's. In addition in late June, we announced an agreement to transition the PCG upper middle market clients to Liberty Mutual and Heritage Insurance this fall. PCG is a market leader and the innovative capital structure we carefully designed with Lloyd's, coupled with the disposition of our upper middle market business allows us to now focus on the areas in the high net worth segment where we bring the most value clients, as well as our brokers and agents.
Peter Zaffino: Yeah, sure. Brian, thank you and good morning, Michael. You’re correct, we did not take the frequency benefits in the quarter. If there was any sign of a better frequency relative to expectations, it was in some of our international business in auto in Japan. But we've seen that over the last several quarters. You know, when you think about - I'm going to go to workers compensation, because I think that's the one that stands out the most, which is you know, we've had frequency in COVID, it's typically I would say 70% in industries related to healthcare. But it's very unique because again, we have high retentions, most of that over 90% is related to businesses where we have a deductible of $1 million or greater. So that frequency really hasn't impacted us. And then we have seen a commensurate reduction in frequency in non-COVID related claims. Again, their observation this quarter, again, a lot of is on retention business, but we haven't recognized it yet because we want to see how it emerges. You know, one thing back on COVID workers comp, which is very interesting is that, over 50% of the claims that we've seen over the last four months, about 50% of them are already closed. So it's a very different type of loss relative to workers compensation. Other the lines that we've seen in the liability and auto, again, it'll be slow to recognize that, we've seen reduced frequency and we’ll give you an update next quarter once we have a little bit more experience.
Peter Zaffino: Yeah, Michael. So I think we're in a really good place. I mean, you know, we - when I said in my opening comments, what are the areas where we had headwinds in new business, which I think the industry has seen when everybody was going to work remotely, what drove the growth, it was driven by better retention, we had, you know, 400 basis points of improvement, in international 500 basis points improvement on retention of our clients within North America. So I think that reflects that we like the portfolio, and we're trying to be very helpful to our clients and distribution partners by deploying capital, of course, you know, in a different dynamic and need to make sure that we're getting the appropriate returns. And I think you saw that in the rate. So I think the combination of retention of a portfolio we like and we can grow, combined with a positive rate environment, I think contributed to the overall growth on the NPW commercial.
Peter Zaffino: Yeah, just a couple of points. Brian, as you said, I mean I think de-risking, reposition the portfolio for growth is important. That reduced volatility increase in capital flexibility. I think the second quarter is going to be the noisiest just because of the catch up on the, you know, unearned premium, and seasonally the second quarter was the largest on the net premium written side. So again, you’ll still see some noise in the third and fourth, but not to the degree you saw in the second and we just been very focused on accelerating the transition. So we can get to 2021 with the unearned, you know, largely gone away and then reposition Syndicate 2019 to be very competitive in the market, in terms of value. So we're really excited about what this is going to mean for the business and for our clients, and distribution partners.
Peter Zaffino: Sure. Thank you, Yaron for the question. I think when you think about compared to our competitors, remember, we don't have as much you know, guaranteed cost business. And so therefore, it's not a direct correlation to effect on payroll sales, and that's going to result in a commensurate premium reduction. You know, as we have the in force book that we have, you know, minimum deposits on our excess business, in most cases. I think when, you know, we look to the future in terms of some of the changes on frequency and changes on payroll and sales, you know, it could have a modest headwind, which is what we had talked about in last quarters call. In terms of exposure base for renewals, and, you know, could have a slight impact on premium, but I would look to it on, you know, we're trying to solve issues on excess. We're deploying capital, I mean, those are - have led to better risk adjusted returns, because, we are still coming up with similar structures. And, you know, while there may be a little bit of light headwinds in terms of overall exposure, should not have a material impact on our premium, as we look to the third and fourth quarter based on what we know today.
Peter Zaffino: Well, we're going to have to, you know, try out our virtual Monte Carlo in September, which is really with a kick off I think we probably would have had 100 meetings scheduled at AIG under normal conditions. I don't think that we're going to - you know, we look at the reinsurance structures than any repositioning, it will reflect the growth portfolio, not trying to say the market conditions are much stronger. Therefore, we're going to dump treaties because we always talked about the reduction of volatility, making sure we had more predictable outcomes. And we have great partnerships that we trade across every geography and multiple lines of business with our reinsurance partners. But we would expect to see changes in our reinsurance programs that reflect the excellent underwriting that we've been doing, and the gross improvement that we've seen quarter-to-quarter. So we begin to have those discussions, what we have in terms of structures? I don't think they'll be something that materially changes, but I would expect some refinements to reflect the portfolio as it is today.
Mark Lyons: Yeah. Thank you, Brian. Appreciate that. Hello, Elyse. So you know, in the areas, I think that mostly asking about, take like excess businesses, that trend, pure loss cost trend is approaching double digits. When you get into auto, it's a little bit less, probably in the 7%, 8% area. And then other primary lines are a little less than that. But you've got - when you weigh it all together with things like you know, with property and other loss sensitive-related exposure bases, it kind of drops it off. So there's - I'm not going to get into the weighted average in total, but I’ll tell you that we look at every single line and reflect that in our thinking. I wanted to give you the range where it could be a couple percentage points and some short tail lines up to almost double digits and some more volatile excess line.
Mark Lyons: Yeah, I think you actually answered your own question, you get the increasing, you know, impact of the Casualty quota share, and that's really what you're seeing.
Mark Lyons: Yes, yes, actually. You guys are getting good. You’re answering you own question. So there's two things going on, the last quarter, I think was the first quarter we allowed the disclosure to even see that. So the drop off you see is somewhat caused by what you just said, and I'll get it that more a little bit later and one of it is just a bit of a correction. So, last quarter's GI yield was over – so think of it as overstated. There was a $20 million Canadian security correction. But I think the heart of your question, so that would have come down another 12 basis points, something like that. To the extent of - on the current quarter with the structured securities, you're right, a lot of that stuff is floating, but you're really required to retrospectively look at it and look at what has happened and what your view of the future is, and what that implied yield is and if that yield is lower than what you've booked, you have to do a catch up on it. And that's what you're seeing in the quarter. So you can adjust for some of those Brian, and it looks to me it be a 9 to 10 basis point drop off sequentially, not as steep as it appears.
Mark Lyons: I can certainly start that. Thank you, Brian. Well, you do have a lot of forces. We’re happy to be, I think one of the catalysts on this market. And level of increases, Peter talked about it continued to increase at an increasing rate, I think it’s a fair statement. But you do have other things, we don't know the longer term impacts on many third party and first party lines of COVID, for example. Social inflation is more of a general upward movement, as opposed to a lot of specifics that you can nail down. And so I think there's still the thought amongst us in the industry that there's potential for freight  moving up. I think there should be some back to normality between interest rates and inflation and we're probably heading more into an inflationary environment. So a little cautious on the fact that we're seeing this great rate increase, and there's more variability, and I flipped it from a year ago, where there was more variability around, what kind of price increase can we get? Now we see that the magnitude of the price increases we can get, and there's more variability about the future look loss cost trends.
