William Dooley: Thank you David. As we entered 2011, we had high investable cash balances in the insurance companies, and over the course of the first half of the year, we invested those cash proceeds in various asset classes to give the various durations necessary for the insurance companies. So in the first half of the year, we invested just under $50 billion, and the average yield across the board on those investments was roughly between 4.5-6%. So when we entered the third quarter, we were fully invested with all the cash that was available at the beginning of the year. 
William Dooley: Let me just make a comment on the base yield increases on future cash flows. A lot is determined on obviously where the market goes in that period of time. So that's a harder question to answer. But when we're taking the gains on the SunAmerica portfolio, we're doing it in a deliberate way, so we can close the gap between the give-up and what we're getting. The other thing we don't want to do is to create another large cash balance at the life company level. So I'm looking for offsetting assets that are basically the same type of assets, even though there's going to be a yield difference because of the movement of the marketplace. So everything's being done in a very deliberate way. 
William Dooley: Well, as the sales take place, the gains are coming in, but I'm redeploying those funds at lower yield levels, just because of the movement in the marketplace. But economically, as David was saying, for the consolidated entity, we're much better off by taking those gains and having a smaller yield on the underlying assets in the insurance company.  
Bob Benmosche: We'll have Jay just briefly give you an update on what the process changes were, and then we'll have Peter talk about the life settlements. 
Bob Benmosche: But the answer to the question is, I believe, that the process change that Jay talked about - and it's more about a process change - there's a question about what practices are, but we've looked at our practices and said we think we should do it a different way. On the basis of what we've changed our practice to be, the team believes that they've got this worked out in this IBNR and this puts the problem behind us. And on a go-forward basis, it would be part of the normal operating procedures. So you would see that it's just part of our numbers. So I think this closes it out from we can see right now. Let me turn it over to Peter. 
Bob Benmosche: But we also have completed a very deep strategic review of what we're doing here. We're going to think about how we modify it, but this is not an area that we're going to be emphasizing going forward. We're just thinking about how to deal with it. So over time, we're studying this as an asset class, and we don't think it's something we're going to be growing.
Bob Benmosche: We see UGC has really done a dramatic turnaround of that business. I feel they have employed excellent technology now behind their claims process and so they've got themselves very much under control for the legacy book. They've done a wonderful job of reinventing how they underwrite mortgages, so they have a model now that works very effectively on new business.  And the experience that we've been seeing, it started in '09, so if you look at '09,'10, and '11 so far, that experience is exceptional relative to our history as well as the industry. So we are pricing for the right risks and we're getting the risk that makes sense for us as a company and we're not comparative in those risks which we obviously are concerned about.  Having said that, our market share has grown dramatically, and with that performance, we don't see any need to help anyone else out. So for now, the business, we operate that as well as ILFC, is do no harm to the core franchises of the company. But unlike IFLC, we feel that UGC does provide us a tremendous insight into a major aspect of our investment, which is residential mortgages and so on.  We also believe that as the government begins to pull back in some way out of the mortgage guarantee business there may be a better market for us and here this may grow. And so for now it's running very well and it's enhancing whatever we do here, not only from a small amount of earnings, but also by the intelligence it provides us on what's going on in the economy. So for now we see it as a keeper. 
Bob Benmosche: It's important to stress that they’ve enhanced their processes. What you're seeing us do is enhancing a lot of processes, because we really want to tighten this place up and really improve the quality of our performance. And about $10 billion of our reserves this quarter were looked at by third party actuaries. We're going through it quarter by quarter and they've validated that our reserves are, if anything, just slightly above what they saw as essential estimates. So I think it's $10 billion, but as we go through it we're seeing everything coming in line, that the reserves continue to be what we said, very strong.
Bob Benmosche: Ed, I think what we're doing right now is we're assembling a world-class team in my mind. Because there may be some that are maybe as good, but nobody better that are quicker minds around how we begin to deal with this and how we can do things in a way such that we trigger a taxable gain on what it is we have here. Sometimes you don’t actually have to sell it that you get caught with a taxable gain. So there's all kinds of theories and strategies we're putting together, and we're going to do everything we can to maximize this number. However, we're also mindful that we don’t want to do it to the extent that it would harm Jay's business, so we're being mindful of the NII there. And that's a challenge. We have the team to do it, and that's why David is going to be conservative come to fourth quarter as to what he thinks can be realized [inaudible]. 
Bob Benmosche: I'm going to turn it over to David, but I want to stress that selling the 100 million shares was a condition of closing to demonstrate we could. Remember, for us to be allowed to be where we are today, completely independent of government support, we had to prove we can get unsecured debt all the way through derisking FP and our credit ratings and also raising equity capital. So the G was put in as a stopgap until we demonstrated that, and so that's really about bringing us to that level at this point in time. And we've also told you that we want to [inaudible] the liquidity during this period of time so that the rating agencies can absorb where we are and see how we operate throughout 2011. So that's what we did, and again keep in mind that we had to demonstrate our strength, having given up $30 billion of committed government support, plus the implied support above that. So that was all part of that condition of closing and maintaining strong investment grade ratings on a standalone basis. Having said that, David can now talk about what we're going to do with the proceeds. 
Bob Benmosche: And by the way, we have done a lot of sensitivity testing around SIFI, and we're very confident that SIFI will not cause us to go up. We are well above where even SIFI is at, so we don’t see it getting in the way of our flexibility and our thoughts at this stage of the game from what we've studied. 
Bob Benmosche: I think we're going to study it and when with get to October we'll know what the markets are. We'll know where we are. As we talk about the SPV that it's collateralizing, as David just said, we're at [$11.3 billion]. We've got about $2.6 billion of cash that's sitting there in support of contingencies for Met Life, because of the sale of the Met Life stock, and the deal with Alico, and so when you take that out, you're down to about $6.5 billion, after Nanshan comes in.  And that's collateralized for example by ILFC as well as AIA, and so there's a huge amount of money. We're going to be taking a look at strategically where we are, what we need to do, what makes the most sense come October. And then the team will do that which we believe will give us the best shareholder value for the company going forward. It's all about how to create shareholder value moving into the fourth quarter as quickly as we possibly can. 
Bob Benmosche: I'm not comfortable with that, only because there's still this third quarter to go. But we know that all of the activity in the second quarter is not reflected in the base yield. 
Bob Benmosche: You know, the one thing to keep in mind, and for everybody to keep in mind, is Western has a product chassis that is unique to the industry, so think about it as today I think they price maybe 230 different combinations and permutations of different capabilities. So here's how much money we have and how do you want to slice and dice it. And as Jay just said, several very, very large banks have decided to finally see what happens when you cut commissions and go ahead and see if you can get the volume to do better. And we've seen huge volumes in these institutions that are very large.  And so this is a competitive advantage because of the uniqueness of that front end, and you add to it a very strong low-cost operation that comes out of Amarillo, Texas for now, which is a very high quality group. So you put that together and it gives them the opportunity to get this kind of price with this kind of volume. So it really is unique, and it's very hard for competitors to get to this overnight, because you've got to build that model and then get people comfortable in using that model. So it really is an incredible capability. 
Bob Benmosche: Have you guys got some extra money, because we can talk. I don't know how anybody's going to buy our interest. It's totally under the control of the Fed. All I can say is that the cash flows - remember in the two years or so it's gone from $24 billion to $12 billion. It's doing about $350 million a month in cash flow. So the cash flows are strong regardless of the pricing that's going on here. We're all trying to figure the pricing out better to reflect the real value here, but there's no question Maiden Lane III has a tremendous amount of value for us down the road.  And so we would think if you do the numbers that sometime during 2014 - it depends on how strong they stay - that our $6.5-7 billion that's sitting there will start to flow in here. And so you just have to take that out of the equation. It's just something coming down the road just like Maiden Lane II. We had hoped to take the volatility out of Jay's earnings. That didn't succeed. But again, that's another one that has a lot of economic value over time that will flow in.  And remember those are collateralized, so in order to free up the collateral you're going to have to pay it down. Those are two major properties that are there supporting it, and I think Maiden Lane III is there, but that's just an extra safety valve down the road. But the cash coming in, Treasury wants first priority on that cash, because that's the deal. So as we monetize these assets, we don't get to leave them with Maiden Lane III and an SPV, taken at 5%. They want their cash, and that's what we're negotiating when the time comes as to how we exit from that SPV. 
Peter D. Hancock: On the life settlements impairment charge, I'd like to just put it in the context of the overall life settlements portfolio, which totals a carrying value of $4 billion. We have instituted increased scrutiny of the longevity assumptions with updated medical information on individual lives. This is a book which has fairly large insured values per life, and as a result of those updated actuarial assumptions, which were validated by third-party scrutiny as well, we have added the impairment charge. We would not anticipate future charges, anything of that scale, but on the other hand, as I said, it's fairly lumpy in terms of individual lives. But when we take an impairment it's an asymmetrical charge when any single contract is impaired. But you don’t take positive news when it comes in. So there's an asymmetrical aspect of it. When we take an impairment we basically look at current yields on similar contracts to mark down the position. 
Peter D. Hancock: It's not mark-to-market. It's effectively cost accounting, so you're basically looking for impairments of individual lives and so if you've got evidence that your assumption there is too aggressive then you mark that to market, but you don’t mark up the opposite, lives where you have information that suggests that you have it valued too low. So the enhanced process is just increased scrutiny on this book, with additional third-party scrutiny to validate our own assumptions. That's what's changed, and I would not expect charges of this magnitude going forward, but on the other hand, I would not expect it to be zero either. There will be some volatility and it's asymmetrical because the positive news comes in the form of a higher expected yield over the approximately 10-year duration of these contracts. 
Peter D. Hancock: I think the first thing is that as we have looked at all of our lines of business, all of our individual relationships through the scrutiny of whether they meet our risk adjusted profitably targets, certain programs just didn't make the cut. And the particular consumer example you cite was one that whatever way you look at it just didn’t make sense going forward. So we terminated that program.  In terms of the overall trend, we saw an increase in ratable exposure which helped the general positive trend. Hopefully the economy continues its recovery and that trend doesn’t reverse itself, but we're not holding our breath. And in terms of other favorable rate trends, property is probably the most promising, especially outside of the U.S., but in the U.S. we're also seeing a slight hardening.  
Peter D. Hancock: Let me start with an overall comment on the expense ratio, and then I'll hand it over to Rob. The expense ratio is not something we target. It's an outcome of things that we do target, which is improvement in our costs, regardless of whether they appear in the expense ratio or the loss ratio. And I think that we're very conscious of the importance of reducing our fixed costs and then focusing on unit costs associated with claims management. And so as we do that, that has an effect on the expense ratio.  Secondly, as our business mix shifts from high to very low frequency to higher-frequency, low severity businesses, then the expense element goes up, but the amount of capital intensity goes down. So as we factor in capital costs, that, again, is another important shift. So as we shift toward these lower-risk consumer lines, then we expect the expense ratio to go down. And the acquisition costs are obviously higher as well in those lines.  So it's an outcome of our strategic shift toward lower risk businesses with better repeatable earnings characteristics, but we're very focused on expenses, however they're categorized. And so as far as the specific shift, maybe Rob, why don't you explain that shift as well. 
Robert Schimek: I think you can see from our quarterly review of our carried reserves that we did not experience any significant deviation from our expectations during the quarter with respect to claims trends. That's one of the things we focus on each quarter. We have an expectation based off of our carried reserves of what should happen during the quarter and we compare that to what actually did happen during the quarter. Right now, it's a class of business by class of business distinction here, but generally speaking, we're seeing rate change in line with loss cost trends, in particular, for example, with respect to worker's compensation, where you're seeing rate increases. But it is line of business by line of business specific. I think the overall point is that actual results are trending in line with our expectations. 
Robert Schimek: Let me just provide clarity here. First of all, I think you generally said this correct. Prior year development for the second quarter is adverse, but we write loss-sensitive business, and on the loss-sensitive business we have accrued premiums. And so the net of those two items in the second quarter are largely offset. The way that it works in the combined ratio itself, though, is that the prior year development affects the numerator, but the accrued premium or the loss-sensitive premium affects the denominator. So it's not an exact zero-sum game in the combined ratio itself.  And then as I think we talked about in the first quarter, one of the significant drivers on our development in Q1 was the fact that we had a settlement of a historical issue associated with one particular line of business. It's disclosed I think reasonably clearly in the 10-Q. But it was that item that really drove prior year development, all in the first quarter of 2011. 
Robert Schimek: No, you said it exactly Mike. We have adverse development on business that was written years ago, and the premium accrual is on that same business. Just remember the way this actually works is we do our analysis across the entire portfolio, maybe in excess of a thousand different cohorts of data that we're analyzing, so the adverse development is the sum of all of those ins and outs. All of the accrued premiums on the loss-sensitive business, 100% of it relates to business that's also being included in, and is the driver of, the net adverse development that we experienced for the quarter. So the answer to the question is absolutely positively these are directly and specifically interrelated. There's an exact match between adverse development and the premium accrual in the loss-sensitive business. I'm just saying to you there's thousands of different ways that we slice this data and so there are other places of increases in prior year development and other places where there's decreases in prior year development. But the primary driver of why you have net adverse development is related to those premiums that we also accrued on loss-sensitive business. 
Robert Schimek: One other thing I would mention there Mike is that in the second quarter of last year, we did our first cat bond and so the prior year premium associated with commercial property is reduced by the amount of premium that we ceded on that cat bond, which was approximately $100 million. So we're higher in the 2011 simply because we did not cede premium again on a new cat bond. So just wanted to add that. 
Robert Schimek: I'll just give you a couple more things to keep in mind, especially here in 2011, and I think for the first part of 2012. We've embarked on a number of very important strategic fundamental investments in our platform including, for example, work we're doing on [inaudible] in Europe and we're also undergoing a very significant finance transformation effort inside of the chartered finance organization to put us all onto one single financial platform around the world.  Each of those items, among others, are investments that we think are very important to the long term viability of our platform and those will cause our expenses to go up as we go across the next year or so. However, you'll see us also continuing to demonstrate progress on the items that we've been targeting as an overall reduction of GOE.  One thing you will see from us is as we now have a full year of Fuji consolidated into our operations, Fuji carries a higher expense ratio and you should expect that that will also have an impact on us as we move forward into the rest of the year.  We do a lot of work on a quarterly basis to make sure that we've got an appropriate valuation of bad debt, whether it's on premiums or whether it's just on any receivables that we have on the books, and so one of the things that benefitted us in the current quarter was a reduction in bad debt expense also. And that will be lumpy on a quarter to quarter basis, really just based off of the facts and circumstances of that analysis. 
David Herzog: As we said earlier, we've got about $7.5 billion of DTA, net DTA, related to the life capital loss carry-forward. And as we look at the life portfolio it has about I think $8 billion or so of gross gains. And then if you tax effect the gains, that sort of gives you a sense of how to think about the real opportunity right now, because that's the inventory of gains that we have. And then the question is how do we go about achieving that. In part we are realizing capital gains in the life cost of services themselves, actually selling the securities.  And then there are other strategies involved where we have other opportunities to realize, at least for tax purposes, the gains. And we are in the process of evaluating that. My sense is, as we said, maybe up to 25% of that number, of the $7.5 billion, we would expect to get, because the expiry dates run between 2013 and 2014. And so time is very different than on the NOLs, which run out until 2028. So the fourth quarter evaluation, as I was commenting on, will be around the NOLs, which we expect to realize fully. The foreign tax credits we expect to realize fully, and the nonlife capital loss carry-forward we expect to realize fully. 
David Herzog: Well no. Think of it differently. If there's about $2-2.5 billion of DTA, and the DTA is effectively 35% of the actual gain. So if we were to realize all $8 billion of gains, take -
David Herzog: There's a tradeoff, and that's why I say we're balancing economics here against a GAAP-reported number, and a GAAP-reported spread. And we're sensitive to that, but that's why there are other ways to realize those gains other than just straight out harvesting. 
David Herzog: The Nanshan proceeds will be used to repay or pay down the AIA SPV balance, so there's about $11.5 billion of obligation that the SPV has to the U.S. Treasury. Of the Nanshan proceeds, nearly $2.2 billion will be used to reduce that balance, which is a great outcome for all the stakeholders. So that's where those proceeds are going to go. I would point you to our 10-Q disclosure, page 142. We talk about the capital liquidity availability at the holding company, the nearly $13.1 billion. As we discussed earlier, it's not so much about excess capital today as much as it is about the generation of distributable available capital as we continue to execute on our business.  And again, we reaffirm our aspirational goals which we set forth in the first quarter Q, that the $25-30 billion of capital management activities over the course of the next several years we believe are still very achievable, particularly in light of the continued progress that we're making. So again, we'll continue to try to optimize the capital structure of the company. We're building sufficient liquidity at the holding company. Again, the final determination of whether or not we are designated a SIFI will ultimately be determined sometime later this year we expect. And so, again, all of those will play into when and how much and to what degree we commence our capital management. But at this time it's about building the pool of available capital. 
David Herzog: Well, as we laid out as part of our earlier equity markets discussions, capital dividend capacity at our operating companies and those expectations have not changed. And so we will continue to expect to receive dividends from our operating companies to bolster the $13.1 billion we have. 
