Brian Schreiber: Sure, Bob. Yes, as we've said in the past, we're -- we manage the DIB to, again, maximize its profitability over time while maintaining adequate capital and liquidity to cover any risks. The DIB over time has generated several billion dollars of income and gains. As David said, we expect it to reach its half life by that 2017. And again, the significant NAV in that business will free up over time. As you heard in prior quarters, we have been able to move excess capital out of the DIB, so we do have some flexibility there and we'll continue to operate it prudently. I don't know if there's a whole lot more to say on that at the moment. 
Brian Schreiber: Thanks, David. I think you've nailed all the salient points, it will be a combination of interest expense reduction, as well as improvement in operating earnings. And we -- as you noted, we do have some bonds that are callable that, I think, make a lot of sense for us to go after. And when you think about our flexibility on an ongoing basis to go after this, as we said in the past, we expect $4 billion to $5 billion of subsidiary dividends coming up to parent every year. This year, we're already ahead of $5 billion as of today and expect a bit more in the fourth quarter. You take out the parent expenses and interest and you're sort of in a situation where we're going to have around $2 billion a year, give or take a little, for things like liability management and dealing with, opportunistically reducing our outstanding expensive debt. And that excludes the additional excess capital that will be generated from sales of non-core assets, as well as capital free-up over time from the DIB. 
Brian Schreiber: What we've said in the past and where we still feel pretty strongly about is that there is probably close to $5 billion -- $4 billion to $5 billion, I think we said in the past, of pull to intrinsic over the life of the portfolio. And what you're seeing now in a quarter like this is, again, the combination of net investment income as well as the CVA or the impact of spread tightening on the assets slightly offset by our own spread tightening. Because most of the assets and liabilities in the DIB or a substantial portion of which have been swapped, really what you're going to see coming through the P&L, when we think about pull to intrinsic, is effectively CVA. And it will not be consistent over time. It's going to be -- it's all market-driven, but we still feel pretty strongly about what we've indicated in the past is what the potential of this portfolio is. 
Bob Benmosche: That's true, what you said. However, we are working with the Fed because we're in a hurry. We want to make sure that we know where we stand and so we're doing our best to understand the requirements, run those requirements through our risk models and see what we can do to determine just where we stand. So while there's no requirements, we're still working informally to see if we can do something to assess where we are as we go forward. So we just have to wait and see how the Federal Reserve works with us and how they want to proceed with various tests. We are open to it and welcoming it, because we think it makes sense to get clarity now rather than later. 
Bob Benmosche: I can't speak for the Fed. I can only tell you they're in. They're just starting to work with us. We're a big company and they're working through it. And as soon as they're able to make some assessment, I'm sure they'll work with us. I think everybody wants to get clarity. It's just a matter of time and working through a schedule that makes sense for them. 
Bob Benmosche: Thanks, Charlie. And so I think, as you can see, even on environmental, it's been a year of going through this and so we're probably in the $500 million to $600 million addition to reserve. But we think it's completely behind us now and we're continuing to do these reviews, to continually build confidence in this reserve and make sure we have it right. So a lot of work has gone onto it. But I don't think the trend is something that's just a trend, but it's actually our cleaning up to make sure everything is right. 
Bob Benmosche: Well, we've gone through the whole reserve. This is one area that was very complex and one that we really had to put a lot more time on. 
Bob Benmosche: I'll let John answer the second part. And then, as far as color, Peter, you might want to add to it, not that there's much there. We're just going through this on a claim-by-claim basis. We're working with clients right now. And it's hard for me to give you a scope of it because some of the flooding and water damage that was done, especially in the New York area, in Manhattan. But I can only say that we don't see this as being any kind of a huge issue for us financially, other than just dealing with the issues at hand. So I don't know that I could give you any more color at this point, but let me turn it over to Peter. 
Bob Benmosche: Anything that enhances what we already have anywhere in the world. So it's hard to say, I could give you some names, but I'm not sure that, that would be a good idea. 
Bob Benmosche: One is, I think, we're absolutely on target from everything we feel right now, to the 2015, getting to an ROE of north of 10%. So we feel that, that's achievable. We have a lot of wood to chop to get there and a lot of things we're building today and that's the investments of infrastructure and so on that we're building within AIG. So we feel that, that's still attainable. There are still questions about what would be the capital required over time. There's a bias in the regulatory environment to want to put more capital restrictions on financial services companies. But I think that, sooner or later, people are going to realize that you could just go too far with all of that. But from what we know and see, we still think it's realistic to shoot for north of 10%, or north. And as far as 2013, we are working very closely with the Federal Reserve. We feel we're in excellent shape. We run what we believe to be our understanding of a CCAR, and so we're looking at binding constraints. And if I were to think about 2013, we're focused on the coverage ratio, which is important, because our credit ratings are important, because we want to show not only stable, but positive or even an uptick is important because we make guarantees and our companies look forward to having strong guarantees behind AIG. They stuck with us during the crisis, but we want to give them better assurances going forward. And I would think that a dividend on the stock probably would be something that if in fact we're able to do that, I would see that as something we'd like to do in 2013 if our capital position is strong enough that we can do that. And we won't know that until the Fed has more time to review where we are. 
Bob Benmosche: Okay, I thank you all. For, I think, any other issues, please let us know, talk to Liz, but I thank you all. And good luck for those of you in the New York area. We've got a lot of work to just get back to normal. So I thank you all very much this morning. 
John Doyle: Josh, it's John Doyle. It's about a little less than 2 points, about 1.8 points. So as Peter mentioned, we had 3 storms in Asia that were named events that -- but didn't meet our $20 million threshold to call it a CAT. Then we had a number of larger losses, about 2x kind of our average number of [indiscernible] in the quarter, big fire losses in the quarter that impacted it as well. And we had a failed satellite launch, as kind of another example. It's double-digit severe losses, again, about 2x kind of an average number. Obviously, there's going to be some lumpiness to 2 large losses in property, but it was a bit of an unusual quarter for us. And as I said, it had close to a 2-point impact on the current accident year loss ratio. 
John Doyle: Yes, Michael, it was close 2 points globally. It was 1.8 points globally. James, do you have the number for the international side? I'm not sure what the number is exactly on the international side. 
John Doyle: Sure. It's -- we've talked about the various levers, right, being mix of business tools, claim initiatives and expenses, as David just covered and Peter talked about in his prepared remarks. Expenses are on the come, if you will, but we've made a lot of progress in terms of the mix of business. You've seen pretty aggressive actions we've taken -- in fact, in the presentation, there's a breakdown of U.S. casualty and the aggressive actions we've taken there. We've obviously have been pressing on the rate side, and I would say that the rate environment continues to improve. That flows through more quickly, obviously, in our property results. And we've not been aggressive about changing current accident year loss picks. We're in the process of bridging exercise with Charlie as we look about our loss picks as we go forward, but -- and we expect continued current accident year improvement in various lines and really on all lines in the United States. On the underwriting tools side, we've, with our science team and our underwriting resources, we've made some really exciting progress on some of the risk selection models that we're excited about as well. And then lastly, I would say we're about halfway through a multi-year program on the claims side. And we've seen some improvement in the United States. And we've got actually some exciting results we've seen in Europe as Eric Martinez and his team are executing on our global claims initiatives. So we expect to see continued current accident year improvement in the U.S. Commercial loss ratios. 
John Doyle: Well, I don't think we've disclosed where our CAT reinsurance attach is. But non-CAT, we've -- we're in the middle, there's been some press about our non-CAT kind of per-risk, if you will, reinsurance program. And as Peter said, really a byproduct of our new global view. Previously, we had structured reinsurance around legal entities around the world in a regional view, and so we're taking a more consistent risk appetite around the world. So it's an opportunity for us, primarily on the property side, to, again, take more risk back net. Simultaneously, though, we have actually just commenced a deal on the excess casualty side in the U.S. to actually seed out some of our U.S. excess casualty business. So we've got a kind of a global restructuring, if you will, of our overall reinsurance program. Pretty significant changes, but again, to drive a more consistent risk appetite and shift the mix of business to a better balance, really around the world. 
John Doyle: Okay. So there are -- obviously, we have a broad range of products in the U.S. commercial space and so all are not created equal. We've highlighted how we've reduced our overall exposure to U.S. casualty. So broadly, I think that the greatest rate need, if you think of it on a major line basis, we think is in the casualty space. Our property book in the U.S., our specialty lines, including financial lines, are performing better on a risk-adjusted basis than our view of the U.S. casualty market. Obviously, the interest rate environment there creates more pressure on that segment of the book than other segments. So in terms of rate need, I would say it's there. That's where we're getting the largest rate improvement at the moment and it's where we have a lot of our science resources focused on improving our risk selection. I mentioned earlier that we do expect current accident year improvement in those lines of business. So in terms of growth, we have modest mid-single-digit growth for commercial overall planned during the -- now through 2015 performance period. We'll see more aggressive growth outside of the U.S., but we do expect some low single-digit growth in our U.S. portfolio over the next couple of years. 
