Brian Duperreault: Good morning and thank you for joining us today. Given the announcements we made last week, we will handle today's call differently with the objective to leave as much time as possible for your questions. I will focus most of my remarks on our leadership changes and the separation of Life and Retirement. Peter will expand on what the separation process will entail. He will provide an overview of our third quarter results for General Insurance and Life and Retirement and give an update on AIG 200. Lastly, Mark will provide additional color on our financial results for the quarter. Kevin Hogan, Dave McElroy and Doug Dachille will be available for the Q&A portion of the call. As you saw in our earnings release, AIG continues to manage through the ongoing global economic uncertainty. We are financially strong and well positioned to capitalize on the opportunities for growth. In the third quarter, we reported adjusted after-tax income of $0.81 per common share, and we saw improvement in both the accident year combined ratio in General Insurance and Life and Retirement's adjusted return on attributed common equity. As we announced last week, the AIG Board unanimously elected Peter to become the next Chief Executive Officer of AIG effective March 1. At that time, I will assume -- I will become Executive Chairman of the AIG Board. This leadership transition demonstrates our continuing momentum and focus on AIG's future. It's an honor to serve as a CEO of AIG, and I want to thank our directors for their ongoing support. I also want to congratulate Peter. I've worked with Peter in several capacities for many years, and I'm extremely proud of him and the legacy he is building in our industry. Since joining me at AIG in 2017, he designed and executed on the turnaround in our General Insurance business, which, by any measure, has been historic. I greatly admire Peter's strength of character, leadership abilities and willingness to take decisive action. He has a proven track record of building great teams and successfully leading them in times of significant change and growth. Peter exemplifies the rare executive who is both a hard-working operational leader and a strategic visionary. I know that he will be an excellent CEO for AIG, and the company will be in great hands. Turning to our second big announcement last week. As I stated before, we have continually examined the composite structure of AIG. And over the last several months with the assistance from independent financial and legal advisers, we conducted a very comprehensive review to determine if the change would be in the best interest of our shareholders and other stakeholders. This review included examining strategic, operational, capital and tax implications. And the output of this review was very clear, that is a simpler structure will benefit both GI and L&R. This is largely due to the significant foundational work our team has done across AIG to strengthen our businesses and position them as market leaders. In addition, impediments to a separation that existed back in 2017 have greatly diminished. For example, the tax benefits of AIG's current composite structure have decreased over time. And with the stronger capitalization of our core business, the capital diversification benefit has become less significant. We believe our businesses will be more resilient as separate companies with more appropriate and sustainable valuations, and each will continue to be market leaders in their respective sectors with strong balance sheets, appropriate capital structures, attractive earnings and cash flows. We also believe both will have sufficient financial flexibility to compete effectively. We do not anticipate that either will require additional capital -- equity capital in connection with the separation, and neither will be overleveraged, especially when compared to their respective peers. We have evaluated various structural alternatives for the separation, and Peter will provide details on our initial conclusions. While the separation process will be complex and will, of course, require regulatory approvals, we are confident that we will execute in a way that provides the best long-term value for shareholders and other stakeholders. We are committed to transparency and providing you with updates as the process moves forward. Now I'll turn it over to Peter. 
Brian Duperreault: Well, look, since you brought up the 19, and I would have given this to Mark, but Peter, you might want to comment on 19.9% first, and then maybe Mark can go into the leverage question. 
Brian Duperreault: Okay. Ryan, let me start with this. So when you -- when we looked at this question, the question is does Life and Retirement and GI belong together? Or are they better apart? And the kind of conclusion was they were better apart. So let me look at the Life and Retirement, and you say, okay, is the Life and Retirement better together or apart? And it's the same kind of process. As I outlined it, we believe that the Life and Retirement business itself, as I said earlier, really is well integrated. There's a synergy around them that produces greater value than separating them. So that was -- we didn't see that value between Life and Retirement and General Insurance, but we see the value in the Life and Retirement business, where there is a creation of value because they are together. And that was the strategic decision. The question, is it practical to separate and all that? We went through all that. And we have the capital. We believe we can get the -- we have the ability to appropriately stand up L&R, I should say. So -- but it really fell on that very simple process. I hope that helps, Ryan. 
Brian Duperreault: I think that's the best way to leave it, Meyer. So look, I want to once again thank you all for joining us today. I'm very pleased with the progress we've made at AIG, and I think third quarter certainly is another indication of the fact that we are on the right track. And I got to tell, our colleagues really continue to impress me with their dedication and loyalty to our company and all our stakeholders. It's an exciting time at AIG. We continue to manage through unprecedented circumstances across the globe while elevating our market-leading businesses. And we look forward to 2021. I remain confident that our team will continue to execute on our strategies for growth, and we'll separate the Life and Retirement business from AIG. So we look forward to updating you on future calls. Have a great day. Thank you very much. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Thanks, Elyse. Yes, the 19.9% was referencing to the IPO. And we said that there could be -- we can't predict the future but that there could be an approach for a private sale, but it would be for the same percentage, the 19.9% or less, that we would not consider anything that would be above that. So I would think about whether it's the IPO or in the event of something came from a private party that it would be the 19.9% or less as an initial first step. 
Peter Zaffino: Got you. Okay. Yes. So really, the time line, Elyse, I would think like whether we pursue a minority IPO or sale, we're going to make that decision in the near term, and we'd like to communicate that promptly. I mean the ultimate closing of an IPO or sale will depend on regulatory or other required approvals. And we'd like to think we can close on the first step of separation in 2021. But of course, we'll have to see how the process unfolds. 
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Josh. It was not exclusive. I mean we believe that we can grow the top line for General Insurance, even in those conditions where we would have a prolonged headwind in Travel, but we think that we can grow the top line without caveats. 
Peter Zaffino: Well, we've been doing the reunderwriting of the liability lines for a couple of years now. And so we've seen the shift in the portfolio in a very positive way. I think what you'll see on the net premium written is just a lot of reinsurance cessions just because we put in excess of loss and quota share. In this particular year, we had even more cessions on the quota share. But we feel very good about the way in which we are positioning that portfolio. We do think that we can grow that portfolio on the top line. And the rate-on-rate increases that we're getting in the Casualty and liability lines are meaningful and, we believe, are above loss cost. So I wouldn't read into it. I would say that it's part of the remediation, it's part of reinsurance, and we think that we are in a position to grow it. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes, it's end of 2022 run rate, and we just thought about as we start to exit 2022. But I think all of the variables will contribute to the improved combined ratio. So I gave you some guidance on -- in my prepared remarks on AIG 200. So we remain committed to the billion dollars, and so we'll recognize $300 million of that as an exit run rate this year. So you could think about a couple of hundred basis points contributing to expense improvement during that period of time. We feel very good about the opportunity to grow the top line. And so we will start to see top line growth, which will help the ratios. We think we will have a revised reinsurance program that will reflect the portfolio that we have today. And so the vast reunderwriting to pivot to where we are today, we will have a different reinsurance structure going forward, and we will likely not need quite as much. And then the last piece is just the rate increases above loss cost will start to earn into the portfolio. And so I think all of those 4 variables will contribute to an improved combined ratio below the 90%. 
Peter Zaffino: So I think between my prepared remarks and your comments, Brian, we did look at many alternatives and just believe that the consistent performance that Life and Retirement has produced as it's structured is going to create the most shareholder value, keeping it together. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes, I think, Yaron, it is largely in my script, which is the 19.9% does preserve the foreign tax credits and that's a meaningful number today, but we will earn out of that. But I think -- Mark, I don't know if you want to go in a little bit deeper as to the deconsolidation issues. 
Peter Zaffino: No, we don't. I mean, again, I would have to -- when I'm looking through the future, I would have to talk myself out of it, not into it in terms of the underlying fundamentals as to will this continue or not. But we did not predicate getting below 90% combined at the end of 2022 with the rate environment that we're in today. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Thank you. So I would think about -- if I was -- if we're going to do an IPO with Life and Retirement, there will be additional investment in order to have that company stand up on its own. But how I would think about it is that the benefits of AIG 200 to Life and Retirement will be at or more than what the investment costs were. So there'll be no additional costs in terms of the run rate today. And then I do think that there will be more expense synergies at AIG post separation, and we're working through that. And that would be in addition to AIG 200, and we'll just give you some more insight in one of our future quarter calls as we do a little bit more ground-up work on it. 
Peter Zaffino: Well, I mean, Meyer, I just want to make sure I understand the question. Is it really in terms of rate above loss cost? Or like, I just want to make sure I understand what you're asking. 
Mark Lyons: Sure. Thanks, Paul, thanks for the question. Well, our primary focus for the proceeds from any initial disposition will be to reduce AIG's debt leverage. But we'll continuously to review the best use of our capital, which certainly includes share repurchases, and act accordingly based upon those priorities. 
Mark Lyons: Sure, sure. So since you talked about that, Paul, so AIG clearly has strong liquidity. That was bolstered by the $4.1 billion debt raise we did in May of this year. That attractively prefunded those forthcoming maturities, right, and provided liquidity from a risk management perspective. But the near-term capital management strategy remains focused, though, on reducing our debt level to leverage ratios and executing on this separation with Life and Retirement from AIG. So -- but as previously noted, though, we have upcoming obligations associated with that liquidity of roughly $3.5 billion. So we've got the tax settlement that I'd mentioned in my prepared remarks, that could be up to $1.2 billion. And we have maturing debt that we did prefund, which pushed up the leverage ratio knowingly. But we know that's coming due at a $700 million range in fourth quarter and $1.5 billion by March of 2021. So we really have -- those priorities are right in front of us. 
Mark Lyons: Sure, sure. So Tom, 2015 is quite a while ago. And as you know, there's been massive changes to the portfolio pretty much across the board. So I mean when you think about it, not only from 2015, but when Brian arrived in 2017, you've got a targeted risk reduction program that really went across the board with a revamped risk appetite, no matter how you looked at it. So that's been successfully implemented on both sides of the balance sheet, and it's involved the parent and GI and Life and Retirement and investments. And the operating subsidiary RBC, and risk-based capital, is strong for both GI and for L&R and the volatility in total and within each of those operations has clearly been markedly reduced. So -- and just as a little bit of a remembrance, so you see exactly the kind of risk reduction, which involves all the things you asked about. So the investment derisking, the Fortitude transaction, which we went into great detail, moving not only $35 billion of reserves, $31 billion of it was on Life and Retirement and $4-plus billion on GI, but it's also what constitutes those reserves. So when you look under the covers and you see a lot of structured settlement reserves and a lot of single premium immediate annuity reserves, those are clearly loaded with interest rate risk. So now that type of volatility and that kind of issue has now been pushed off as well. We have the ADC that we put into place with General Insurance that still has $6.4 billion unused, representing an 80% cession. The underwriting change to the book that has been massive, both on the front end and a proper reinsurance structure to protect it, as Peter always talked about. Consequence, the P&Ls have gone down enormously. The marketplace taking advantage of that with improved earnings by driving compound rate and improved terms and conditions but trimming the portfolio the right way, not just renewing books of business but getting into classes and things doing it properly. And not only on that, we've got the -- what we kind of referenced earlier, which was the debt rates that we had that allowed us to having risk management -- liquidity risk management capability in front of the prefunding of those maturing debt securities. So I think all in, we've got a lot of strength in earnings, a lot of strength in -- of lesser volatility around those earnings, and there is certainly a reduction in all those things combined. 
Mark Lyons: Yes. Well, as Peter said, the 19.9% certainly -- because you still consolidate. So you still continue to reap the benefits as he's noted, which is why it's important, number one. And number two is the shrinkage of that, the consumption of that has really been pretty evident over the older years to where we are now. And with L&R and GI -- because think about it, Yaron, L&R has really been the big consumer of -- for the DTA, especially on the FTC, that's the foreign tax credit side. But now you have 2 strong platforms with a lot of great prospects on a go-forward basis where both can use and both can consume that. So I think that's important. Now getting back to the structure, both -- all the AIG subsidiaries really are strongly capitalized today. And we do anticipate, though, that each of the General Insurance and Life and Retirement businesses will maintain strong RBC levels and will have a leverage ratio that's consistent with the respective peers and ratings. And we'll be working closely with our regulators and rating agencies, as Peter referenced, throughout this process to validate our analysis. And our intention is to remain at or above our target ratings of these operating subsidiaries. So we believe as separate organizations, both will have sufficient financial flexibility to compete effectively and to generate returns above their individual cost of capital. So again, to reiterate, at this time, with all in, we do not anticipate the need for additional equity capital in either business as part of the separation. 
Mark Lyons: Sure. Sure, happy to. Thank you, Meyer. So I think one thing that's been clear from the informations Peter has provided not only this call but at prior calls is we don't see any reduction of the rate of increase. It's -- one, it's global not just centered in the U.S.; and secondly, we don't see it falling off in virtually all the major areas that we've discussed. I think some others may, but we have not. And I think that's tantamount to the continued professionalism of the underwriting group. So think of it this way. So if you have that kind of strength by policy quarter, effective quarter, and if that continues to build, it's going to flow off increasing rate adequacy into future calendar quarters. So '20, it's going to have a very strong year, and I see nothing in the way stopping 2021 from being marginally better than that. 
Mark Lyons: It's actually much more complicated, and there's legal structures involved. That's -- there's no short answer to that, but other than to say, not really. 
