John Doyle: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. AIG's property-casualty results in the third quarter reflect execution against our strategic objectives and our continued focus on underwriting discipline and risk selection. If you turn to Slide 8, you can see the third quarter property-casualty income of $1.1 billion, up from a year ago, benefited from earned premium growth, improvement in the accident year loss ratio in both commercial and consumer businesses and higher net investment income. Reported net premium written grew 3% from the same period last year, also reflecting growth in both commercial and consumer insurance. Similar to the year-ago quarter, this quarter was a relatively benign cat quarter with losses of $284 million from eight different events. Net investment income growth reflected improved returns from alternative investment, which were roughly 10% on an annualized basis better than our 8% expectation. If you turn to Slide 9, commercial insurance reported net premium written growth of 5% versus the same period a year ago or 3% when adjusted for FX and additional premiums on our loss sensitive business, led by increases in our property and financial lines businesses. Property net premiums written rose on increases in new business in the middle market and highly engineered risks. In addition, this growth benefited from improved retention on renewal business and changes to optimize our retention of more favorable risks. Financial lines growth reflected new business increases of targeted growth products such as multinational small business and M&A across all of our regions as well as favorable rate environment here in the United States. Global commercial rates increased slightly in the quarter and were up 1.8% in the US. US financial lines led with a 3.9% increase, powered by our specialty lines of 2.4% here in the US, while casualty was up 2.2% in the United States. Property rates were down 2.3% and overall market conditions have been fairly stable and consistent with the second quarter. With respect to rate trends, we believe it's our pricing strategy, our business mix and our focus on pricing each risk appropriately that gives us confidence in our accident year loss ratio trend and continued growth in risk-adjusted profitability. The accident year loss ratio as adjusted in commercial improved by 1.4 points from the year-ago quarter primarily due to an improvement in financial lines as a result of our fine business mix and underwriting improvement as well as 0.6 tenths of 1 point decline in severe losses from the year-ago quarter. Our global property business continues to deliver positive risk-adjusted profitability even considering the recent elevated trends of severe losses. Turning to Slide 10, mortgage guarantee reported another strong quarter of operating performance with operating income of $135 million. Mortgage guarantee continues to benefit from improvement in delinquency ratio and cure rates. UGC has become part of our commercial insurance business and remains an important core insurance operation for us, given its strong returns and strategic insights into the residential mortgage market. To sum up, the commercial team continues to advance on its strategic initiatives where collaboratively across all AIG businesses and further build value for all of our stakeholders. Now I'd like to turn the call over to Kevin to discuss our consumer PC and Life and Retirement businesses.
John Doyle: Just quickly on a favorable side, we did see some favorable development in financial lines also in Canada in more recent years in Canada and had favorable development in cats as well on the quarter. Some of the older issues, more legacy issues that you refer to construction defect, New York Labor Law. On the CD side, we saw emergence in some new states that were consistent with the review we had done in the prior year in the third quarter. And then commercial auto is more recent with the uptick in the economy, I think consistent with what some others have reported. We saw both an increase in frequency and severity in the 2010 and 2013 accident years. We have updated our risk selection models and pricing models in commercial auto to reflect the changes and have gotten some price of late. Maybe I'll ask Charlie to talk a little bit about some of the older development in particular.
John Doyle: I think that for the most part, we like to deliver on what we promise. And I think barring unusual circumstances during that quarter, we want to maintain a cadence that we do what we say and we say what we do. I think a lot of the companies make larger buyback authorizations and then take a long time to execute them. And I think we'd rather be more immediate responser.
John Doyle: I think, Mike, it's mostly around short-tail loss improvement in the quarter. The prior year, we had a pretty sizeable severe loss in Asia last year in the third quarter and that didn't recur. It's not necessarily a straight line, but we see good momentum on our international commercial business. We saw a pretty good growth in Asia in the third quarter, pretty good growth across most of Europe and the Middle East. So we're pleased with the progress there.
Peter Hancock: I think that we feel that each quarter is a good cadence to reevaluate the capital adequacy of the company, the progress that we're making. And so we feel that $1.5 billion is a sizeable commitment that we want to make sure that we deliver on. So I think if we change our view on the frequency with which we should that, then we'll certainly signal that to the Street.
Peter Hancock: I think that you picked up the right trends. We continue to see good steady improvement in the loss ratio in the commercial sector in particular. I think that the pace of that improvement may abate some headwinds, especially in the US, but I think that the successful diversification to international markets offsets some of that headway. In the consumer space, we've, as Kevin mentioned, made some significant progress to lower action year loss ratios. But the challenge there is investment in infrastructure and in particular the integration of the Fuji Fire and Marine and AIU entities in Japan, which will be ongoing for several quarters to come. So I think that while we feel confident in our long-term goal of combined ratios south of 95, the timing on that is not something that we are guidance on, because we want to maintain flexibility as we execute on these major initiatives.
Peter Hancock: Well, I respect our peers' practices, but we view our own practices as very much committed to a true note of giving our best estimates of reserves with the information that we have at hand. We don't try and squirrel away reserves for a rainy day. So what you see is what you get. They may lead to a little bit more quarterly EPS volatility than everybody would like from the outside, but we think the long-term sustainability of our strategy is what's most important. And that comes from facing the truth on a timely basis, good news and bad news. And I think that that's a philosophical that I'd like to underpin the way we match our business throughout. We want to create sustainable long-term growth and that requires us to face the truth on a timely basis, good news or bad.
Peter Hancock: I think that there are some exceptional items that were driven by our internal capital optimization, in particular the over-capitalization of the Life and Retirement subsidiaries. So there is some rather elevated dividends up from those entities to the holding company. But on the other hand, there are other items that free up capital as well in future quarters. So I don't think we've stabilized to the point where the capital actions in any given quarter are a good predictor of the next quarter. We want to maintain flexibility ending approval of upstreaming dividends and frankly the market environment. So in contrast to dividend policy, I think we want to maintain flexibility on our capital management and maintain an excellent upward trend in credit perception with all of the stakeholders, regulators as well as rating agencies. And as we think about the opportunities for capital, to have a hierarchy of priorities, first fueling organic growth and we see some excellent opportunities for organic growth in our core businesses; second, inorganic, and we made a modest acquisition this summer, which added capabilities to our international life business; and finally, obviously returning it to shareholders in the form of buyback. But I think that as we evaluate those choices, we're weighing up the accretive nature of all three before we decide how much to do in any given quarter.
Peter Hancock: And I would just add on the comment that John made on international commercial that we're seeing the benefits of the leadership that John has exercised over the last three years to take a holistic approach globally to risk appetite and using our best expertise in a collaborative manner across borders. Our international operations had historically had much different risk appetite than our US domestic. And so I think our customers are really seeing One AIG around the world and rewarding us, I think, with a better mix of business internationally as a result. So we're really punching out our weight in all countries as opposed to just in the US.
Peter Hancock: As I said earlier, I think we compensate and incentivize our actuaries to do the very best they can to come up with their best estimate. We are investing heavily in giving them better and better tools to do so. And I'm pleased with the progress they've made in what is a very challenging job to estimate long-tail businesses that we inherit from fairly old accident years. And so over time, I think that we will see the noise narrow as long as the tort environment and macroeconomic factors that also drive trends and updated estimates, they're relatively stable. But we are committed to updating on a timely basis and using our best judgment to come up with best estimate and delivering that news to you as it happens. So we're in this together.
David Herzog: You're correct. We released about $1 billion in the quarter. And as I said in my remarks, we do expect to release DIB capital. It may be in the form of cash. It may be in the form of securities or other assets over time, which the key is to release the net assets from the DIB, get them to the parent for monetization. We would expect that over the period of time between now and 2018, roughly 80% to 90% of the NAV to be released. That's largely in line with the run-off of the liabilities, the debt that's there. We have assets and liquidity and short-term investments to cover those maturities at par even under stress. So that's sort of the glide path. That is more heavily weighted towards 2018, which is reflective of the concentration of maturities in that year. So that's consistent with what we have seen from the past. So hopefully that's helpful.
David Herzog: It may be, but I'm giving what is our best estimate at the time. But again, we continue to be very opportunistic in looking at the wind-down activities and run-off activities of the DIB.
David Herzog: As Peter mentions, an important part of the elevation in expenses is due to the integration of Fuji Fire and Marine in Japan. And we explained at our Tokyo Investor Day, a merger process in Japan is quite a bit different than other places around the world, where a great deal of activity has to go into preparing for the actual legal merger including allocating a single set of products across the companies for day one, having all of the systems investments in [ph] UAT is done, et cetera. And so I think that we really need to look at this as a continuation of the successful acquisition and introduction of Fuji Fire and Marine. And as we've previously indicated, we are anticipating a little bit less than half of the $250 million than we had previously announced. This year with the remaining going forward and as Peter pointed out, we need to look at the long-term opportunities for the efficiencies in this business. At the same time, also driving up some of the expenses are accruals for profit shares on the warranty business in US, which has a dramatically improved profile after the program restructuring that we undertook last year.
David Herzog: The different from year-over-year last year versus this year is because of the profit share accruals, but primarily the Japan integration is really the largest number driving the expenses. We would expect to see a continued elevated expense as we integrate the businesses in Japan due to the unique process that exists in Japan.
David Herzog: I think the noise, Tom, was from last year. We have taken some steps, as Peter indicated, in his opening comments to operate a bit more efficiently and gone through a program of work during the course of this year to reflect some of the organizational changes that we're anticipating. And so we do have fewer folks on the team than we did at the beginning of the year and we're focused and better aligned with the opportunities we have around the world. I don't expect meaningful expense improvement in commercial next year, but we have made some efforts to improve the results this year.
David Herzog: We have not yet updated that guidance or that outlook, so to speak. But again, they remain strong and I think the important aspect here of what I commented on with respect to the Life and Retirement and migrating the RBC from its prior year at 568 to a normalized operating range around 470. And so some of that excess capital may come out in the near term, which could influence the run rate for next year. But the key is to get it up to the holding company where it is the most fungible and flexible. So we will be updating that in the course of discussions in the year as part of our fourth quarter.
David Herzog: I think we'll evaluate our tax planning strategies over the course of the next several years. At this point, we've been very mindful of the expiry dates on the various deferred tax assets that we have the NOLs, the foreign tax credits. I think you've seen us be very proactive and effective at realizing the benefits of our capital loss carryforwards. So I think from that, you could infer that we will be prudent in trying to optimize the total cost of operations. And so I don't want to comment any further than that. So we're mindful of it and we understand the value of the DTAs, and we'll manage the tax rate appropriately.
