Peter D. Hancock: Thanks, Liz, and thank you all for joining us this morning. I'd like to discuss key highlights from the second quarter; the progress we're making towards our financial targets, the quality and strength of our balance sheet, and provide an update on capital management. I'm pleased with our overall momentum and believe our scale and focus on being our clients' most valued insurer will lead to continued success across our businesses. Turning to page 3, our key operating metrics. Trends include improved combined ratios for commercial insurance. Strong alternative investment returns contributed to investment income, despite pressure on consumer base yields. John and Kevin will provide additional comments on the performance of their respective businesses and how they're being positioned for sustained profitability. Our second quarter results demonstrated our commitment to balancing growth, profitability, and risk. (2:11 – 2:21) reduction target, but have more work to do. Book value per share excluding AOCI and DTA was over $62, up 3% for the quarter and 10% from a year ago. We expect continued growth in book value per share, as our business deliver on improved profitability and we deploy excess capital. Following the update to our capital plan we announced an additional $5 billion share repurchase authorization and a 124% increase in our quarterly dividend to $0.28 this quarter, which highlights our growing confidence in sustainable earnings. Given the substantial increase to our dividend we will include dividend growth in the 10% or more book value growth target. On the expense front we continue to simplify our businesses and processes, while continuing to invest in technology and infrastructure, which is driving our 3% to 5% in net expense reduction and allows us to focus on providing the greatest value to our customers. David will provide additional details on general operating expenses in his remarks. The shifting profitability dynamics of Commercial Insurance markets impacted our second quarter ROE, but does not diminish our outlook. We expect to reach our 50-basis point target for the year, adjusted for the lost AerCap earnings and the timing of capital deployment associated with the AerCap sale proceeds. Continued underwriting improvements and expense reductions are the essential keys to reaching this target. We also believe that the current normalized ROE under GAAP doesn't fully reflect actions taken in recent years to build intrinsic value and further enhance balance sheet quality. As just one example our investment gains taking program has put pressure on investment income, but allowed for DTA utilization that freed up capital for share repurchases. While this was the right economic decision, the negative near-term ROE impact is about 70 basis points. In the quarter and through July we actively repurchased shares below our estimate of intrinsic value. Since our fourth quarter earnings call through the end of July we've repurchased approximately 80 million shares for $4.7 billion, leaving $1.3 billion remaining under our previous authorization. I would note that for a portion of the quarter we were in blackout due to the AerCap sale. In July we also extended our debt maturities, further enhancing balance sheet quality. Our current debt-to-capital ratio is approximately 16% and shareholder's equity, excluding AOIC and DTA, is over $80 billion, which we believe positions AIG for sustainable profitable growth. In our annual shareholder's letter we referred to floating or selling businesses that lack synergy with our core operations. While we believe that our core insurance businesses largely meet our customers' needs and our economic return objectives, we are actively considering divestures to sculpt the company into a more coherent organization. We also consider acquisitions as a potential strategy to build capabilities that meet our customers' needs, enhance our infrastructure, contribute to growth, and that are not overly capital intensive. Our mission is to empower our clients to be their most valued insurer through our risk and claims expertise as well as our financial strength. Now I'd like to turn it over to David.
Peter D. Hancock: So that's a somewhat dynamic number. It relates to the degree to which we're able to upstream excess capital from the subsidiaries, while maintaining the confidence of local stakeholders that care very much about those standalone entity capital ratios and liquidity positions. We – some portion of that liquidity at the holding company is – it's actually contingent capital to support the group wide risk levels. And as we did in the aftermath of Superstorm Sandy, we promptly injected about $1 billion into the P&C sub. So it's not all surplus for general purposes. It's earmarked for that. So the risk profile is dynamic, depending on the growth of the underlying businesses. But we are very mindful of maintaining positive momentum with the rating agencies. And so the pacing of our capital return is based on – of your relative value of our stock versus any acquisition opportunities and organic growth opportunities. And the surplus is there in between those actions. So I think that there's no sort of fixed number that you can plug into a model. It's somewhat dynamic.
Peter D. Hancock: It's Peter here. No. I don't think that it has any implications for us needing to do a deal. We are already by many measures one of the largest insurers in the sector. I think that margin pressure and other issues may be driving others to consolidate. And I think we've got a lot of work to do to digest the acquisition and merger in Japan with Fuji Fire and Marine. We've got work to do to divest things that don't fit well within our vision of the company in the future. And we will be making more modest acquisitions to add capability. So what it does do is it creates opportunity for us I think both in terms of customers, talent and a slight shift in the balance of power between carriers and brokers. Because in the high net worth space in the U.S. for instance, you've gone from four carriers to two in the space in the last 6 months with that consolidation – and the Fireman's deal. So I think there's puts and takes. But I don't see any change in our strategy as a function of this. Maybe a better market for anything that we sell.
Peter D. Hancock: We haven't specified any particular properties. But we're looking very carefully through our strategic review of where the synergies exist today, where they could exist in the future, and where we feel there are particularly strong bids for assets that may or may not fit in our future. So we won't declare that until we're ready to sell.
Peter D. Hancock: We signaled in the first quarter that we were shifting from what we described as a metronome-like buyback pace to a more dynamic buyback strategy. And the reason for that is various. But in particular as the share price appreciates, we are very value conscious. And we look at the relative value of buybacks versus alternative uses of capital. And certainly don't want to be buying back stock above intrinsic. So I think it's a number that will be somewhat dynamic as a function of opportunities to grow our core businesses through organic growth. But that's fairly modest. But more importantly market dynamics in terms of the share price versus intrinsic.
Peter D. Hancock: I can see situations where it could be completed by the end of this year. And I can see situations where it might extend a bit. So I don't think there is a strong constraint. Obviously, we've got daily limits in terms of the permissible amounts per day. But other than that I think we've got room to accelerate this well within the 2015 calendar year. But it will be dynamic.
Peter D. Hancock: Yeah. I would just make a further comment about this. Which is that while this is the – a fairly sizable adverse development in recent accident years, the cumulative development in recent accident years is still positive, including this. So I think that's an important sort of contextual fact.
Peter D. Hancock: Well I think that for a start the way we think about this year-on-year improvement is to normalize a lot of the noise. So as much as possible of that improvement is within our control. And probably the most important driver that's in our control is expenses. And we have a number of major initiatives to deliver on our expense targets. And we have a high degree of confidence that 2016 will meet or exceed our expense targets. And so we are working hard on that. There are obviously other dynamics that are less in our control, as John has talked about in terms of shifting profitability dynamics in the Commercial sector. But we have the benefit of an extremely diverse book and a dynamic allocation of capital and business mix to respond to those changing dynamics. And we also have the possibility of capital deployment and the timing of that in a way that will be accretive.
Peter D. Hancock: It's one of several, to be honest. It's one that has been in the pipeline for such a long time that we have referred to it many times in previous calls. So I think that that's – it is a substantial amount of money. And it does tail off pretty fast after the merger occurs. So, yeah. You'll see a cliff improvement after that merger date, which as Kevin indicated, that's at the end of 2016, a little bit later than we had originally signaled. But, no. There's many other expense initiatives underway that cover all dimensions of the company and in particular in holding company and support functions.
Peter D. Hancock: Shared services have also been underway for some time. And as I've talked about in previous calls, you have a sort of mirroring effect as you migrate jobs to shared service centers, where you duplicate the cost base until you've done the migration. And then one thing I want to just emphasize is that while we get these net expense savings, we have not slowed down our project spend. So we actually have a slight increase in project spend this year versus last year. So the gross cuts in expenses are deeper. But we recognize that long-term sustainable expense savings can only come from better use of technology. And that technology can only happen if we spend the money on the projects now. So it's quite a substantial effort going underway in a number of different dimensions.
Peter D. Hancock: Yeah. I think that while there's some element of this wind down that is legacy, the ability to do internal securitizations, which is just to split the senior versus subordinated risk of various asset types, allows us to invest in certain asset classes that are not particularly well treated under statutory capital rules in the insurance companies themselves. So by holding the equity at the holding company we're able to efficiently participate in parts of the capital markets which we'd otherwise incur very substantial capital charges within the regulated entity. So there's an element of that holding company capital that will always be reserved for those sorts of operations so that we can invest with the greatest degree of freedom in the capital markets.
Peter D. Hancock: Well I think that it's a very interesting question. I think that the opening statement that we have very substantial declines in pricing is perhaps a broader generalization than I would use. I think that you've seen it happen in U.S. Property Cat pricing. And I think that one of the biggest tools we have to manage that particular cycle is the willingness to look at our Property book globally and diversify away from the heavy concentration in Gulf wind exposure. So I think that that helps. I think the data and analytics is very helpful in managing and understanding how to better estimate expected outcomes. But the drivers of the unexpected outcomes need to be also divided between things that are driven by external factors or not, the systematic factors. And so one of the I think big trends in the future will be greater use of alternative capital to lay off that risk. So I think that effective use of cheaper alternative capital as a supplement to our own balance sheet can make sure that we dedicate our capital to where we are adding most value. And that's very much an integration of capital markets pricing techniques, plus predictive modeling and changing underwriting and actuarial methods to really be more forward looking. And I think that helps deal with the cyclicality in those factors. So if you have a very strong interest in non-traditional players to take on a systematic risk like Florida wind, we can still serve our clients well, while tapping into that cheap capital. And that's factored into our thinking. So I think that, yes, the best response to cyclicality is to be more nimble in our capital usage, both how we allocate our internal capital and how we take advantage of other people's capital and weave it into our offering to our clients. But at the end of the day that requires a deeper understanding of our risk, segmentation of risk between the parts of the risk that are idiosyncratic versus systematic. And well trained underwriters who are equipped with good tools, which is a sort of logistical issue where we have to invest in technology, training, and so on, so they have the tools to compete in that world. But we're very committed to that future, which we think is going to position us very much to be our clients' most valued insurer.
Peter D. Hancock: That's a great question. We recently had the top 200 leaders of the company get together for a few days to debate that exact point. And I think that the way we used – a framework we used was three horizons. Really acknowledging that the world around us is changing very, very, very rapidly. And therefore we need to have our eyes firmly on the future. So building long-term sustainable value with a 5- to 10-year time horizon. We also need to be deeply grounded in the present to make sure that we continue to deliver on our promises in terms of better operating performance. And then we need to have a credible plan in the middle horizon to bridge from the present to the future. And that we as individual leaders need to balance our time between those three. But also we need to also have individuals that sort of specialize in each of those three horizons, so that we have an adequate attention paid to all three. And what I came away from those few days with the top 200 was a high degree of alignment in how we'll execute that. So I feel that the company is very much aligned around how we need to change and adapt, but keep the right balance between urgent priorities to improve short-term performance without losing sight of our opportunities over the very long term.
Kevin T. Hogan: Yeah. In North America we are investing in the Private Client Group business as I mentioned. And that does include introducing some new administrative platforms. But I think the primary source of increase in our expense ratios really is for the investments that we're making in our growth markets in China and Brazil and also in preparation for the merger in Japan.
Kevin T. Hogan: Okay. All right. I think you're referring to the acquisition ratio, which is relevant to the warranty services program. But this loss ratio was offset by an impact from a profit sharing arrangement.
Kevin T. Hogan: It varies a bit quarter to quarter, depending on the underlying loss ratio performance in the warranty business, which is a little bit volatile. As you go back to 2013 you'll recall there was a spike in the losses there. And that's when we introduced the deductible into the program. So we're continuing to monitor the experience there. I think that the bulk of the earned premium change for the new program will be through in the next two quarters.
John Q. Doyle: Sure, John. As I've talked about before, pricing is just one element of our underwriting improvement. Risk selection, mix of business, and investments and claims are also important levers. And then I mentioned our investment in client risk services. And Peter talked about our vision to be our clients' most valued insurer. We're winning business more today on that value proposition as opposed to in the past. So it's not strictly price. In the second half of the year I would expect Property underwriting – some of our shorter tail results in both Property and Specialty to return to more normal levels. And as I said at the beginning of the year there's some volatility obviously with the short tail lines.
John Q. Doyle: And I guess in addition to that the commercial auto, we – as I mentioned in my comments – we did up our loss fix largely around Commercial Auto in the second quarter. So there's some catchup in the second quarter, as we did it from the beginning of the year. So those are the primary drivers. But as I've said in the past there are going to be some bumps up and down along the way. But we do expect continued improvement in the second half.
John Q. Doyle: Sure, Kai. It was about a $285 million charge to strengthen commercial auto reserves. I was certainly disappointed in the result. The book had performed pretty well through 2010. And it in fact performed very, very well during the height of the recession in 2008 and 2009. We certainly expected a return to more normal loss trends during the economic recovery and began to see that. But over the course of last couple of years saw some data emerging that changed our outlook a bit. We did begin taking some underwriting action more than a year ago and pushed some rate increases through more than a year ago. But both frequency and severity exceeded our expectation. Some of the data we saw a year ago we thought may have been a bit of an anomaly. But as we did our deeper dive and updated things throughout the course of the last four quarters that turned out to not be the case. So we've revised those plans and our pricing targets based on the deeper view we just did in the second quarter. And are taking action in the market right now.
John Q. Doyle: I mean we've had about – close to $200 million of favorable development from 2011 through 2014 accident years.
John Q. Doyle: It's not a material change year over year. I guess, what jumps to mind in asking the question is the precision in which you're thinking about kind of modeled cats during the course of the second half of the year. Right. There could be obviously a very, very meaningful deviation relative to the budgeted results. We had I think about $250 million, $260 million in cat losses in the third quarter last year, less than half of our budgeted AL in the quarter. But, yeah, you're roughly in the right range.
David L. Herzog: Thanks, John. Sure. I guess a couple of ways to think about that. The amount of assets that are there, we give you some insight into that in the financial supplement; I think it's page 11.
David L. Herzog: And it's in the $30 billion range. And we lay all that out. And that's where all the assets in the Corporate and Other column there reside. As you say we've got the assets and the cash positions of the assets that were dedicated to the DIB-GCM. And that again, they haven't materially changed since we last reported them. You've got the mark-to-market. And you do have some terminations still from time to time. So if you think about the earnings there, there was about $500 million of earnings this period. And then if you add to that the earnings on PICC, they're included in that $30-odd billion on page 11, as well as the AerCap shares. That was all in that. So you've got about $800 million worth of earnings on $30-odd billion of assets. So, again, it will move around. It will be variable from period to period. But that's kind of how you ought to think about it, is comparing that balance sheet to those earnings. And again, you can get a sense of things like PICC, which is going to have some variability to it.
David L. Herzog: Well I'll start. Peter, if you want to comment as well. But we do normalize 100% of it. Likewise, we normalize 100% of the discount change. And again, we make our best estimates on the reserves, so we're not signaling either we expect favorable or unfavorable. We're making our best estimates. And you've seen a reserve development on both sides of that. I don't know if...
David L. Herzog: Yeah. Kai, it's David. On the AerCap the foregone earnings that we would've expected on a pre-tax basis were somewhere around $400 million or so for the balance of the year. And dependent on the assumptions on the capital redeployment that will drive or will affect the actual ROE adjustment. But it's somewhere in the 30 basis points to 35 basis points on a full-year basis. So you can – that sort of gives you the parameters.
David L. Herzog: Yeah, sure. And I was going to comment that the $2 billion of capital that we released was part of the consideration and part of the capital that we evaluated in amending our capital plan. So it has been taken into account.
David L. Herzog: Yeah. Jay, hi. It's David. Yeah. We still have about $5 billion or so of capital that is dedicated to or required by that. And so it still again hasn't materially changed since the $2 billion release.
David L. Herzog: Well I think – hang on let me grab the – in the fin stuff you can see we've got a page right there. I think it was about $270-odd million this particular quarter. And we had some modest refinancings that were done in July. So you can factor those in. We bought in about $3 billion of higher coupon debt and reissued 10s [years], 20s [years], and 30s [years] at below that. So the average is now below 5%, the average of our debt. Or the senior debt plus the hybrids is below 5%, just below 5%.
