Brian Duperreault: Hey, Kai, thanks for the congratulations to start with. And thanks for reminding me, I was an actuary in this company once. Look at reserves, you have to be realistic, you got to be conservative, you have to take fax on when they come in that change your opinion about it and you have to have a consistent approach to your process. So what I've seen is a process that I mentioned in my remarks is sound. I think the positions we're taking are reasonable. I think there is conservatism in there, in their approach. But that doesn’t mean that you can have moments both up and down and in old years. But what I've seen in this quarter doesn’t give me pause, doesn’t increase my anxiety that anything. I think it's -- the process has been reasonable and there are some movements, but as I said earlier, I think the current years are put in a reasonable position even though the green I think they're reasonable, didn’t have much activity there that's probably what I'll there. Thank you.
Brian Duperreault: Thanks, Kai. So with the buybacks, it’s a capital management tool, it's not a strategy it's not a growth strategy in particular. And so, if you set yourself as a company that grows and increases its profits overtime in a sustainable way and developing franchise value then you have to take that capital that you're getting every quarter and deploying it. So that means that a buyback process has to be blended in with deploying the capital in some way that gives you a long-term value. So that’s what we do, I mean we got the capital as management in this company. We've been given that responsibility in charge, to do the best with it, to create long-term shareholders value. And as I said, my priority is to take this capital and find ways where we can increase its franchised value of this company. If we can't, obviously, we would return it. But that would be something I would prefer not to do, if I can find something better to use it with. Okay? Good, next question.
Brian Duperreault: Okay, well, let's. Yes, the reserves I can understand your questions around reserves. You know look I'm not the actuary here, so I'm not going to go through the details that the actuaries would do with the finance departments would do. But I am knowledgeable about the business and the process, and so I just spend a lot of time with them understanding how they do it? What they do? What their assumptions are? What the discipline is around the process? How they get their data? And I think what they are doing is sound, and I can’t really comment on what happened before I can only look at what we're doing now, and as I said I think it's reasonable and sound. As far as M&A is concerned, yes, I like accretion. Who does it? I mean I think things should be accretive. It should start with being strategic. I mean we -- we don’t want to double down on things we already do. We want a balance what we’re doing with other things. I'm going to be primarily looking for strategic balance that gives us ways to deploy capital when things we do have issues. Accretion, it’s a wonderful things financially. You would like to see it, improve your profits short-term, but certainly better make it improve the profits long-term. But I also like accretion in terms of people, capabilities, spread. And so that accretion has to be more than just a number, can't just see the profit, better give us a whole lot more capabilities then we have now. Okay next question.
Brian Duperreault: Look, Jay. If I can find something transformational, who wouldn't do that? Playing the odds the more likely scenario our things that are smaller than what might be described as transformational. Yes, I would mind doing both. But if you’re playing the odds, you got a better chance of doing a series of acquisition then large one, we will see what happens.
Brian Duperreault: Thanks Tom. I guess I could give you a very detailed expensive discussion about all the parts that could cause this, but I think in its simplest form if you're going to outperform the market, you need some maneuverability in that. And I think we got to be a very, very large player particularly in the large Commercial space, such that there really wasn’t a lot of room to manure. And therefore, your ability to select goes down, your ability to get prices that you want to goes down. So what I'm seeing them doing is the intelligent thing, which is to cut back to those areas where they select with the same professionalism or that in did price with the same professionalism that naturally produces smaller book of business, but that book of business should be sound. And the other way of process surrounded should be sound going forward. And that drives the need to reapplying what Commercial is, so it's not just a largest of the large risk, but it’s a balance of full gambit of Commercial business particularly in the United States.
Brian Duperreault: I think we have to have a disciplined process around this. You don't save everything to the last quarter. So, they chose these, they chose I think wisely because they were some of the more challenging lines as I said. That doesn’t mean that, there isn't a review of the entire portfolio just mean that there is a debt review in one quarter for certain segment, but you are looking at all because we have to set all the reserves. And so as we look at the rest of the portfolio, there wasn’t anything that would have caused just not concerned to do and earlier in that review put it that way. But we will see what happens in the third quarter, but I think I would take that as some comfort.
Brian Duperreault: I think this is -- it’s a great question. I mean the Life business was going to be the area where we felt we had a strongest change of delivering superior returns and by the way that’s doing pretty well. Then, the answer will be, yes. I think everybody is presenting me with ideas about where we could deploy it and the best story wins.
Brian Duperreault: We'd imply we wouldn't have the fed as a regulator, we regulated again by the states. We're still regulated by the states. So, we would lose the fed as the group supervisor, simple as that.
Brian Duperreault: By the way thanks, it's nice to be back, Brian. Well, in the Commercial -- the Commercial book is, it isn’t just one thing right. So, you heard from Rob that the specialty business has been performing well and the financial or the financial and liabilities are performing well. So, those are areas that we look to expand in growth as the market and let's say our professionalism allows us to do that. In some of the cash business, I just don’t see it, I really don’t see it. And property is a mixed bag, property is a mixed bag because there is something that like in Europe that we should be doing, we will be doing those both to improve the book and business that we can go answer and that in a greater way. So it’s a broad front kind of business and again it's concentrated at the higher end. So the other thing is to get into down, down the risk chain as well and expended in that area.
Brian Duperreault: Look, this is great. Thanks a lot. Okay, so I think I said it already look at the -- let's just do it in probability, right. The chances that we will be buying, at the levels that we've been buying, a very low, let's just put it that way. But that doesn’t mean we won’t necessary use that tool. What Sid said is, it’s a tool and you use the tool opportunistically. So if I see that it is the right thing to do, the opportunity is there for us, I will deploy the tool.
Brian Duperreault: Let me answer that. I said it earlier like expense discipline is the way of life, I mean if you don’t have -- if you are not running your company, it's one of your leverage, if you are not running your company with attention to your expense in this kind of market and this is usually the kind of market we are in. Then you are going to fail eventually. So, yes, expense will continue to be something we will look at all the time, all the time. But I want to emphasize that we will spend money too. And if we have a rising expense ratio with an improving bottom line, I'll be happy guy too. So I'm not -- I want to put it -- it’s a balanced situation where we will continue to reduce our cost, because our cost structure is high. But we are going to invest in areas that one will help us, we'll repeat when gives us a growth are. And if I had to choose between reducing the volume because it's not reducing the profit, but that would cause the expenses to go up, I am going to make that choice all day long. That’s it, everybody else up.
