Liz Werne: Good morning, everyone. Before we get started I’d like to remind you that today’s presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements which are based on management’s current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes and circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events, actual performance or events may differ possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our 2014 Form 10-K under management’s discussion and analysis of financial conditions and results of operations under risk factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims their obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a results of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement, which is available on our website. This morning in the room we have our CEO, Peter Hancock, our CFO, David Herzog, and the two heads of our businesses, John Doyle and Kevin Hogan. With that, I’ll turn it over to you sir.
Liz Werne: I think we have time for one more. We can take one more question and then hopefully reach out to everybody who is in our queue.
Liz Werne: Thank you, everyone. At this time we'd like to end the call and we look forward to catching up with anyone who was not able to get through in the queue this quarter. Thank you.
Peter Hancock: Thanks, Liz. And thank you all for joining us this morning. I’d like to discuss key highlight from the first quarter, the progress we're making towards our financial targets and the quality and strength of our balance sheet. Turning to page 3, book value per share excluding accumulated other comprehensive income and our deferred tax asset was over $60, up 4% for the quarter and 14% from a year ago. We're confident that we will achieve our targeted book value growth of at least 10% this year to improving profitability and active capital management. Our ROE improvement is also on track, even after considering certain noteworthy items in the quarter, which David will discuss. On the expense front we continue to evaluate opportunities to simplify our businesses and provide the greatest value to our customers. Again we made progress in the first quarter and remain committed to our annual targets through 2017 of 10% per share to 110% [ph] book value per share growth, excluding AOCI and DTA and 50 basis points of normalized ROE improvement and 3% to 5% expense reductions through 2017. Our first quarter results demonstrated our commitment to balancing growth profitability and risk. Looking across our businesses, we saw improved underwriting results in commercial insurance. Within our consumer segment, we continue to invest in our Japan integration which will provide a platform for long-term profitability. John and Kevin will provide additional comments on the performance of their respected businesses and how they are been positioned for sustained profitability. Our disciplined use of value based metrics was evident again this quarter, as we actively managed our capital structure. Our year-to-date execution of debt retirement that spreads exceeding those of our debt issuance resulted in about $170 million of incremental economic value for shareholders. We also continue to purchase shares below our estimates of intrinsic value. In the quarter, we utilized a combination of open market purchases and a 10b-5 program to deploy capital according to our objectives. This approach executes the deployment over long periods of time – longer periods of time compared to the previous methods used. Since our fourth quarter earnings call through today, we have repurchased 39.6 million common shares at the cost of $2.2 billion and have $3.8 billion remaining under our existing authorizations, including the new 3.5 billion share repurchase authorization that we announced yesterday. We're inline with $6 billion to $7 billion in capital return that we indicated for the 2015 full year which does not include further derisking activities, including non-core asset sales. Our annual shareholder letter reiterated initiatives we have in place to drive sustainable profitability through science, technology and the application of value based metrics in assessing and managing our businesses. We specifically referred to floating or selling businesses that lack synergy with our core operations. To be clear, we believe that our core insurance businesses largely meet our customer’s needs and our economic return objectives. We will also consider acquisitions that build our capabilities to meet our customers needs, enhance our infrastructure and are not overly capital intensive. Our mission is to empower our clients and to be their most valued insurer through our risk expertise and our financial strength. Turing to slide 4, during the quarter we took further actions to simplify our balance sheet and reduce risk. The continued active wind down of the direct investment book and substantial termination of CDS in global capital markets has eliminated the need to separately report these results. We would expect this change to occur later this year. The actions this quarter, along with the many steps we have taken to exit non-core businesses and streamline our businesses have resulted in improved balance sheet strength, risk profile and sustainability over terms. Our derisking actions provide us with a capital flexibility to execute on our strategy to pursue profitability growth and provide the services and products that best meet our customer’s needs. Finally, we are often asked how we have viewed under the lens of a non-bank SIFI regulation. It’s important to note that as a result of our derisking activities since 2012 our analysis suggest our balance sheet size, leverage and capital in non-insurance activities is comparatively low relative to our non-bank SIFI peers. We work closely with our many regulators and respect the value they bring to all stakeholders. Now, I would like to turn it over to David.
Peter Hancock: So, as far as AerCap is concerned, it’s certainly core. We are looking at the various options in terms of pace and timing of disposition and are very conscious of the value of that stake and we'll make a decision based on if when and – if we get fair value for that divesture. As far as redeployment of the proceeds, it would become part of the broader pool capital that we generate through both non-core asset disposal, derisking of the DIB and DTA monetization and dividends from the opcos. And we have a sort of waterfall hierarchy of how we think of deploying that capital. We certainly want to prioritize organic growth meeting our customer’s needs. We also are well aware of the opportunities to buyback shares if they are trading below what we view as intrinsic value. And I think that as we start to near or exceed intrinsic value we will also want to explore a dividend policies that are a bit more consistent with peers. So I think that we recognize that we're in a sort of transition period as we continue to monetize non-core assets.
Peter Hancock: Well, AIGs regulated buyback 200 regulators, the Fed is simply the designated enterprise wide one as a result of the SIFI designation. To date, they've been extremely constructive coordinators of those regulators and have prioritized derisking exactly along the lines that management would have done already. So we see them as a very highly aligned regulator with our intentions to create a robust balance sheet to serve our clients. The amendment to the Collins Amendment that occurred in the first quarter which allowed the Fed to treat insurance companies differently from banks was a significant positive in our view in terms of the potential risk that future application of the SIFI regulation would be detrimental. So we are still awaiting greater clarity on exactly how SIFI rules will be applied in the future, but so far, as I said they have been extremely constructive. But the discussion of the off ramp certainly means that there is a strategic question to be answered at some point down the road, as to whether in the light of however those rules get applied and formulated, whether the optimal path is to not be a SIFI. And as we think about the criteria for SIFI designation, it’s really important that we recognize it is not simply size of assets. It's a multidimensional set of parameters most of which we looked very good on. So, the other thing to remember is should you get off this off-ramp the 200 other regulators that are also very interested in how we run the company. So it’s not clear to me getting off that an off-ramp changes management’s flexibility in any material way.
Peter Hancock: I think we explained and probably point enough detail in the shareholders letter, that there would be significant tax consequence – negative tax consequences or something like that.
Peter Hancock: I think that you should think about it in the broader context of our private equity and alternative investment portfolio, some of which is held within the statutory balance sheet, some of which is held at the holding company and so that is in the and fin sup and totals about $35 billion. And so the real estate portion of that is about $4.5 billion and we have an expected return on that entire portfolio which we – then normalize above or below when we come up with our ROE calculation. So I wouldn’t think of it as any different then the alternatives.
Peter Hancock: We haven’t done that, and I think that we would – had a substantial seasonality to it and so I would treat it with high degree of caution because it – which quarter the cat hits is obviously is a very sensitive to that. But you obviously get a whole lot more in win season, but as we know, Super Storm Sandy just happened to fall in the fourth quarter. So you've got some – you're going to be careful before you did that. We have not disclosed the full year numbers, short answer.
Peter Hancock: The proxy obviously is backward looking and with the new operating committee I have had a chance to align the entire leadership around the stated public goals that we disclosed in the last conference call. So I think in next year’s proxy you'll see much clear alignment between our publicly stated goals and the way we pay people in the short term. The long-term incentive is unchanged and is linked to shares leveraged up and down based on our total shareholder return relative to a peer group, as well as our ability to maintain our credit default swaps, but within a range of our peers, so that we are never tempted to over lever our balance sheet in the pursuit of short term unsustainable shareholder returns.
Peter Hancock: I think that it really is dependent on market opportunities. We've had a very benign capital markets environment for the last 6, 7 years since the crisis. I think that our clients depend on us to be there through good times and bad. I think acquisition opportunities become more attractive in downturns than they do at the top of the market. And I think that we have some very attractive organic growth opportunities as we rebuild our international life business focused on the largest and fastest growing markets in the UK, Japan and China. And the opportunities for supplemental help in the number markets is attractive, as well EMEA [ph] is obviously a small but meaningful signal of our ambitions there. But we are extremely focused on returning our excess capital to shareholders in the most efficient way possible. So through buybacks when we feel that we're trading below intrinsic and through dividends once we are trading above and a combination of the two, once we're above. So I wouldn’t hazard a guess as to what percentage of your number not mine $50 billion we might do, but that's the general gist of our philosophy.
Peter Hancock: Yes, seasonality’s would suggest that it repeats itself from year-to-year and I'd just say, I'd use the word lumpy. And so you're looking for the trend over time as opposed to any single quarter. We got projects which come in as I said and then we got severance that comes in sometimes. There are various things which will make it lumpy.
Peter Hancock: We are very transparent with the Fed, at every stage. They sit in on our Board meetings, they certainly scrutinize our capital plan. We have the right to amend our capital plan, they are very focused on making sure the governance on how we amend or change our capital plan through time is done appropriately. And I think that in terms of constructive feedback from the Fed they have been very focused on the operational integrity of how we generate our stress test that help to determine our capital adequacy and we've made a lot of progress in tightening that up. So I'd say it’s a very constructive engagement to make sure that we are prudent and measured in a way we return capital.
John Doyle: Jimmy, I didn’t see much different price activity in the first quarter than the fourth. And as I said its – property cat market its quite competitive, right, outside of that on average things are fairly stable. Some companies are in better position to get rate and others, right, so not all, not all are equal. I think for example I reported good financial lines rate increases in the first quarter, I think if you hear from brokers the overall rate activity in that market is not quite so positive and I think we are positioned very favorably in that market and are able to get a bit of different result than the market can. Having said all that, the underwriting improvement, I remain confident as I said 1 to 2 point improvement during the course of this year. Its not all about prices, its about managing mix business, its about further implementing and developing the tools that we rolled out over the course of the last several years, both in underwriting and in claims. And then lastly, and we saw a bit in the first quarter here, our short tail results last year, the attritional losses in property in particular we're a bit elevated and I would expect not in every quarter, but I would expect over the course of the year that will move back to more normal levels.
John Doyle: Sure, Brian. So the real rate pressure in the property markets is really in the cat market, and it’s in the wholesale market herein London, it’s in the United States. The growth that we've have seen in the last couple of years is been around getting into the middle market in property which we were not a player in, in many markets around the world. It was also entering the large limit space as well. We've made very meaningful investment over the course of the last several years in our engineering capabilities. In fact, we've hired over 500 engineers in the last 4 years and are now winning largely non-cat business due to our engineering capability, which I can tell you it’s not the reason why we want property business going back some time. So our analytics and capability helping our clients manage their property related cost of risk over time is the key there. What I would also share with you is that, outside of a couple of major markets, primarily the United States and the United Kingdom, we chose to operate historically and not quite sure why, but chose to operate in a sub scale way. So our risk appetite in many other countries around the world was set by that country and really trying to manage to a result – a P&L result for that country. So we've increased our risk appetite in many smaller countries around the world and beyond that being attractive business for us from a property perspective is also change who we are to our customers in those markets. In many countries outside of the United States the commercial business is really a property led market and as we've improved our capability there our customers see us in a entirely different way and it position us in the future to write the casualty and other specialty lines of business unlike we had in the past.
John Doyle: Sure, yes, low rates and our wrap model, yes, low interest rate. Thank you, Peter. So low rates and the wrap model was what's guiding really all of our strategies. We're pursuing value, not volume. So that said, a fair amount to it. I guess, one other factor not so much this year over prior year, although it’s like a little bit of role, is lower reinsurance cost over the course for the last several years as well. So you're observing really new premium written increases.
John Doyle: We do that obviously by product and geography, there is a pretty meaningful range, we haven’t disclosed it an aggregate number to date, but we obviously look at that when – in our actual rate activity and other underwriting actions that we take when we make loss picks and loss picks adjustments on a quarter-to-quarter basis. So that’s obviously factored in then. The 100 to 200 basis point improvement is the accident year loss ratio, the share compared – as adjusted compared to prior year.
John Doyle: It’s a autos relative to the rest of our portfolio in commercials, relatively short tail lines, so it’s largely related to recent emergence and increase in both frequency and severity, some underlying economics trends that led to it. So it wasn’t detailed on reserve review, but emergence that we observed over the course of last few months and felt like we needed to take action on. So of course, we're taking underwriting actions as well and dealing with pricing, attachment points and the like and adjusting our underwriting approach as we look forward as well. It will take a little bit of time obviously for those actions to earn in that is still factored into the underwriting improvement that I anticipate during the course of this year.
David Herzog: A couple of things Brian, the assets that will be freed up it may – some of it maybe cash, maybe securities. We would look to report those in our financial supplement in the other invested assets. There is a schedule in there, but you'll be able to see where those assets are because we still will get earnings off of those assets. So you'll see the assets there and then it will be in the other line and we'll make sure there is enough transparency around the earnings results, so that you're able to see what the assets are, what the yields are. So that will be about $2 billion, it will come out in the very near term. The other aspect of assets in the direct investment both global capital markets are the residual interest in the Maiden Lane III investment and I know the team is working hard to likewise free that up and now there were lot of capital requirements associated with that, but nonetheless it does give us more flexibility by having that asset outside of the direct investment book. And then that asset would monetize in the normal course over the next several years, if we chose to try to do something on a accelerated basis that will be a discussion for another day.
David Herzog: Yes, that was about $7 billion at the end of the year and when we filed our 10-Q in the next day or so you can expect to see about the same amount and its – and then again, you'll see an update to that in the second quarter.
David Herzog: Well, yes, it is unencumbered, but it would be then – we'll look at it like we do other available or deployable capital in the context of the facts and circumstances at the time.
David Herzog: Well, you can see that in the financial supplement, I think it was about – I want to say 275 or so this particular quarter, I think that’s right. So yes, it was about 275 million in this quarter, in the second quarter, look again on page 13 of the financial supplement you'll be able to see that. And I – again I, that maybe down slightly given the timing of what we did, again, you'll see the changes to that going forward. But again, we'll be opportunistic about how we deploy the capital and the remaining access or even future access to the capital markets. The debt capital markets have been – has been open and we've taken the advantage of like what we believe to be cost effective capital.
David Herzog: No, Tom it will be done in the second quarter, so it’s not currently out. So as I said when we file the 10-Q you'll see the – in the disclosure about the direct investment book, global capital markets when you look at the net asset value that will be reported at that point in time, it is still in there. And as I said in the second quarter i.e. now we will move upwards of $2 billion out and then as get to work on the – on an additional extraction which would be principally the Maiden Lane III notes.
David Herzog: It would be incremental to that, the dividends and distribution and our – the dividends and distributions that I commented on were not subject to monetization on non-core assets and the 2015 capital plan that we – that management prepared and reviewed with our board and other various stakeholders was not contingent upon the monetization of non-core assets.
David Herzog: I am not going to comment on that Tom, it is – would be encumbered but I don’t want to comment on what we may or may not do.
David Herzog: Well, we – first of all on the normalization and our definition of operating income, we gave the disclosure around the normalizations in the sprit of transparency. So we're not redefining our principal non-GAAP measure of operating income. The real estate is a – it maybe legacy or it maybe long standing, but it is not non-core, I mean, those are investments that we make in the normal course and we consider them part of the operating income. Now, they are going to be lumpy, they are going to be – they are going to vary from periods to period and so they would, again, we don’t expect the same kind or same level of mark or the same level of monetization. And so some portion of that you can view it how you – however you like to view it, we view in total over a long period of time, that’s part of the return on those invested assets.
David Herzog: As I've said, and this is David, as I've said in the past we would expect on that pool of assets, or pool of the net assets somewhere between an 8% to 10% pretax return on the NAV, overall is a reasonable proxy, its not that simplifying any structure, the imagination. But it’s a – it gives you signal of what our expectation is. And so that will give you a sense of it.
David Herzog: There is generally a seasonality to it, and lot of its related to project spend or compensation accruals, et cetera. Peter, you want to jump to that so…
