David L. Herzog: Thank you, Jay. And turning to slide 15, we consider United Guaranty part of our core insurance business and it continues to be an industry leader in the mortgage insurance market. The company led new business written in the industry, and in the fourth quarter we wrote over $7 billion of new insurance. United Guaranty's fourth quarter included a $42 million favorable reserve development. I'd like to highlight another sequential decline in delinquencies and the delinquency rate of just under 14% at 13.8%. Reserves remain steady with the reserve for delinquency of 27,000. I think more importantly I would note that we helped over 40,000 families stay in their home. And finally, we've also provided some additional disclosure on non-core assets in the appendix. I’d like to highlight that as a result of the recent sales of Maiden Lane II securities in February that the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, senior loan will be repaid in March and as a result AIG will begin receiving payments on our Maiden Lane II interest this year. Any proceeds in excess of our principal and interest will be allocated 56 to the Federal Reserve and 16 to AIG. All proceeds from Maiden Lane II for AIG will be used to repay any remaining balance in the AIA, SPV preferred interest. With respect to ML III payments continue to come in as expected and amounted to just over a $1 billion in the fourth quarter. At this time, I'd like to turn it over to the operator for questions.
David L. Herzog: Rob, I'd just add a little bit, just on the direct marketing, the pace of growth there. Our current course and speed would add about 0.8 to the combined ratio, but I would love to deliver you the news that the expense ratio impact would be twice that because we have the bandwidth to grow faster than that because the prospective ROE on that business is very, very attractive, well above our cost of capital. And so I think that we can demonstrate that through greater disclosures going forward if and when we accelerate the pace of our DM spend. But our current course and speed would be just under a point on the combine from the DM. But I think that our way of thinking about that business is economics, not accounting.
David L. Herzog: The combined ratio of that business is in the high 80s, depending on the country. So it's very attractive business. The issue is bandwidth and how much of it you can do how fast? And so, we are expanding in 50 countries, prioritizing about a dozen, and we have extensive experience in terms of persistency, cross-sell, and up-sell ratios from our experience in Japan, Korea and Israel over the last dozen years. So we have a good framework that applies in many countries. But I think that we can give you more disclosure on that going forward as we fine-tune the pace. But, right now our current pace of growth in that business would add about 0.8 to the expense ratio under the new EITF 09-G.
David L. Herzog: Okay, Josh, its David, I’ll take the last question first on the DTA ahead of think about. As Bob mentioned, as we think about between now and 2015 we'll use about two-thirds of the total NOLs or the FTCs in combination. In those cash flows will actually come to the parent company by way of tax sharing arrangements or treaties that have been in placed for a very long period of time. So those cash flows will ultimately flow to the holding company will be a part of the parent company cash flow. As you think about the cash that will come, it's the dividends, the after-tax dividends from the operating companies, which we've talked a lot about, the tax sharing payments that will come through the tax sharing treaties. And as Brian mentioned the monetization of the non-core assets and we've laid some things out in the appendix pages 17 to 19 and [that] you can give a pretty good sense of what those cash flows might ultimately be. And it's the combination of all of the above, it gives us the confidence and why we’re committed to our long-term aspirational goals. It gives us the funding that we need. And also the capital resources to fund the business growth as Peter and Jay have talked about. So that’s maybe the last part of your comments. I think and others can certainly time in with respect to the capital hurdles. There really aren’t any new constraints that we are coming across. I think we've laid those out fairly clearly. Bob talked about the capital requirements with respect to perhaps fed oversight, but again there are other things with respect to the rating agencies, all ratings are very important we place a very high degree of importance on that that's an important consideration. So it’s the coverage ratios and the leverage ratios are not any different for us than they are for any other similarly rated company. So for a single A company, I think the coverage ratio is in the five to eight times range. Or again, they are no different for us than they are for others. And leverage ratio, again I think this ties back to comments Bob made. Leverage ratios, we've got plenty of headroom. Again, when we did the recap we called over (inaudible) for capital and that's not a constraint, although it’s a consideration and we’re mindful of that over time. So hopefully that's helpful to you.
Robert H. Benmosche: Hey Josh, it’s Rob Benmosche. Let me start with your question on excess casualty. You might want to rewind back to the fourth quarter of 2010. It was actually in the fourth quarter of 2010 that we shortened the period that we were looking at excess casualty trend. It actually resulted in us increasing our reserves in 2010. And that was us giving more reliance on the development that we had experienced in the more recent years, as it relates to business that have been written previously. And so, really we’re simply saying we stayed consistent with that time period that we shortened down in 2010. But it's just so happened at the more recent years are showing better results than they did just a year ago. The next point regarding environmental, I think, I want to highlight a couple of things. There’s two pieces of disclosure in the 10-K that I think people should be making sure they focus on. The first is, the difference between the inputs as best as an environmental and then the environmental line of business that we write. So with respect to that you might want to take a look at pages 93 and 102 of the 10-K, although I'm positive, I know that you have in particular, but I think some other people might benefit by taking a look at that disclosure. What I would note is that with respect to the disclosure we provide on page 93, we provide a discussion of the fact that we write environmental business through a profit centre referred to as the environmental profit centre that sits inside of our commercial business. You'd note that through the first nine months of the year we experienced some level of adverse development in the environmental book of business. Following that adverse development, we spent a lot of our fourth quarter conducting a ground-up study of the claims in environmental, and our fourth quarter adverse development is the result of a very focused effort to try to make sure that we were really getting at a claim-by-claim evaluation of that exposure. Historically, we’ve used more traditional actuarial methods. I think that this is an improvement on what we have been doing historically, because in the end the best way to get to this exposure is really on a case-by-case claims review in connection with the work that's being done by the actuaries. I also want to observe for you that this tends to be from accident years 2003 and prior and that most of that business was business written by this environmental profit center. It was written on a multiyear basis, and so we’re at this point in time dealing with those multiyear policies that were written 2003 and prior.Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: And then the policy years '08 and '09 which evolved into accident years '09 and '10, a lot of your most sober critics say that they’re worried about the reserves there, and there was a little bit of reserve development on the unfavorable side for those years. Can we just go through those and then I'll disappear into the queue I guess.
Robert H. Benmosche: Yes, no problem Josh. I would say that consistent with what you're seeing from other participants in the marketplace, it's been more or so related to the workers compensation line of business. So it's not something broad-based across all of the businesses that we wrote in 2008, 2009, 2010, but in particular with respect to workers compensation, we’ve done we think a very good job of pushing rates in workers compensation and in managing our exposure on workers compensation. That book of business has continued to shrink and if it plays where we have conducted a lot of work regarding the structural drivers of loss to get our hands around what's actually causing the losses in the first place as well as using predictive modeling to help us do a better job with respect to risk section and we think we'll continue to get better with respect to all aspects of that as we move forward.Joshua Shanker – Deutsche Bank Securities: Well, thank you. The details much appreciated.
Robert H. Benmosche: Let me start by making a couple of observations. First, as you know our international commercial business has a much heavier 1/1 renewal date. So, if you actually go back and look at the premium trend one thing you will observe is that the earned premium and the written premium relationship changes throughout the year. So, for example in the first quarter of the year our written premium outpaced earned premium for commercial international by $700 million. But, by the fourth quarter earned premium outpaced written premium. So, the exact opposite by $400 million, that actually causes a pretty significant change, a swing in our expense ratio and you'll notice that it's almost a 10 point swing in the expense ratio from the first quarter to the fourth quarter. That’s not unusual for us, that actually if you go back and take a look over time you’ll see that, that same type of relationship existed in the prior year. So, that's one point to make. The second thing I’ll make observation regarding expenses is, international commercial is really the heartbeat of where a lot of our efforts are going with respect to some improvements that we're making with respect to our infrastructure. So we are in the process of a very large SAP implementation, probably the largest and most complex SAP implementation for a financial services company in the history of the world occurring in Europe as we speak. In addition to that we have Solvency II and a significant legal entity restructuring. So there’s truly some additional expense there as well as typical seasonality. The last point that I'd make regarding the loss side of the house for International Commercial is that it's largely on the casualty side of the house, and we are continuing to use the same kinds of efforts with respect to International Commercial Casualty as we do with respect to the U.S. Commercial Casualty, which is focused really on predictive modeling, evaluating the structural drivers of losses and pushing for improvement in rate so that we can get the appropriate risk-adjusted profitability. So I think it's really the combination of those three items, focusing in particular on the expense ratio in the quarter.
Robert H. Benmosche: I'll reiterate the overall observation that Peter made, which is that we certainly believe we continue to be on pace for our 2015 goals. That will result in different, sort of dimensions to the solution. But first with respect to expenses, you can expect our expense ratio to improve more in 2013, 2014 as we complete some of our efforts with respect to the investments that I described for you just a moment ago in the international commercial business. And with respect to losses, I think you should continue to expect that we'll be making ongoing progress. And we're really focused heavily on using the tools and the technical pricing expertise that we are focused on heavily these days to make sure that they are a continual area of progress. I think what I would look at if I were you is I'd look at, are they making continual progress on the underlying loss ratio, understanding that we think we have very strong plans and a very determined view that we will achieve our expense goals by 2015.
Robert H. Benmosche: I'd like to add that one of the things that I've said before and I want to repeat now is that we have not invested enough in technology to really do the predictive data mining and so on that we need to do. And so, we are going to continue to see that number flow through the expense ratio, and our issue here is to really position us well for the future. For example, we have 27 million claim records in our workers comp area that we never extensively studied. We are now working with Johns Hopkins University to really understand those claims, what they say, what they mean and how we use that as a standard for processing claims and understanding claims going forward. So we're investing heavily around this, so that you will continue to see the pattern of expenses from now and before continuing. But we did say, we would get to a $1 billion, say by the time we get to 2015 and we're on track to do that. But expenses are not a driver. What Peter talked about is having the right growth and the right risk-adjusted profitability of that growth, and being able to explain to you, if the numbers because if the accounting come out a little different than before, we'll make sure you’re used to what that is. But this is about growing smartly and still leveraging technologies as we do it, which as Rob said is going to cost us some money and that's not our driver.
Robert H. Benmosche: Jay, it's Rob. On the international commercial, what I want to give you a flavor of is timing with respect to those expense initiatives. So we're doing a very significant legal entity restructuring in preparation for Solvency II. We expect the vast majority of that will be completed at the end of 2012, certainly by the beginning of 2013. We are in the process separately, we are in the process of implementing SAP as I described. We have a very significant roll-out of SAP occurring in the month of March. But we'll continue to roll that out across the rest of continental Europe through 2012 and all the way through 2013. So the timing for the backbone infrastructure work that we're doing will take us all the way through at least the end of 2013 before we start to see improvements in that area of the world.
Robert H. Benmosche: I just want to say that this is another quarter and we got more to go and I think what you see here is, the foundation is extremely strong. The company is extremely strong. Our clients have been with us all the way through it and are very confident in us. And so look forward to talking to you at the end of the first quarter. Thank you all very much.
Unidentified Company Representative: There is a combination of what's available now, so something happens in the next two weeks is one availability. The other is, dealing with the sale of assets, recognizing we have the SPV here. It has to be paid down as a priority, so we are looking at that priority. So I would say that until such time as we clear up the balance remaining on the ALICO AIA SPV, there isn't a whole lot of cash based upon what we can do from sales and so on until that's done. So we're working through that constraint. Brian and his team have given a lot of thought to that. That's why we said we were looking forward to the IPO of ILFC, but the markets really are not welcoming right at this time, so we’re still seeing that as a delay till things improve in the airline industry as well as in the market. So I would say it's kind of limited in terms of what we really have in the short-term.
Unidentified Company Representative: As we explained where we were on the road for the equity offering last year, it was that the bulk of the initial capital management activities would be funded by the monetization of core assets and then the remaining portion through dividends from the operating companies. And again, we set an expectation that capital management wouldn't really start in earnest until 2013. I mean you're seeing evidence now that we are a bit ahead of plan. But again, it's the value of those non-core assets when they get monetized will provide the bulk of the resources for capital management.
Unidentified Company Representative: What ends up happening is, as you know we can’t get the benefits until we actually put the technology in place. So we're doing both a complete change in our target operating model structure in Europe, taking our geographies in which we're doing a lot of our efforts down from 20 different places down to a handful of different places and that will create significant benefits, but we’re not going to get that until we actually can roll the technology out in 2013. So you’re right, generally speaking you’ll start to see that and we hope it's, we plan for it to be pretty significant in 2014, 2015.
Unidentified Company Representative: I think maybe just to cover again, I would say we are and remain committed to our long term aspirational goals as we laid out for the world on our recent offering last year. So again, I think the pacing that will be driven by, again the framework that I laid out, but as well as monetizaion, importantly monetization of non-core assets and how that plays into considerations of our fed readiness and where and when we become, if we become regulated by the Federal Reserve.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yeah, it's a good question. We announced why we put it in the financial supplement, both with and without. So we've done the math for you. Without, for the quarter we were 7.2, with, 6.9 I believe is the number that's in the financial supplement.
