Elizabeth A. Werner: Thank you, Jennifer, and before we get started this morning, I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain certain forward-looking statements which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause include the factors described in our first quarter Form 10-Q and our 2015 Form 10-K under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. A reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement and is available on our website, www.aig.com. Nothing in today's presentation or in any oral statements made in connection with this presentation is intended to constitute nor shall it be deemed to constitute any offer of any securities for sale or the solicitation of an offer to purchase any securities in any jurisdiction. This morning, I am joined by the members of our senior management team including our CEO, Peter Hancock; our CFO, Sid Sankaran; Head of Commercial, Rob Schimek; Head of Consumer, Kevin Hogan; and our Chief Investment Officer, Doug Dachille. And so, we will all be available during Q&A. And at this time, I'd like to lead off the prepared remarks with Peter.
Elizabeth A. Werner: Thank you. Operator, before you open the line, I just want to remind everybody that similar to the past quarters, we'll take one question and one follow-up. And then we'd ask that you please get back in queue so that we can answer as many questions as possible. With that, I will begin the Q&A.
Elizabeth A. Werner: Operator, I'm afraid that we're going to have to follow up with whoever's left in the queue because we're over our allotted hour. And so, if it's possible – please reach out to me directly and we'll see if we can catch up with everybody and make sure we get to everyone's questions this morning. And thank you, all, for dialing in.
Peter D. Hancock: Thank you, Liz, and good morning, everyone. I'm happy to report the tangible progress we're making as we deliver on our strategic plan. Across AIG, we're working hard to execute on a transformation that will lead to improved profitability and will best serve all our stakeholders. As we've been repositioning the company, the support of our brokers, clients and employees has been greatly appreciated and is essential to our success. In the first quarter, we reported $0.65 of operating earnings per share, including market-related losses of $0.48 largely due to hedge funds. Our market-sensitive assets continue to decline, and Sid will speak to our progress to further reduce these asset exposures. We're off to a solid start to the year and in the quarter, we reduced expenses by 5% and returned $4 billion of capital to shareholders. As you can see on slide three and later in the presentation, our organizational improvements are proceeding on plan, and we're on target to reach our $1.6 billion in gross expense reduction by 2017. The steady pace of capital return continued throughout the quarter. Our strong capital and leverage ratios, attractive free cash flows, and risk management discipline allow us to execute on our plan to return $25 billion of capital to shareholders through 2017. We have also provided details on the key drivers of our normalized ROE improvement including unusual items. It's important to note that normalized ROE may fluctuate from quarter to quarter due to discrete tax items, as was the case this quarter. Additionally, the seasonality of anticipated catastrophe losses may result in quarterly ROE volatility. These fluctuations should not meaningfully impact full-year ROE, and we expect our full-year normalized ROE to be within our 8.4% to 8.9% targeted range. While we've seen market volatility impact our investments this quarter, the broader macro environment has not altered our focus or the direction of our strategic plans, as was evident in our continued pace of capital return. Today, Rob will speak to the successful execution of our Commercial strategy in a competitive property casualty market. Kevin will elaborate on the value of the diversity of our Consumer business, and in particular, the strong earnings growth in Personal Insurance. The accomplishments that I'm seeing across the organization are what make me most excited about our future. In my meetings with clients, I've found that we are viewed as trusted partners who provide solutions to their most complex risk management needs. We were recently recognized at the Annual RIMS Conference as the industry's number one carrier in National Underwriter's Risk Management Choice Awards, a recognition of our industry leadership by our clients. We also improved our competitive position within the group retirement market given our investments in technology, which resulted in greater retention and positive net flows for the first time in two years. Internally, our organizational realignment has eliminated 95% of matrix reporting which is energizing employees and resulting in faster decision-making. Finally, I'd like to mention the news last week of our planned joint venture with Hamilton Re and Two Sigma is consistent with our ability to take advantage of AIG's scale for new initiatives. The joint venture reinforces AIG's commitment to data science and target the small- to medium-sized enterprise market by combining AIG's expertise in data with Two Sigma's technology platform. Before Sid addresses the financials, I'd like to add that we are actively managing our operating and legacy portfolios that we presented on our strategy update call. Our success in managing these two portfolios is measured by the ROE improvement of the operating portfolio and a reduction in capital retained in our legacy portfolio. Under Charlie Shamieh's leadership, the team has focused on execution and off to a brisk start. We look forward to updating you on his progress in future quarters. We're confident that we're building on the first quarter's accomplishments and moving towards our strategic objectives. With that, I'd like to turn the call over to Sid.
Peter D. Hancock: I think that as we've indicated, the $25 billion goal is achievable with all of the actions that we've laid out. So, I would say that there is contingency against adverse market environment baked into our plan. So, I do not think that being a SIFI in any way inhibits that $25 billion goal. It's not a binding constraint at all. But I think that the MetLife decision certainly raises the opportunity, should it be favorable, to consider that down the road. But I repeat that our current designation as a non-bank SIFI does not constrain our objectives as laid out in our strategic update. So, we are watching very carefully the appeal process and we point to the efforts that we've made as a company to delever the company, to derisk the company since the crisis. So, I think that any designation by FSOC around non-bank SIFI status should look at the metrics relative to others to show what we've done to delever the company. And so, I think that we have great confidence that our plan to improve operating margins, to return capital to shareholders will deliver expansion in ROE in our operating portfolio, and the thoughtful divestiture of the legacy assets in an orderly way will realize the optimal balance between book value growth and ROE expansion.
Peter D. Hancock: Well, I think the important thing to remember is that our strategy is to reduce our reliance on those alternative earnings over the course of the next 18 months. And so, as you look at the exit run rate of ROE of the operating portfolio at the end of 2017, you don't need to factor in any over-reliance on alternative assets as a source of net investment income.
Peter D. Hancock: And I think that this is a continuation of a rebalancing of our Property portfolio that was – been going on for five years – which is to de-emphasize the overconcentration in Gulf cat-exposed Property and take advantage of the diversity of our geographic global reach as well as the investments we've made in highly engineered Property and middle market, where it's really avoided the concentrated risk that is prevalent in the shared and layered market that was in the Property book five years ago. So, I think this is a continued diversification of the Property book just to reduce the PML and AAL in a steady way. And obviously, the soft reinsurance market helps even more to iron out any concentrations.
Robert S. Schimek: Okay. Sure, Jay. I'll say that overall, I'm quite pleased with where we were in the first quarter. I would say that our progress with respect to reinsurance was better than we had anticipated. Our progress with respect to the longer tail lines, Casualty in particular, was better than we had expected. But our progress with respect to shorter tail lines – Property was the area that I think that we didn't live up to my expectations. And in particular, that was with respect to attritional losses in the U.S. I'm very confident that the team has some good strategies and a great plan for what we'll do to address that in 2016, but overall, I'm quite pleased with the progress.
Robert S. Schimek: I want to make sure I – that I say this for you as clearly as possible. First of all, I don't want to comment about Swiss Re specifically. Let's just talk about reinsurance transactions overall. So, what I said in my prepared remarks is that we have – we expect to see $1.5 billion of additional premiums related to quota share in 2016 compared to the 2015 levels. So, we already were using quota share in 2015. The increase from all reinsurance transactions, Swiss Re and other during 2016, we expect to increase the amount that we see by $1.5 billion. So, as we write business throughout the course of 2016, a piece of the business that we write in 2016 will attach to this quota share reinsurance agreement. And you should think of it as that premium volume, on a net-written-premium basis, will decline but it won't affect earned premium until those premiums earn in over the course of the next year after the date they've been written. So for example, premiums written on December 31 of 2016 will be covered by a reinsurance agreement that was covering the year 2016 on a quota share basis. But those premiums won't be fully earned until December 31 of 2017, so you'll feel the full effect of that in our income statement across the – really, across the – a year after the premiums have been written. I hope that's helpful.
Robert S. Schimek: Yes, they are minimal. They're minimal because we've not earned much of that premium in the first quarter.
Robert S. Schimek: Yes. Well, first thing I'll do is I'll acknowledge and reaffirm that that is the most competitive line. You'll notice when I commented about rates, I said that Property rates in the U.S. were down in the first quarter, and that's actually been a continuing theme over the course of the last two years at least. Our growth in Property has been focused on the highly engineered space. As we mentioned previously, we've increased the number of engineers on our team today to be approximately 700 engineers worldwide. Most of those engineers support our Property business but not solely our Property business. And actually, today, we have more engineers than underwriters in the U.S. property market. So, when we're growing in Property, what we're doing is transforming our book from being one where we were a capital provider amongst many to instead being a risk management partner with our clients where we're using our engineering capability to reduce the likelihood of a loss in the first place. And so, our growth in that area is in the large limit Property space and in the middle market Property space where engineering is the backbone of the business that we're writing. We're shrinking in the traditional excess and surplus lines shared and layered Property business.
Robert S. Schimek: I'll just add that we also use reinsurance as a tool in the Property space and we'll continue to look in opportunities for reinsurance in the Property space, to manage severe losses as well as, of course, to manage our natural catastrophe exposures.
Robert S. Schimek: Yes. That is really completely from the increasing use of reinsurance. I think, just say that the reinsurance market has been more robust than we had initially anticipated. And as you know, we're viewing our reinsurers as partners. We have excellent relationships and opportunities to succeed together. But ultimately, the business that we're ceding to those reinsurers is improving our mix of business and ultimately not passing business that is poor business from AIG to our reinsurers. But instead, the reinsurers, I think, find the business that we're ceding attractive for a number of reasons including the fact that many – in many cases – they're holding less capital against the business than we are. And many of our reinsurers also have a lower targeted return level than AIG has. And then, of course, I think that the reinsurers really believe in the underwriting actions that we've taken. So, those are the things that I think have created the increase in use of reinsurance and that's the primary driver of the increase.
Robert S. Schimek: So, one thing I think I would say to you, Josh, is we will likely show you a version of slide 14 at the end of the year that's recalibrated to what did 2016 look like, right? We'll show you the best 15%, the worst 15%, and then the middle part of the portfolio. I clearly believe that what you should expect is that for the business that we hold on our books in 2015 that we've been working on remediating, you should continue to see Product Set 3 significantly reduce in size. And as we've said we would, we've taking clear action to exit specific underperforming products and client relationships, but remember, we can only do that as those policies come up for renewal with proper notification in accordance with the state laws and regulations. We've also given our underwriters better tools to help them make good judgments in their underwriting decisions. And I think all of those things should continue to show that Product Set 3 will decline in size and the loss ratio will improve. Product Set 2, the middle part. I think you'll continue to see growth in the maintained side of Product Set 2. And you'll see us continue to improve both the loss ratio and reduce the size of the improved size of Product Set 2. But we do expect to grow in Product Set 1. I think that reinsurance is really serving to help us in Product Set 2 more than anything. And that's the place – what you should understand is, really, our actions to exit and our actions to remediate that are driving down the volume of Product Set 3. And you should also expect that we'll continue to disproportionately put our resources toward the growth in Product Set 1. But I think we'll continue to try to find ways to help you to have better transparency into the performance of the portfolio using a slide like slide 14 going forward.
Robert S. Schimek: You were correct on pretty much everything you said. The reinsurance is focused much more around North America. The remediation efforts are focused much more around North America, and to be specific, focus much more around the United States. We continue to see great opportunities for growth. And we see that the profitability in Canada, in North America feels good. I will say with respect to international, really, our bigger challenge in international is around expenses. The loss ratios in our international business I feel good about. We need to continue to make sure that we can deliver those loss ratios with an efficient structure that will keep our expense ratios at a manageable level.
Robert S. Schimek: Yeah, we really expect – first of all, severe losses overall were pretty much in line with our expectations. We do expect that severe losses will be lumpy quarter-to-quarter and we do think that they'll be lumpy from geography to geography. With that said, we continue to be keenly focused on severe losses in the international portfolio to make sure that we're managing that effectively. But quite frankly, I think – we think about it on an overall basis and we were satisfied with severe losses during the quarter.
Robert S. Schimek: That's correct. By the end of 2017, John, it'll have about a 2-points improvement in the adjusted accident year loss ratio. And remember, the reason that's the case is because the business that we write late this year won't be fully earned until late next year.
Robert S. Schimek: Yes. We continue to be very pleased with the performance of our Financial lines book of business. Continue – really, was quite happy with what we did in the Casualty space. That team has been working very hard over a long period of time. I'm quite proud of what our results are that we've achieved there. And so, I think that the combination of tools that we've developed, the discipline of the underwriters and the use of reinsurance all bode very well for what the outcome will be for us, for the longer-tail Casualty business. We're really focused, at this point in time, on improving the attritional losses in the Property book.
Robert S. Schimek: Yeah. So, I guess the way I want you to think about Product Set 1 is just remember that as you would likely expect, we're using internal tools and metrics to inform the underwriting actions in each of these product sets. And while in general we want to grow Product Set 1, we're guided by our return on equity and our RAP [risk-adjusted profitability] spread for each of these products in any given product set. So, during the first quarter, we did grow well in businesses such as cyber and M&A that are parts of Product Set 1, but we were disciplined in the highly competitive international Property market where we were guided by our ROE and our RAP metrics.
Robert S. Schimek: Of the redemption proceeds, so, well in excess of half of that $1.2 billion was received from redemptions that took place in April.
Robert S. Schimek: Well, I guess I would say that our overall cat load I expect to come down. Obviously, as the mix of business changes, it'll just be proportionate to the total book of business. But I want to emphasize that we're actually bringing our cat load down for the entire portfolio. At the same, remember that some of our lines, for example, Financial lines and Specialty are continuing to demonstrate growth, so you should expect to see growth in Financial lines, growth in Specialty, and you'll continue to see us decline the total amount of cat load across the portfolio.
Robert S. Schimek: Yeah. I'm really pleased with the progress we're making on the expense ratio. We participate as a part of the broader AIG expense initiative, which really has been underway for quite some time. And so, as you can see here, even in the first quarter, what's happening is the expense reductions that began previously are actually happening in front of the reduction of premiums that we're experiencing on a net earned basis. And so, it is our intention to continue to maintain a flat expense ratio as we continue to manage the overall book in the Commercial space.
Robert S. Schimek: That's right. I think what happens is – I think expenses will decline, to be clear. I think that the expense ratio will be relatively flat. And again, just to be clear, when we are doing reinsurance on a quota share basis, we're receiving a ceding commission that is covering our fully-allocated costs on both a deal by deal, as well as on an overall basis across all of these quota share reinsurance agreements. So, as the premium volume comes down, we're also reducing the expenses proportionately.
Robert S. Schimek: Well, I guess I want to caution you against, is I think we're – we just state that I think that we're on target – and I don't want there to be any expectation beyond that at this point. What I think is important to understand on page 14, and I said this in my prepared remarks, the premium that we're showing for 2016 is on a net-premiums-written basis. But the accident year loss ratios that you're seeing are on an earned basis. And so, the earned accident year loss ratio, for example, that you're seeing in Product Set 3 of 86%, includes any of the premium that was earned in the first quarter for that Product Set regardless of when it was written. And so, I just would caution, it's very difficult for you to make any – particularly assumptions – that were anything other than on target at this point in time.
Robert S. Schimek: No, it's really all international Property. And the international Property book actually, last year, had particularly low loss ratios. And so, I am not so sure that – the combination, I think, of increased rate, rate pressure for Property on a global basis – but also, just that we performed particularly well in 2015 in the international Property space. So, I'm not concerned about the increase in the loss ratio that you're seeing there for Product Set 1. With that said, we focus on both the size of Product Set 1 and maintaining a strong performance from an underwriting perspective, in that, as well as all the other Product Set.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Yeah, I point you to the 10-Q. The main item that I'd probably call out is we're favorable in both Commercial and Consumer. Commercial, mostly driven by Specialty and in North America there was a slight negative but that negative was related to reinsurance adjustments in Property, so it's not related to any long tail lines.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Well, I think the main thing you need to look at is with respect to what we put in notice for redemption, that typically the capital charge for those assets is roughly 50% or even slightly north of that. So, take the $4 billion and apply the capital charge and that gives you a sense of what you think the capital impact should be.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Yeah. I think that I would point you to – we don't give that disclosure on the DIB and GCM anymore – but the large bulk, as we've said, of the equity in DIB and GCM is in the ABS Holdings. And that number typically, although it changes in terms of mark-to-market, is in the range of $2.5 billion to $3 billion.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Look, Jay, we don't really comment on our timing of capital return. I would just point you to, obviously, in the first quarter, we had very strong share repurchase. But in addition, two items of note, we did also generate incremental net present value via our debt tender and that obviously impacted our use of capital, as well as the warrants. So, we expect that we're not likely to follow any form of metronome in terms of the timing of share repurchase. It'll vary based on what we see as relative value quarter to quarter as we return capital and hit our $25 billion target.
Siddhartha Sankaran: It's a little too early to tell right now, Jay. I mean, obviously, we'll have a better sense as the different indices provide their results to us shortly.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Yeah. I think – we don't disclose that, but I think you're really likely to see, based on the shift in mix in Rob's business, that the other liability line in the Property Casualty companies which have, obviously, the highest RBC charge, that shift in business is going to drive that component of our RBC charge down.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Yeah, I mean, I would just make two quick points. The lag impact obviously is a short lag, so we wouldn't anticipate a very material impact, and it's on a portion that's obviously on the equity method. The second point is we gave you our estimate of about $1.2 billion of proceeds. So, you can think of that as a reduction in our overall hedge fund exposure and assume that that's reinvested as we told you before in high grade – high investment grade bonds – and some real estate.
