Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Meyer, thanks for the question. Sabra, do you want to cover? That's just a quick overview of -- Meyer mentioned the International and some of the inflation impact from reserves. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Great. Thank you. As we've talked about before, it's a business in transition. We're not pleased with the overall printed results. But we had outlined in the past that it's complicated. 2023 would be a transition year, particularly with PCS, which we see a lot of net premium written coming in each quarter. The earned will follow, and so we should have some significant benefit on the ratios as we fully earn in the premium over the coming quarters.  When we look at fourth quarter 2023 and into 2024, we will see the mix of business change. And so therefore, the overall GOE and acquisition expenses should come down. We would see the accident year loss ratio, ex CAT, slightly go up just because of the mix of what PCS is underwriting.  We did have some onetime items that I won't go into in the quarter that were headwinds in the Travel and Warranty business. But those businesses are going to have to contribute more as we get into 2024, and we're looking at the entire business model in order to improve their financial results.  So we recognize the overall segment needs to improve. We believe we have the sort of business strategic alternatives in place, and we're going to be executing them. And again, it's just a choppy year as we make that transition. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes, thanks very much for the question. I mean we tried to provide between Sabra's script and in my prepared remarks a lot of detail on capital management and also the additional liquidity where we're going to have from the special dividend from the Validus Re disposition and overall how we intend to use those proceeds. And it remains the same is we want to make sure that we provide ample capital in our subsidiaries to continue to drive growth. We still think there's great opportunities for us in the businesses that we're in to drive top line growth and continue to drive profit growth and more margin, and that is our primary focus.  We've also given guidance in terms of the share count. And clearly, with the 7.5 billion of share authorization and now with the liquidity that we've outlined, we have a path towards that lower end of the 600 million. And so when we think about the next several quarters, certainly that's going to be the priority.  Sabra and I alluded to the fact that we still want to clean up a little bit of debt and make sure that we're at the lower end of the ratios, but also reflecting that buying back shares is going to have an impact on your leverage and making certain that we are being thoughtful, prudent in getting ahead of that.  In terms of the Corebridge sell-down, I mean we've been very methodical. Certainly, we would like to do something in the fourth quarter. We continue to look at all the different alternatives in terms of size and how we can do it. And it will be a priority for us to focus on when we conclude this call and start to focus into next week.  I mean Corebridge has done a terrific job of setting itself up as a public company. And they're ready for deconsolidation in terms of their operations, but we want to make certain that we are very thoughtful in the current environment. And again, we'll use those proceeds to continue to accelerate what we've outlined on the capital management.  I would expect, as we do a secondary and we get on future calls, we'll update and refresh some of the capital structure and also our guidance to see if we need to revise it. But I think that's probably all I can give you at this point. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. Well, we could write significantly more business based on the capital we have in the subsidiaries today. We have a lot of moving pieces. I mean, certainly, selling Validus Re gives us a lot more flexibility in terms of how we position the portfolio for next year.  And so I'll give you a couple of examples of that is that we underwrite property business where we pick up CAT across the world, whether it's Japan, our International business through Lexington, through Talbot, through our retail in North America. But we always had to be very cautious in terms of the overall volatility in terms of how we're correlated with Validus Re, including our reinsurance purchasing where we had certain retentions that might be lower than what our risk tolerance would assume within North America and International. We bought ILWs that benefited the group.  And so like as we think about how we reposition the portfolio, I believe we have a significant amount of aggregate. We have a significant amount of capital. We have businesses that are positioned to propel growth and want to focus on that.  Now maybe the first part of your question is, what type of leverage or how can you improve it? We recognize we have an expense issue. I mean when we look at the overall combination of our corporate expenses plus the expenses that sit in the business, yes, there's a little bit of a mix issue that when you look at some of the Personal Insurance, which are great businesses, and International may have a little bit more acquisition and GOE, but by and large, we need to get expenses out.  And that's the focus. That will be the leverage in terms of contributing to ROE and also getting a future-state business that is leaner and does not have duplication across the world. I mean so that's the work we've been doing this year. We will be positioned pre-deconsolidation to start implementing that operating model.  But I think the leverage is we have enough capital to grow, and we'll continue to grow the top line where we like the risk-adjusted returns, less volatility because we don't have a reinsurance business anymore. So we can do things a little bit differently on the primary side. And we know we have expenses that need to get out, and we're going to get them out, and that's going to drive us north of the 10% ROCE. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. I think you recognize how we were able to reduce volatility. When you have -- I have to even pause when I have to write out trillion because it's a big number. And $1.4 trillion of limit, I don't think that's been done in our business before, and then reposition the portfolio to drive significant profitability improvement.  It absolutely was an outlier. Its gross limit deployment and net limit deployment was significant relative to any of its competitors. And in order to have the type of predictable results we've been able to produce over the past couple of years, when you see the relative improvement as well as absolute improvement, we are really proud of that. You had to take out the volatility, which was the outsized limits, not only from a gross perspective, and we recognize that.  While we talk about it is that, yes, we're a buyer of reinsurance, it's strategic, it matters, but it's not what's driving the results. The driver of the results is the gross underwriting and the overall reduction. Everywhere you look, property, casualty, financial lines, everything is 50% plus of reduction of gross limits. And then you add on reinsurance to temper volatility, that's how we've been able to position the portfolio to have not only significantly improved results, less volatility, it's also very sustainable. And we believe that there's opportunities for further improvement. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Sure. Look, we've had a lot of change over the last 5 years. When I look at our overall attrition, it's at all-time low. We've had a couple of senior executives that we brought in to position the organization for the future and believe that the underwriting structure that we put forward is going to be with us for a couple of years. It's going to drive the performance that we've become accustomed to. And we'll continue to bring in skill sets in the organization that supplement what we already have in order to position us for the future.  So I'm like really very pleased. As I said, we have very low attrition, continue to upgrade talent across the organization. And people want to come work here, which is a really positive attribute of the organization and how we position it for the future.  So thank you. I do have one closing remark. First of all, I'm very proud, and I'd like to thank all of our colleagues for their efforts and all that they've done to progress our strategic plans and deliver consistently strong financial results. Very proud of them.  I would like to say a few words about our former Chief Financial Officer, Shane Fitzsimons, who passed away on Friday, October 27. Shane had a brilliant career. He was highly thought of in the global business community and quickly earned the trust and respect of the insurance industry, which is not easy to do.  He was a cherished colleague here at AIG. Shane brought energy, integrity and a very positive attitude that was both contagious and inspiring. He's a big reason why AIG is where it is today. Shane was a great friend to many of us, and we're so grateful for all that he did for AIG, our stakeholders and our colleagues.  Thank you, and have a great day. 
