Peter Zaffino: Sure. Thanks, Paul. As we talked about in our prepared remarks, we are very pleased with our overall growth across the world. And retention is up, new business was terrific and balanced. And rate, well above loss cost, was evident in so many parts of our business.  If I unpack it as you asked, I mean, look at North America, we discussed Validus Re, was up 32%, but it's not cyclically its largest quarter. It was basically 25% of North America. But other businesses had tremendous quarters.  Lexington had 18% growth. But that was also part of us discontinuing a big program that we didn't like the risk-adjusted returns that had an impact on top line premium growth. And so I would look at Lexington in terms of casualty, which was 40% growth. Lexington property, which was 35% growth. Retail property was up over 50% in the quarter, and I outlined the rate increases were north of 30% for 2 quarters in a row.  Our actual retail casualty business was up in the high single digits. So it was a very good outcome for net premium written in North America. The headwind was Financial Lines, which was down a little bit over 10%, but that is something that is specific to North America. But we have a really good balance in growth.  If I look at -- I'll just expand a little bit in terms of International. We had really strong growth in property. Our syndicate Talbot was up 17%. International Specialty, I drew it out as a mid-single-digit growth net premium written in the quarter. We had some discretionary spends on treaty reinsurance. On a gross basis, it grew over 40%. And I want to call out, Financial Lines is not experiencing the same headwinds as North America, and International was flat. And that's our largest business in the second quarter in International. So had a little bit more of the weight in terms of the overall growth. But I thought it was really balanced, really well done and all the fundamentals we're executing on. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes, thanks, Paul. I gave probably a little bit more PML information than people may have liked, but it's really the story is 3 components. One is what we did in the reunderwriting to reduce gross exposure across AIG. By the way, including Validus Re over the last several years. And we shed over $1 trillion of limit most of it property. And so that had an effect on exposure and PMLs at all return periods.  I think the reinsurance programs that we bought are world-class. We keep calling that out, but in a very challenging and difficult environment at 1/1, we did not compromise by taking a lot more net because of reinsurance pricing. It reflected our book. We got great partners. And as a result, we didn't really have more net in terms of overall low-return peered PMLs.  And so what I drew out in the Validus Re example, again, is on occurrence. It was the RMS model. We'll work through it. We got plenty of aggregate as to drive businesses that exists within AIG. But yes, I mean, like it's a different company. I mean, we're not going to have the tail exposure. But also at all return periods, we're going to have less cat. We've managed aggregates across the world and look at Validus Re as a very good business. But as I said, when we want to continue to reduce volatility, we do that through reinsurance. But when you have a treaty reinsurance business that is -- got a portfolio that has a lot of cat, that's harder to do. So I think the volatility, the cat loads will go down. By the very nature, we're going to lose a big part of our cat exposure. But we've been conservative on that and increased them this year and are very comfortable with our estimates and our actual results. 
Peter Zaffino: Sure, Meyer. We have given guidance. So let me start with the loss cost inflation, which is still at 6.5. And you can imagine in a company like ours, I mean, it's an index. And so we look at each line of business each quarter, make minor modifications or as we did in the back half of last year just based on inflation, more meaningful adjustments.  I'm really pleased with the discipline the company is showing on driving rate above loss cost, and we've done that across the world. So the rate environment in the second quarter was very strong. I gave you the guidance on the prepared remarks of North America excluding work comp, 9%; International at 9%. The drivers for this Retail Property, excess and surplus lines and our specialty businesses, the headwind for rate in North America was Financial Lines. And it's worth noting again that we have a very big footprint.  And I mentioned in the prior question that International is not experiencing the same rate issues. And again, when I look back over the last 14 quarters, each quarter has been a positive rate increase in Financial Lines. So it's different for our International portfolio versus our domestic. And we continue to look at businesses like properties getting a lot of attention, but you can't look at that as a single quarter.  I mentioned before, cost increases on the loss cost side, inflation, cost of capital, but also the cost of reinsurance for the industry, ours was a high single-digit risk-adjusted increase at 1/1. But those reinsurance costs in the industry are going to need to play in over the course of a year or maybe even like in Europe's case, into the first quarter, absent anything happening through cat season. So I think this is the market that we're in. It's a disciplined market. The cost of capital is more expensive, and we're going to be very prudent in where we deploy capital. But I'm very comfortable that we are driving margin on a written basis, and that will continue as we get to the back half of the year. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Well, Lexington is just a great story. When we look at -- we had record submission count across Lexington. We drove very strong growth at the top line, but it's one of our most profitable businesses. And Dave McElroy, Lou Levinson, who leads Lexington, this has all been about driving value for our distribution partners and wholesale brokers. And we've been asking for submission activity on all lines of business.  And so when we're going to deploy property, yes, we have aggregate. Yes, the performance has been very good. Yes, the growth opportunity is there on its own. But we have been very focused on driving opportunities across the portfolio, and we're asking for the business.  And so like the submission activity is substantial. And then I think being one of the largest wholesale underwriters and respected as one of the top in terms of underwriting excellence, we're getting looks at multiple lines of business. And we have staffed up in order to take on that additional volume on the property and casualty side. So I was very pleased that the team executed as well as it did, and I expect that to continue. 
Peter Zaffino: It's a very good question, but I have to follow up with a question back to you. Do you want it over a longer period of time? Because I mean, looking at a cat business in the second quarter and again, I'm happy to provide some detail. It was accretive by a little over 100 basis points in the quarter to a combined ratio.  But don't forget, its acquisition ratio is higher than our normal business. The loss ratio was slightly below based on dynamics going on in the market today. When I look at our overall business and ones that I continue to highlight, Lexington specialty, our property, a little more accretive than Validus Re.  So I wouldn't have the impression that it's going to be highly dilutive. Obviously, it's done really well in the first half of the year. But if I go back the last 3 to 4 years, last year is the first year we were able to publish a combined ratio below 100. And so looking at the combined ratios of the business overall, it's been a positive contributor in the first half of this year. But in terms of the business, we have a lot of business to perform better. And we have -- in terms of the index, I don't think it will materially impact us. 
Peter Zaffino: Both. But we don't break it out. But I mean, in terms of looking at it from 2018 through 2022, 2022 was the first year on a fully low to combined ratio is below 100. 
Peter Zaffino: No. I can't offer you precise, but I can give you some guidance in terms of what we're thinking if that's okay. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. So the secondary is our base case. And we would expect to do something hopefully before year-end, subject to market conditions. I think what we have proven over time is that we want to be prepared. And so we prepared for the IPO, ended up delaying it just based on market conditions, prepared on the secondary. And so we will be prepared to go before year-end.  I think Corebridge is doing very well in its business performance, its operation as a public company. And then we have made enormous progress of getting it ready to be a standalone public company once we deconsolidate. They're executing very well on the management plan.  Again, Kevin will outline it in detail on Friday, but they're able to execute on capital management now with share repurchases as well as ordinary dividend. And so we certainly want to continue to sell down at a reasonable pace, but it's just going to be subject to market conditions and where the business is. 
Peter Zaffino: Depending on Board structure. But if we modify the Board structure, it would be below 50%. But on the current Board structure, we'd have to go below 45%. 
Peter Zaffino: I think what we've outlined is still the base case. We ended up in the low 700s in terms of our share count. Sabra did a very good job of outlining the liquidity that we have and liquidity that will be coming in.  We have focused on the 4 components in a very rigorous way of making sure that we have capital and subsidiaries to drive the growth in a market that we think is very favorable. We increased our dividend this year, and so we want to continue to focus on that.  Our leverage in the low 20s, and Sabra and I both indicated, we'll do some cleanup on debt because the impact of share repurchases, you need to continue to still retire debt. And the main focus from liquidity is going to be on share repurchase, and that will be highly correlated to when we close on RenRe.  We'll be active in the market in the third quarter. And I really couldn't give you much more guidance on that other than we're really focused on the share repurchase and getting to that 600 million to 650 million shares. 
Peter Zaffino: I think we're through most of the major actions. We have to focus more on Personal Insurance, and then we have been certainly, the -- we spent a lot of time on the ultra and high net worth business and the actions that we're taking there in terms of improving it. And we'll see that as we go to the back half of '23 and into '24.  Japan is a big focus for us, and it's a terrific business, one that has terrific scale, performs very well, needs more digital investment. And we have such a wide distribution of agents that we can scale more products. So we'll see some investment in Japan on digital workflow and digital interfacing with customers. And we've been working through that over the past 12 to 18 months. So I would expect to see improved performance there.  And then also our Global Accident & Health business, which performs very well mostly overseas in International, but that's going to have investment. And we would expect to see more growth and more profitability improvement there.  But I don't -- it's not major. It's more of just making strategic investments in order to position the portfolio to be more advantageous. So those will be the areas of focus. But after Validus Re, we had a very active quarter and certainly would not expect another one of those, but we are going to continue to try to drive improvement throughout the portfolio. 
Peter Zaffino: No, I think you're thinking of it the right way. I mean, we've done an incredible job in terms of getting the portfolio that was in existence in '17 and '18 to where it is today. We know that we're an outlier on the expense ratio. That's a big part of what we're doing in the future operating model. And we'll start to show more and more evidence of that in the coming quarters and as we go into 2024.  I did mention not to repeat the first part of the answer, but I do think that there's loss ratio and combined ratio opportunity for improvement in Personal Insurance. And we're heavily focused on that in terms of its balance across all of AIG. But when we look at the improvement in ROCE, expenses is going to be a big part of it. And as we focus on getting to our future operating model, that scale and discipline around having an expense ratio that's more favorable will be a huge focus of this management team.  Okay. Thanks. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. I hope you have a great day. 
