Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Elyse. I would think in terms of how you should think about this, and for us to get to the 10% ROE, Sabra outlined in detail, there's really 3 major ways in which we'll get there. One is through the underwriting results, the other is expense savings. The other is sort of the capital rebalance with share repurchases and other capital management. So you should think about that as a 300 to 350 basis point target in terms of us getting to the double-digit ROCE. Of course, net investment income can benefit, and that's more of a timing issue. We've never said, even in the prior calls, that contribution from increased NOI. NII will be the one that needs to contribute to get us to the 10%, but I think -- I would think of it in that range for the different components. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Dave. And don't forget, like the cumulative rate increases we've achieved in D&O over the last 3 years have been north of 80%. So again, it's a line, as Dave says, we're laser focused on. We're not going to chase the market down. But the cumulative rate increases and margin development hasn't been fully recognized, and we're going to look to 2023 with a lot of discipline. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Paul. We do purchase facultative in certain segments of our business, but we were really referencing the core treaties. When we look at risk appetite, when we are thinking through our ability to protect the balance sheet and where we want to structure treaties, we don't require facultative reinsurance for other segments in order to supplement the core structure. So when I was referencing in my prepared remarks, the treaty structures, we did an exceptional job. The team really focused on modeling changes, inflationary changes and where we thought capital was going to be less expensive versus more expensive.  An example of that would be taking big excess of loss CAT across the world. It gets too expensive for allocation of capital, and that is something we moved away from. So we've built more vertical towers in North America and in international and Japan specifically. So I think the overall market has responded most to Property. Casualty has started to tighten up. I still think that there's ample capacity in quota shares. They may be with some tighter terms and conditions and ceding commissions or, by and large, it was placeable. And yes, facultative, I think, has become harder to place on property just based on the capital available. But for us, we don't heavily rely on facultative to deliver results. It's really our core treaty structures. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: I think we've done an exceptional job on the underwriting side with terms and conditions. I think the entire team has focused over the last several years as not only -- certainly pricing's an output, but how we structure our insurance deals, how we focus on client needs, but also how we customize terms and conditions to make sure that we have the appropriate policies and endorsements in the marketplace. I don't think it's over. It's something that's a nuance. But as we look to the property market in 2023, it's one of the areas where, when you report out rate, you really have to understand the risk-adjusted implications of rate increases.  For instance, in Excess & Surplus Lines property, I expect to see higher deductibles, more wind deductibles, tighter terms and conditions. We've seen what used to be all risk, which covered all perils, now to name perils, and so you can strip out a lot of coverage in terms of when you're placing it, whether you're trying to solve for wind or quake or flood, you don't provide all of the perils. And so if you said to me, what's one of the big areas that you'll see an improvement in 2023, it will be on the terms and conditions and how we price those perils. And I think we will offer, particularly in Excess & Surplus Lines, the appropriate coverage, but we will be restrictive on terms of conditions if we don't feel we're getting paid for. So I don't think it's over. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Erik. As you know, this has been an active strategy for us, particularly over the back half of 2022. I think the team has done an exceptional job. And Sabra, maybe you can just provide a little bit of insight in terms of some of the NII and the reinvestment rates. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes, Erik, it is. We -- in Other Operations, think about it in a couple of components. I think you've outlined most of them, is that upon deconsolidation, we would have $300 million or there thereabouts go with Corebridge. I mean, there could be some stair step up. I mean, it's hard in 2023 to look at each quarter because we're building Corebridge, as we've talked about before, as a stand-alone public company. So those amounts will be in each quarter, depending on the progress that we're making. So think about the $300 million.  I think we'll have savings in Other Operations throughout the year separate from that in the $100 million to $200 million range. And then as we get to the future target operating model, we've given guidance from the past that we anticipate that we'll get around $500 million, not out of all -- that will not all come out of Other Operations. It come out of the combination of what is General Insurance in the parent company today. But that will take deconsolidation. It will take us to get to the target operating model. But I think in the short run, you should think about Corebridge's $300 million, and that between $100 million to $200 million of other reductions in Other Ops is how I would think about it in 2023. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thank you for the question. You have to really look at the full year, I believe, in terms of showing the progress of what we've done as a company. First and foremost, again, I'll mention it again, which is a culture of underwriting excellence. When we look at Commercial with a 340 basis point improvement in the fourth quarter in terms of its action year combined ratio, ex CATs, 440 for the year, I mean that's substantial progress. I mean, we made enormous improvements in profitability.  And so we've shaped the portfolio the way we like it, where again, the fourth quarter, not all roads lead to Financial Lines. But again, it was just a disproportionate amount of premium relative to the overall size. Fourth quarter's small. We saw real good growth in the businesses that we want to grow in, which is in the Excess & Surplus Lines, Global Specialty. But as we've been talking about, I hope it's evidenced through what we did at 1/1, which is why we wanted to put it in the prepared remarks, which is, I kept talking about taking aggregate down where we didn't think we were getting the appropriate risk-adjusted returns.  But when we thought we felt that the risk-adjusted returns were there, like in the reinsurance business, we expanded significantly and expect to see that through 2023. Can't really predict the market, but I don't believe this is all played through. We had a very complicated 1/1, but you have Japan coming up.  And the hardest part in terms of the reinsurance market and thus then the primary market on peak zone is going to be Florida at [ 6/1 ]. And so we think there's great opportunities in Excess & Surplus Lines continue to grow. Again, Global Specialties, Retail Property across the world. We'll watch International, but I don't believe that the treaty increased pricing that happened, which was substantial at 1/1, will play its way through the International business until 2024. Because a lot of the deals, 60% of it comes up at 1/1, was priced off of prior year treaties.  And so I think this has momentum. We are incredibly well positioned. We have no aggregate restrictions. And where we see risk-adjusted returns that are attractive, which we already have, we're going to deploy capital. That was the whole idea of putting more capital in subsidiaries, and then it goes to other lines of business. I mean, you cross-sell what we do in casualty, how we play in these different markets, we have such tremendous following as lead experts in underwriting that we believe, across the world, our platform will be very helpful to our clients, and we expect to find really strong areas for growth. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: We watch it carefully. I mean Excess Casualty, we're still getting very strong rate we have for the last couple of years. And that didn't stop in the fourth quarter. My prepared remarks were really just focused on, I don't think the market that we entered in the fourth quarter is the market that we're in. There's been a lot of changes over the last 60 days. And like every other line of business, it needs to stand on its own. It needs to develop margin. We want to be conservative in our position and making certain that the underwriting terms and conditions are appropriate. But we're watching it carefully. I haven't seen a substantial downturn in terms of pricing. It's been right in the sort of same range for, as I said, the last 6 quarters. And it's something that we're going to watch very carefully in 2023. Okay. We greatly appreciate the engagement and all the questions and appreciate the interest. And so I just wish everybody a great day, and thank you for being here. 
