Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Elyse. I've talked about it in the past that there's many components that are going to drive improved combined ratio. The first is the absolute underwriting performance, and we're seeing that come through in what Mark covered in his script in terms of severity, attritional losses and just less volatility. In addition, we have seen strong top line growth and believe that's in the Commercial side. We're in that market now and see that continuing.  We need less reinsurance that we once needed because of the makeup of the portfolio. So those are all tailwinds. And then in addition to that, you have AIG 200, which I gave some numbers on my prepared remarks that we have real tailwinds there. Not only are we going to continue to have a clear sight in the overall path to $1 billion, but it's starting to earn through in the income statement and just our overall expense discipline.  So we don't heavily rely on one component. There's 4 to 5 that drive it. And no, it does not require us to be in the same rate environment. I mean you have to be in the range on the social inflation and loss cost inflation. But we watch that all the time and believe that we have a lot of momentum. And I'll give more guidance specifically in the next couple of quarters. I mean, the momentum I've seen and the excellent job that Dave McElroy and the entire leadership team have done in General Insurance is a real differentiator. And the momentum they have is tremendous. So it just leaves me with a lot of optimism. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Thanks, Elyse. In terms of the timing, as I said, we're targeting a first quarter IPO. We're working really hard on the operational separation. We'll close with Blackstone, who's going to be a tremendous partner for us, we hope, in July. And so working over the next 6 months to position Life and Retirement to have a very successful IPO is the primary focus.  Second is we have to think about, I said in my prepared remarks, of like the regulatory environment and the market itself. So that will really dictate in terms of how much we do. And it just gives us a lot of flexibility to accordion it up if there's really favorable market conditions or just to go in with a -- we wouldn't go to an IPO with a 9.9%. We'll do something larger than that. But the size, timing, we'll continue to give you guidance as we get further along in the year with the progress that we're making. I don't know, Mark, if you want to add anything to the capital management, the debt. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Meyer, thank you for the question. I'll turn it over to Mark in a second. But I think that when we looked at the partnership with Blackstone, there was a variety of factors that went into it, certainly them making a commitment on the equity investment, making certain that Life and Retirement still maintained its authority and ability to shape the investments with Blackstone. So we contained that. A lot of the assets that we have or will transfer are classes that they have exceptional track records on, and so we're working through that.  We do believe that the AUM will grow over time with Life and Retirement. And so this will become a smaller percentage, and the base case was that not only with the Blackstone partnership that our overall business model will evolve to be more efficient over time. But Mark, maybe you could fill in a couple of the details of that. 
Peter Zaffino: And one thing I would add, Meyer, in terms of what Mark just noted is that the high net worth space is changing dramatically in peak zones. We expect to see a continued change in the Excess & Surplus Lines as more alternatives -- it was basically split in the second quarter between admitted and non-admitted new business. So that's just something that we're going to watch. I mean, there's no specific trends that are going to be substantially different than the guidance we've given. But there is some change in that business that we want to make sure with the market-leading position that we take advantage of solving problems for clients but also repositioning the portfolio to have less volatility. 
Peter Zaffino: Erik, let me handle that one. The guidance that I provided in the past and we'll stay with is that there are meaningful savings for Life and Retirement within AIG 200. That will be tailwinds to them. We had said around $125 million, Life and Retirement achieved some of that. But there's a big number left for us in terms of earning through that over the next 18 months. So think about roughly $100 million of AIG 200 benefits. Then there is allocations and parent service fees that goes over to Life and Retirement today that will either dissipate or we'll still have those services as we transition for Life and Retirement to become a public company.  So that's in the range of $75-plus million. So Kevin has a decent amount to invest towards building out the public company. And we think with other initiatives for expense savings through separation office that it should largely be neutral to Life and Retirement. And we think the synergies that exist within the remaining company, AIG, that it's neutral to beneficial. And we'll give more guidance as we get closer to the end of the year when we've done more work in the separation office. 
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Tracy. No, the 9.9% is predicated on a strategic partnership that starts to accelerate all the things that we want to do to set Life and Retirement up to be a public company. And we're really focused on getting that done within the first quarter and making sure that the organization is set up to do that. And again, there's regulatory and market considerations that we'll always look at. But those are really the bigger ones than tying really what the cornerstone investor has brought to the table versus the eventual IPO. As Mark mentioned, we have a lot more flexibility because of the consumption of the foreign tax credits. And so 2022, we'll start to outline what we think will likely happen as we get closer to the end of the year. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Thanks, Mark. And I want to just thank everyone for joining us today. Before we end the call, I want to thank our colleagues around the world for what they've accomplished over the last 6 months, especially considering the challenges that have been presented in work remote environments. We have a talented, hardworking colleague base that's executing on multiple complex initiatives simultaneously, which I think makes us very unique, very proud of the team, remains very focused on ensuring quality in everything that we do and delivering significant value to all of our stakeholders. Have a great day. 
Mark Lyons: Just I think that -- I think the core point was to emphasize that this removes the constraint. So rather than on the specifics of the sizing, which as Peter said, which is very market-sensitive and contingent, but having that ability now to not have such a constraint is the main point we really wanted to push over. 
Mark Lyons: Yes. Well, Meyer, as Peter said, the level of these specialty assets are usually much more labor-intensive and are always on the higher end of the scale, if you think of it in a rate card sense. And so that part is completely within expectations of what we would say. Within -- with our own internal structures, we would have also increasing costs as you graduate up to the overall asset class categories that they are experiencing for us. So there's some gap, but some of that cost accounting view is less clear than you think. But we know what the value we're going to be getting out of that is going to be more than worth it. 
Mark Lyons: It's -- what I think that you're going to -- let me make a general statement first. And that is that I think Peter tried a position that's been -- and we may have said this a little bit in past calls. But you should think of the combined ratio gains on the Commercial side of being loss ratio and expense ratio driven and on the Personal Line side, more expense ratio driven. We've gotten a lot more stability in the loss ratios on there, so you'll continue to see that. But to the extent -- it's roughly a -- I would actually say you should anticipate the expense ratio to continue to improve in North America Personal. 
Mark Lyons: Sure. I guess, a couple of things. First off, we are viewing -- although we're showing substantial margin improvement on a quarter-over-quarter or year-over-year basis, we actually think we're being conservative in this. As I said, I think, on past calls, there has been a lot of change over the last 3 years, including some of the fundamental channels in which we get business. So we think we got every one of those correctly.  Nobody bats 1,000, so you wind up having a little bit of risk margin associated with each of the last several accident years. So we feel good overall. And we feel about the trajectory of the improvement and where it's coming from and that we're not booking and displaying things without having an appropriate risk margin associated with it. I hope that's helpful. 
