Brian Duperreault: Thank you. Good morning and thank you for joining us to review our second quarter results. As we continue to position AIG for long-term sustainable and profitable growth, disciplined execution of our strategy is reflected on our strong performance in the second quarter and first half of 2019.Adjusted return on common equity for the second quarter was 10.4% and 11% year-to-date. Adjusted after-tax income was $1.3 billion or $1.43 a share for the second quarter and $2.7 billion or $3.01 per share year-to-date, nearly $1 per share improvement over the first half of 2018.Throughout the first half of 2019, we remained focused on the foundation work that continues across AIG, particularly in General Insurance, which delivered a second consecutive quarter of profitability with an accident quarter combined ratio including actual CATs of 98.7% or 96.1% as adjusted, Calendar quarter combined ratio was 97.8%.The turnaround in General Insurance which has been led by Peter Zaffino and his team is impressive. AIG is taking a leadership position in its approach to disciplined underwriting and innovative reinsurance strategies and we have strong momentum heading into the second half of 2019. I can confirm that we expect to achieve underwriting profitability for the entire year. Peter will provide more detail in his remarks on the significant progress being made in General Insurance.With respect to premium rate trends, I want to follow up on my comments from the first quarter. Rate increases accelerated in the second quarter, in some cases materially. I've seen a number of market cycles and each one has different characteristics. I would describe this market as one where there was more underwriting discipline and rigor around the deployment of capacity, rather than a major decline in capacity.That discipline seems to be playing out through the pricing models and underwriting processes that are recognizing increased loss cost frequency toward environment and other emerging risks. To me, that means the turn is based on facts, rather than an emotion, and is therefore more sustainable.With respect to AIG, we are seeing strong rate improvement across most of our global portfolio. In addition to industry dynamics, rate increases reflect our comprehensive and disciplined strategy to reposition our businesses as market leaders by refining our risk appetite, significantly reducing gross and that limits [ph] tightening terms and conditions and reducing capacity in certain areas. Peter and Mark will provide more details on rate in their comments.Life and Retirement also had a solid quarter, posting a 17.3% adjusted return on common equity due to continued discipline and execution of its strategy as well as strong private equity returns and favorable market performance. Equity markets remain highly volatile and unpredictable and as a result, we are not changing our 2019 guidance for Life and Retirement of full year adjusted return on common equity in the low to mid-teens. Kevin will provide more additional information on Life and Retirement.Net investment income was $3.7 billion in the second quarter, reflecting strong performance in the equity markets and tightening spreads in the credit markets, as well as a significant gain on private equity investments. Mark will provide more detail on our overall financial results later in the call.Since I arrived at AIG, we have focused on addressing several critical areas, including refining our approach to underwriting, reducing our risk profile, overhauling our reinsurance strategy to reduce volatility, making our General Insurance business profitable and remediating challenged legacy businesses. We have also been working on AIGs strategic positioning in the global insurance marketplace and longer-term priorities that define who we are as a Company and how we create value for our stakeholders.Given the progress we have made, we are now placing greater focus on a multiyear enterprise wide program, which we have branded AIG 200. I've asked Peter in his capacity as Global Chief Operating Officer to lead this effort across all of AIG. AIG 200 will focus on opportunities to improve our core processes and infrastructure. If we were to become a top performing company, we must make transformative and sustainable improvements that will require investment.This work ultimately will lead to a reduced expense base and improved experience for our clients, policyholders and colleagues. Like the foundational work that started in late 2017, we are not taking shortcuts with this program, AIG 200 is critical to our long-term success and we will report on our progress on future calls.With respect to capital management, you will hear from Mark that we did not buy back shares in the second quarter. Our capital plan for the remainder of the year remains focused on reinvesting in our business and reducing our leverage.With that, I'll turn it over to Peter.
Brian Duperreault: I think asbestos has been the next asbestos for this industry [indiscernible] I don't want to -- I have got to leave that supreme. But it's certainly a society wide problem but it's certainly a society wide problem, all this stuff that's going on and it will be reflected in societies' reaction to it.As Peter pointed out, the one thing that we have been known for when I talk about being a great Company, this kind of large widespread phenomenon is something we've been handling for a very long time, but it is certainly an issue that everybody has at the top of their mind.
Brian Duperreault: I think Mark mentioned in his prepared remarks, we're going to, and I said the same thing. We're going to -- we're going to continue to look at our leverage, so let's not forget that, but my bias has always been to invest in the business and in this situation where we've got a market that's improving daily, and also an effort in the Company to self-improve through the AIG 200, I think that there will be plenty of opportunities for us to invest in the Company itself, and I think that's the long-term best use of the funds and that's where we're going, Jay.
Brian Duperreault: Thanks Josh. And I'm going to call this to an end, and thank you. And I just want to just thank everybody for joining us today and for your questions. And before we end the call, of course, I do want to acknowledge our colleagues around the world for their tireless efforts and dedication to the journey that we're on here at AIG, and I am proud of what we're accomplishing and appreciate everybody's hard work.I also want to thank our business partners, shareholders and stakeholders for their support. It's meant a lot to me and my leadership team and we remain committed to making AIG the leading insurance Company in the world. Have a great day.
Peter Zaffino: Well, Elyse, I have -- I said, we expect an underwriting profit for the year, it's very hard to predict the accident quarter. So, we've been -- we've been improving the volatility of this book, and so I think that the results get to be a little bit more predictable, but we still have a -- we still have a relatively interesting mix of business.So, I just -- I don't really want to predict some to the decimal point change. We want to continue to sequentially improve, but will that happen in a -- in some kind of straight line, I can't tell you, but over time, yes, we continue to target an improvement in the General Insurance and as I said and get to a sustainable 10-point return on adjusted equity over the next couple of years, but don't hold me to what the accident quarter is going to be.
Peter Zaffino: It's too early, Jay, really to comment, but I would expect just based on sort of qualitative commentary that the third quarter early reactions are similar to what we've seen in the second quarter.
Peter Zaffino: I just want to build on what both of you had commented on, which is the most important thing we're making sure that the underwriters are doing is risk selection, how to recalibrate the portfolio, making disciplined decisions around limit deployment, understanding their aggregations, understanding what's actually happening with loss cost and underlying trends.We're very pleased with the rate that we've been driving. But that's become an outcome of the discipline that we've been driving over the last five or six quarters.
Mark Lyons: That's interesting. It's going to be more than 200 basis points, I'll tell you that. Now it's really a reference to -- we've just in this year celebrating -- let us go book back 100 years, and so this is to look forward to the next 100, and so maybe I should have called it, well I won't give you a number.
Mark Lyons: Thank you. I mean it's a reasonable question. I mean, what I would just kind of comment on. Last quarter, we kind of gave you a framework. We said it is roughly 91% of the carrying value of investable assets is in pretty stable, predictable stuff. I mean, that's still got some variability to it of course, but on a relative basis, and then there was another 9% that has a lot more volatility to it, some because of the inherent asset class itself and some because of the accounting election that was put through.And that mix is still pretty much in force this quarter. So there a couple of things, one, if you look back even through our fence up, you're going to see in PE and hedge fund composites pretty, pretty broad volatility. It's -- we have a minus 11% in the fourth quarter that rebounded to 18%, and 16% this quarter, it was 5% in the latter part -- third quarter of '18.So you can kind of go backwards and pick your own standard there on those kinds of things. The other thing that, and Brian alluded to it and Kevin alluded to it, if you go into the assumption that where the interest rates are now, stays at this level with natural maturities and natural turnover in fixed income, you're going to be reinvesting in lower yielding fixed income securities.That could put some downward pressure on it, latter half and then into 2016. So all those things taken into account, we still think that the original guidance we had given coming into the year was $13 billion. And through that stuff that I mentioned, you could really get to about $13.5 billion, in that range and that's, for the reasons we just mentioned, that's pretty much where we still are.
Mark Lyons: Yes, just one thing, that the second part of your question was, of course, you will see that in net income, but that kind of restructuring charges is generally is excluded from operating income.
Mark Lyons: Yes, thank you. First off, Josh, I appreciate that one opening comment you made that in terms of writing your own ticket, I think clear point of differentiation is in a lot of sectors, AIG is pushing the market, it's not like we're benefiting from the results of others, we are pushing it and that's contributory to our view on a lot of different things.In terms of the rate changes as Peter quoted for, they are effective rate changes, taken into account as much as you can, to the examples that Brian mentioned, limits in contraction and the cash flow point movements and so forth. But there is a broader lift that does not reflect. I mean that's the explicit rate change, the implicit rate change is that portfolio quality differential.So when you non-renew or get rid of business of rate adequacy of X and you're bringing in new business that's much stronger than that X, it has beneficial lift as well. That will find its way into the ultimate loss ratio, but that's in addition to the individual rate changes that we are covering up.
Mark Lyons: Well, I think we've been addressing our reinsurance to the portfolio that we had, as that portfolio changes, right, so we get rid of the large limit strategy, you don't have to buy as much in terms of protecting the Company from those very large limits, portfolio mix, but I'd say the basis of our philosophy of around the reinsurance that it is -- it's geared to addressing exposures that we feel we should share because of accumulations or because of volatility, that's going to continue. But yes, as the portfolio evolves, we'll adjust our total program accordingly.
