Brian Duperreault: Good morning and thank you for joining us to review our fourth quarter and full year 2019 results. For the fourth quarter adjusted after-tax income was $919 million or $1.03 per common share. For full year 2019 adjusted after-tax income was $4.1 billion or $4.59 per common share and return on common equity and adjusted return on common equity were 5.3% and 8.3% respectively. These results reflect the significant progress we made over the course of 2019 on the execution of our strategy to position AIG for long-term sustainable and profitable growth. Our focus on fundamentals and the foundational work that we've done since late 2017 is becoming evident on our financial performance with our 2019 results reflecting broad-based improvement across all segments. I will highlight some of the important milestones we achieved this past year most notable being in those in General Insurance business. GI produced a full year 2019 combined ratio of 99. six and an accident year combined ratio as adjusted of 96%. It's hard to say given all the issues at AIG over the last decade-plus but I honestly can't remember the last time AIG had a full year underwriting profit.
Brian Duperreault: So it's really a question around retro's increasing costs. I guess Peter can answer that question. I think we've gone to our market with our reinsurance program you heard Peter describe it. So for 2020 I think we've established what the cost will be for us. But Peter do you want to answer that. 
Brian Duperreault: Yes sure Jimmy thanks. There is a little bit of noise in the spread movement third quarter to fourth quarter and year-over-year. And frankly it's relative to just some of the specifics of the market conditions through the quarters. And plus the year-over-year trend is really I think much more relevant. And so based on the environment that we're expecting we're sort of looking on an annualized basis at an eight to 16 basis points compression which is a little bit of an increase based on what we had before. But on the entire year basis our compression in 2019 was seven basis points collectively. So I think that we're seeing a little bit of compression. It's largely within what we expected certainly market conditions are very challenging right now. There was a little bit of noise third quarter to fourth quarter but no impact on trend as far as we're concerned. And maybe most importantly we are still seeing very attractive spreads available. 
Brian Duperreault: So let me take it and then Mark and it in. So when I gave you that target some time ago we had not contemplated the sale. Of Fortitude. And so we believe that then now we have a fortitude sale impending expected it would close midyear. That helps that number but that number we believe was achievable in the case. But I'll let Mark talk about the rest of the stuff CECL. So yes thank you. First off yes it contemplates both. So it contemplates the CECL which will have a shareholders heavily coming into the year for regulations. We had guided you last quarter that that was about $645 million. You'll see in our K that comes out the actual number but it's not materially different from that. So yes to that and as far as Fortitude it's all in. So the difficulty is that it's two things. One we estimate closing. We don't know exactly when closing is. And we've been around long enough to those down. And secondly the interest rate environment will be fairly material to the ultimate impact of what it will do to book equity. So it's fairly hard to predict. But yes we're anticipating that's all in. 
Brian Duperreault: Okay. So just for clarifying. So the if I go back to the comments from 2020 to 2021 it was $300 million $600 million $1 billion pure GOE. But that if you mean tax that's goes to tax. 
Brian Duperreault: Well, so that's part of our conversation back in the first quarter when we laid things out. But Peter talked about the $1.3 billion of investment and that's going to be reflected. There's cash assets there's putting capitalized assets into service and the timing of those when they're ready and they depreciate that type. There's a lot of moving parts. So I don't mean to be vague but there's a lot of moving parts and we'll get back to you in the first quarter. 
Brian Duperreault: Stable in this environment. Maybe the ROEs have come down a little bit as we discussed. But we'd expect L&R to be stable and it wheels around the GI improvements it's loss ratio now. AIG 200 kicks in it will be expense ratios coming later. 
Brian Duperreault: I'll take that one. I have two things that are kind of countervailing actually three things come to mind. First off when we originally said the 10% we had a completely different investment environment investment outlook. So from that point of view having the Fortitude sale the impact on that is very helpful to offset some of the investment income outlook differences. And the other thing is the $3 billion number that's approximately that you talked about that's the impact on the impact from consolidation as opposed to the impact from sales an impact from sale is subfunction of whatever the market conditions are going to be on the day of closing. So it's pretty hard to come stay too hard to predict. I know it's complicated. Hopefully that helps. 
Brian Duperreault: Well we're both looking at each other. Mark and I and I'd say look we'd expect that as we manage our capital we told you what our priorities are for this year. We're going to look at once we do close the fortitude we will relook at share buybacks which is probably about the second half of the year. It's still a management tool. We have an authorization so it's certainly possible.
Brian Duperreault: Okay. Thank you very much. Let me appreciate your staying a little longer and all the intention. I just want to make one last comment and that is that as I said at the beginning of the call I'm really pleased that we delivered a on our 2019 commitments and we ended the year strong with great for the support we received from the industry partners and their clients. And we're really optimistic about what the future holds for AIG but last and certainly not least I want to thank our colleagues across the globe the resiliency they've shown over the last couple of years is tremendous and I'm proud to lead a group of such talent professionals who continue to go above and beyond to make AIG a better stronger company. So thank you all and have a good day.
Peter Zaffino: Thank you, Brian and good morning, everyone. Today I will review 2019 financial performance for General Insurance update you on major reinsurance basements completed as part of the January renewal season share observations regarding current market conditions and outline notable business unit accomplishments and General Insurance. I will also provide an overview of AIG 200. As Brian mentioned we are very pleased that in 2019 general insurance achieved and underwriting costs. This was an important milestone for our team and reflects the significant work that was done in 2018 and 2019 to build a world-class leadership team establish a new comprehensive underwriting strategy for general insurance clearly outlined a defined risk appetite for our distribution partners and clients and complete critical foundational work to improve our portfolio while meaningfully reducing volatility through underwriting actions and a comprehensive reinsurance strategy.
Peter Zaffino: Yes. So thanks Meyer. Yes the retro costs have increased and I think it will be a little bit different than last year because believe as we enter into the April one and June one renewal dates for Japan and respectively we're going to see meaningful rate increases on same structures. And so while the reinsurance market has seen increased retro cost. I believe that the reinsurance cost will be able to bear that cost in terms of how we are going to reinsure different portfolios. And we are not taking a lot more volatility in the portfolio. In other words because of the retro costs we're not looking to take a lot more net but consistent with our overall strategy on volatility and risk retention. You might talk about that. Just a second. So in terms of Validus yes that's what I referring more on April one and June one they ought to be able to position themselves in the marketplace. But we're not looking to grow and take on more CAT exposure on a net basis throughout 2020.
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Thanks Elyse. I mean I think it's going to be consistent but just a little bit more tailing off in 2020 when you compare it to 2019 which is going to be gross underwriting actions that continue. I talked a little bit about long-term agreements rolling off. It's a big part of our reunderwriting in the first quarter property. We're still working through the Lexington. And even those statistics are daunting for us in terms of the improvement of the portfolio and the repositioning that still is going to be work that's going to be done. And then also the reinsurance think about the casualty quota share which was something that we felt really mitigated volatility. We entered into that in 2019 but that continues in 2020. So some of the discrete reinsurance purchases will have an impact on net premiums written not to the same extent it did in 2019 but certainly we'll carry over into '20 okay. And then my second question Mark... 
Peter Zaffino: Well Erik as I pointed out I mean our assumptions are for from the starting point of the year 6.5% on the equity markets. And that the 10-year will be around 1.7 and the sensitivities that we gave were relative to those assumptions. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. So now we do not contemplate an AIG 200 the loss adjustment expense Brian. And then in terms of the way we framed out the program. I think if I understand your question correctly Mark put it into his prepared remarks which is basically three quarters of it will come through General Insurance over the of it will come through General Insurance over the program and then the other quarter will come into Life Retirement and Corporate. And again in terms of the sequencing of that I think it will be fairly consistent throughout the three years. 
Mark Lyons: Yes. Actually the guidance around that is pretty similar to what we said last year so 22 23. And the gap question... 
Mark Lyons: Oh well CAT load. I'm really glad you asked this question because you may recall that I think in the middle of the year we said we're going to start looking at this like every other company which is looking at return periods and looking at it on OEP and an AEP basis 10-K that will be coming out we'll provide that information for you. But AALs that we're getting away from we don't manage the company that way. We manage it on the return-period basis. And I'll leave with that. 
Mark Lyons: Well yes good questions. Some of that will be giving you chapter when we go on our first quarter call as we alluded to. But you're going to have a mixture so what's above and below the line. You've then we'll give you all that detail. And as far as whether it's the major part of the restructuring are of the total cost of investment it's not going to be the major but we'll give you the details on that again in 1Q. 
Mark Lyons: Well I'd say probably skewed more and more to the loss ratio. And as we go from '20 to '21 you see probably see that flip a degree of improvement.
Mark Lyons: Well to get I guess a couple of things you guys to think about is I think as I tried to lay out the 8.3% return in calendar 2019 had some extraordinary gains in it. So if you normalize for that and things of that nature. It's not quite the same. I also think in the prior quarter I've mentioned that get to 10% is not linear that we would expect more in the back half than the first half of that. We have great expansion in GI on expected underwriting gain and although it a stronger marketplace environment. It's also a radically modified portfolio. So by the time 2021 we'll have a little more back of the window view of what 2020 looks like. And if we were lucky enough that the environment continues that's a great tailwind to help us out. AIG 200 is going to also help along the lines we just mentioned. So there should be incrementally better contributions from AIG 200 each year through 2021. 
Mark Lyons: Yes I think what we're going to try to do in the first quarter is just give you a little bit more clarity on the sequencing. And so while we have 10 initiatives and they'll largely be launched in the first quarter there will be sequencing in terms of where we start. And giving you a little bit more insight as to how that program progresses. And then I think that will tie to where Mark said before which is what type of expense needs to be deployed with that sequencing to match expenditures and getting after this launch. And so I think we'll be able to give you a little more clarity as to what you should expect on each of the programs and what it looks like for the rest of 2020. And I'll just -- Peter's comments. Do probably what you're inferring is someone else had add a lot more clarity on maybe perhaps the timing of capital being put in service you canalizing being put in service but clearly above and below the line aspect. So that will all be laid out.
