Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Mike. It's a very good question. We are going to stay very committed to the capital management structure we outlined, which is why I gave guidance on not only '24 but '25 in terms of share repurchases. I think we've been consistent, and I added in when we're more comprehensive in our description in terms of capital management, that should inorganic opportunities exist, and they're compelling, which just means does it add product, does it add geography? Not scale and size, but just something that does help us strategically reposition ourselves. I wouldn't want to rule that out, but it's not a priority in the short term. And so that's really the context of what I provide in my prepared remarks. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. Thanks. It's a very good question. Let me start on growth. You can't -- one is you can't always look at broker index. Again, I don't know what Marsh index tracks, but sometimes, they don't catch fee business. They don't really catch the entire sort of market, which is the market we play in.  I do think it's conducive to grow. We don't look for top line growth to sacrifice profitability, and I think we evidenced that in this quarter and we've evidenced it over the past couple of years, that we continue to want to improve our combined ratios and look at businesses where the best risk-adjusted returns are. And so we have shaped the portfolio that way. It's hard in any one quarter to sometimes draw conclusions like you saw in terms of the gross premium written in this quarter. It's really driven by 3 lines: Specialty; Financial Lines; and Casualty. The first quarter was impacted in International by energy within the Specialty class. But it's a great business, we're a world leader in that class, great underwriting capabilities and global distribution. And expect us to continue to grow that, and it's a very attractive combined ratio.  So I think there's a little bit of noise. We had some captives. We had reinsurance impact the quarter, because we switched from some pro rata to excess of loss. I don't think I need to go into too much more detail on Financial Lines. It's definitely an area where we watch very carefully. Sabra provided a lot of great context in her prepared remarks. But we're going to focus on making sure we have the highest-quality book.  I mean, our retention I think, spoke volumes this quarter in terms of the portfolio we like. I mean, with 89% in International, 88% in North America, across the board, that was tremendous, good new business. And so we definitely find opportunities.  I mean, the one area I just want to just note. Because Lexington, we talk about it every quarter because it just continues to just be exceptional. But the market dynamics have changed quite a bit. And when we look at Excess & Surplus lines, we think there's great opportunities to continue to grow. Even though there may have been some slowdown in Property, there's other lines of business, like casualty that we're seeing massive submission activity. And I just wouldn't look at the E&S market as a hard market play or a soft market play. It's just a market that's going to be here to stay in a different way. And so we're very much investing in that. I think the margins are great and the growth opportunities are significant. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: There's not a whole lot more I can offer in terms of the prepared remarks. Every sell-down has been important, but this one is particularly important just because we would likely become a seller of shares that will deconsolidate Corebridge. So we continue to focus on making certain we're looking at every option available.  And considering all of those variables, Corebridge has done a significant amount of work working with AIG and independently to position itself to be a separate public company. It's done an exceptional job. We're completed, most of our transition service agreements, which just means they're more operationally prepared to go.  And so again, subject to market conditions, I think my guidance I gave last quarter stands. We would expect to try and do something before the end of the second quarter. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. Thanks, Elyse. I think while we gave the guidance into 2025 is -- what I said in my prepared remarks is that by the end of the second quarter, if we exercise on the share repurchases that we've outlined, we would be at the higher end of the range of the 600 million to 650 million. And if we continue the $1.5 billion a quarter, which, yes, would contemplate doing a sell-down of Corebridge. But there's other forms of liquidity that come into AIG, but we would need to sell down to be able to do the $1.5 billion in the third and fourth quarter, but that gets us to the lower end of the range. And then as we continue to do future sell-downs, we would get below the 600 million share count, which is why we decided to give a little bit more guidance as we get into 2025. It does not include a sell-down to 0, but it does contemplate several transactions that would take place in the next 4 quarters. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: I would take it as just an update. We would have gone past our current Board authorization with the 2025 guidance and worked very closely with the AIG Board of Directors to talk about what we expected the capital management strategy to be in the next 6 quarters. And that's really how we derive the $10 billion. But I wouldn't think about it anything more than that. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Well, in terms of the portfolio, I'm comfortable today taking more net. But what we've done over this multiyear period in terms of strategically positioning the reinsurance is working very closely with our reinsurance partners, looking across multiple lines of business and multiple geographies in the placement of reinsurance. And then also making certain that we control volatility in this period of transition. That's been really important. I want to emphasize that because we not only are looking at our accident year combined ratios, excluding catastrophe, we have kept our retentions or lowered them in a period of high uncertainty and high volatility because we don't want to have any outsized losses or surprises perhaps or an active cat season.  Also, I think we're very different than other insurance companies in terms of how we purchase reinsurance. It's not done at the business level. It is not done within just the finance function or treasury, it's done -- reports directly to me. And so I work very closely with Charlie Fry, work very closely with Sabra in terms of what our risk appetite is going to be for that particular year. And we've protected capital and had more quality earnings as a result of some of the reinsurance that we place.  A couple of examples of things that are just very good, but impacted the first quarter is switching more to excess of loss in certain segments like energy, we transitioned and proportionally signed down a little bit of the quota share. But it wasn't economic because we ended up getting a better outcome on the quota share with 200 basis points of improvement. So it's just repositioning the portfolio. Did the same thing with property cat. And the reason I just gave the example on our earnings and sort of prepared remarks is just, on property cat, we can absolutely take more net if we decide to as we enter 2025, depending on the portfolio and depending on our appetite for volatility. We'll still have one of the lowest attachment points of any of our peers across the world. We enhanced coverage. There's a lot more coverage in our property cat. We've enhanced our high net worth business in terms of excess of loss and more comprehensive coverage. And also -- again, and I'll stop here because I could go on for hours on this discussion, but is on casualty, we renewed or improved our overall construct across the globe based on the quality of our growth portfolio.  So to start thinking about ways in which we can do reinsurance differently will not have anything really to do with the gross portfolio because they're very much like that. It's more of where do we want volatility and where do we want to take more net? And we see opportunities as we enter 2025. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thank you. We do see great opportunities in Casualty. We highlighted some of the performance in the quarter. We had to start, because of the portfolio that existed, reunderwriting the Casualty portfolio well before, I think, it was discussed really in the industry. And with that, became a new underwriting philosophy, new underwriting strategy, new terms and conditions, new attachment points, net limit, gross limits, pricing, margin. And so that's been a journey for us for years.  We mentioned the 16% in Excess Casualty in terms of rate is as strong as we've seen in the past several years. And so that we do think there's a lot of capacity pulling back. We have very comprehensive reinsurance to mitigate volatility and enable us to put out limits depending on our risk appetite. And obviously, we're cautious. We're watching the different lines of business within Casualty and their trends, but absolutely see opportunities to grow.  And when you look at our premium, don't think about it as we've grown policy count or limit, it's actually the opposite. I mean, like our client count, policy count and limits are all dramatically reduced when you compare them to 3 or 4 years ago. It's just been the effect of where we participated and how we price the business. And believe that, again, we're going to be cautious, but there are real opportunities for growth in the current market. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: I wish I could provide a little bit more detail on the first part of the question. We're looking at all alternatives, all size. I mean, so much is market-dependent. You have certain windows. And we want to make sure -- we have multiple stakeholders, I mean, within Corebridge shareholders, AIG shareholders, so sort of balancing that is really important for us. But as I said in my answer and prepared remarks, we're ready to go. Everybody is anxious to move forward, but we're going to make sure we do it in a very methodical way to where we don't do anything that's not in the best interest of all that we've done so far and our stakeholders. So we will consider multiple options and keep everybody updated.  On the ASR, I mean, I think we've largely thought about this, and Sabra, if you want to comment to close out. We've done share repurchase in a methodical way. We always consider different ways in which we can do it. But maybe you can just comment, and then I'll close it out. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Sabra. And in closing, I just want to thank all of our colleagues around the world for their continued dedication, teamwork, execution on all the progress we've made. And I want to thank everybody for joining us today and your questions. Everybody, have a great day. 
