Brian Duperreault: Thanks, Kevin. We gave you a lot of content, which used up a lot of the first hour. So we will, as Liz said, we will go a little long on the Q&A. So operator, let’s go to Q&A.
Brian Duperreault: Well, I think it's going to come from a variety of sources. We thought you might ask this question. So Mark is going to answer and Peter just probably on the supplement.
Brian Duperreault: And I'm just -- let me just add two things. One, [indiscernible] AAL, the AALs, we haven't given you one, but one can assume they're not going up, they're going down either through a combination of efforts, reducing our gross and net risk, reducing concentrations, and of course reinsurance structures that we put in to place, which are all reducing the AAL, I'd say that. So the only other thing I'd say, a little caveat, so give me a break here, is and we talked about volatility. So volatility in this book is diminishing, but it's not -- we haven't gotten it all out of the system yet. We've got risk attaching covers and things like that. So there's still a few of the multi-year policies left and the [unearned] [ph] bleeding in, is we still have some stuff with larger per risk limits. So the volatility in the first quarter should be greater than the volatility by the end of the year. So, you can't -- you got to just recognize that volatility thing is there, but I think Mark and Peter outlined why we've said entering 2019.
Brian Duperreault: Sometimes, you can’t explain things. I'm not sure I can, but let me try and answer those things. So, I think there was a belief in the balance sheet, starts with a belief in the balance sheet and that's okay, we need a balance sheet, we need a balance sheet to take risk. And it's got -- your risk has got to be matching that balance sheet, but if you tell underwriter, it's okay to write 2.5 billion and by the way, who else is going to do it, so you think you'd corner the market, right. So if you don't get paid for it, you've got a problem. So you put out an extra $1 billion of limits with almost no payment, because it's impossible to get value for that kind of additional limit. So when you add that to, let's say, underwriting where the underwriters were not selecting properly or they were adversely selecting against, being selected against and you go large, you go large on risk, you shouldn't be writing, it just exacerbates everything and then you try to -- then as an actuary, you try to reserve this stuff where the volatility is impossible, how much risk can you put into your reserve levels to try to recognize the extreme volatility that might occur. So look, I don't -- all I know is, I wouldn’t have done it and I know we're not doing it. That's about all I could say. Hope that helps.
Brian Duperreault: Thanks, Eric. First of all, in terms of the fourth quarter impact, the impact on DAC from the market was -- versus the prior year just over 80 million. And of course, it's a combination of where the equity markets levels are, an impact from the credit spread widening, et cetera. And so, if you look at the overall fourth quarter, the sharp decline in the AUM in the last four weeks impacted not just the DAC, but also fee income, which is a reflection generally of where the equity markets are and also the impact of the spread widening on mostly the fair value options and the impact of the markets on yield enhancements and accretion income is also something to keep in mind. So, as we look at the whole question of the cost of funds and base spreads, I think what's important is there were some anomalous items, mostly in group retirements in the fourth quarter, but year over year, cost of funds was 2.73, which is just 3 basis points from the 2.76 in the prior year. So it's not actually about the prior year, fixed annuities year-over-year was flat at 2.65 and variable and index almost flat at 1.24 versus 1.26. So really the cost of funds is not something other than that one-off item in the fourth quarter, significant concerns. And as we look at the base spreads, obviously, in particular some of the market effects were primarily what you saw in the effect in the fourth quarter. And assuming where the markets were at the end of the year and where we believe interest rates are going to be, our interest rates were, we are still confident of that maximum negative spread compression of the two basis points in 2019.
Brian Duperreault: Andrew, let me just – you have a risk that comes in the door, right and we've been writing it for some time, we've been attaching too low, so it's either deductibles, it’s an access placement, we've been attaching too low and we've been giving way too much one that it's at the top. Okay. So you get rid of the limited copy that we're getting paid for, it just improved your portfolio immediately. You raise up from where you were to a higher limit where the risks diminish, right. Now, that'll cause you to get less premium, you've got a much better risk on your hands and that doesn't even count getting [indiscernible] So, you've got to trust this, I’m telling you, the premium is flat and we don't need a hard market to make this thing better, as Mark said.
Brian Duperreault: Yes. So, is the process done? Well, as we described, Peter and I, Tom Bolt’s work with all our underwriters has been distributed, so we've set the tone of what we want to do. Okay. So the strategy, yeah, I think the strategy is done. The implementation is being done and risk by risk, as they come up for renewal, you make adjustments and things bleed off. So that's what I was saying, the first quarter is going to be riskier in terms of volatility and the fourth quarter just as the portfolio earns in at the strategy that we've been deploying. So strategy is done, implementation is weaving its way through the book this year. This ROE, de-risking ROE thing, well, that just presupposes that you're getting paid for the risk, but if you don't get paid for the risk and you stop taking it, you are pretty close up. And that is not even risk adjusted, so when I said 8 travels to double digit, a lot of that has to do with a continuing effort on our expenses, which is a significant task for us over the next several years and that's why it's that journey is a little longer, hope that helps.
Brian Duperreault: Well first of all, the AAL is one measure, right, but it's not the only measure of risk, right, so you've got a lot of risk kinds of measurements that you should deploy. Well, let's see, this AAL number is a moving, it's moving, right. Obviously, it's moving for a lot of reasons, we're reducing concentrations as I said earlier, we're changing risk profile in terms of per risk size, the per risk limits that are being deployed out there and the reinsurance is being put into effect. So you have to understand that the AAL is a moving number right now, getting better. So when we feel we've got a good number, I would not have any problem, tell me what it is, so I'm not hung up about it, but I can tell you it's moving south. And it's not the only measure though.
Brian Duperreault: Okay. So let me just close here. Thanks, Meyer. Let me just close here and I – first of all, I want to thank you for participating on our extended call today and bearing with us. We had a lot that we wanted to talk about. I hope we gave you a good sense of the hard work we've been doing and continue to do it here at AIG. You know maybe it's a cliché, but it's absolutely true, our greatest strength is our colleagues and I want to thank them all for all they're doing, not just for the company but for our clients and our stakeholders. Thanks, guys and have a good day.
Mark Lyons: Yeah. We can tag team that. Hi, Kai. So let me address that in kind of two ways, a conceptual approach so you kind of -- you get it and a partial numerical approach. So, first off, if you look at how the book has changed and you look at some of the issues, all areas of the book have gotten a lot of focus. Now, North American commercial is a book that, as I said before, a lot of recurring pain points, it’s probably got a little more focus on it. But good kind of improvements. So when you look at fourth quarter of last year to fourth quarter of this year, North American commercial was 31% of the earned premium, now it's 36% of the earned premium where all the focus has been. And with Validus and Glatfelter coming into play, that's going to be pushing a little bit more and they've got very good, Glatfelter in particular, very good program results and the program unit terminated about 20 programs. So you can see loss ratio improvement, because of what’s left and new business coming in with Glatfelter that’s going to help that [skew] [ph]. Secondly, we've talked about rate changes that we've gotten on the book that overall average like 4%, 4% really belies mixtures by unit. And when you get into North American commercial, first, rate changes are on a gross basis and what's going to happen in 2019 is going to be a little different [skew] [ph] to where the rate increases are a little bit higher and therefore there's more distance between loss trend and achieved rate change, so keep that in mind. Next is think about that with all the reinsurance that Peter described, you're going to have a changing mix more so on a net basis that we believe is to our favor. So that's important I think to recognize. So on top of that, when you think about portfolio construction, it's just as important. I mean, we focus on rate change, but rate change is just a piece of the pie, it's just as important to understand the impacts on the book by what left. So what got non renewed and what was the economics associated with that versus what stayed on the books and what got on to the books and that's a pretty material incremental improvement and as Peter highlighted, when you change your underwriting risk appetite to make them clear to the outside and you start -- you get more lasered and focused to the kinds of risks that you want and therefore the quality of the average flow into the business is superior. By doing nothing else, you've increased the rate adequacy, by doing nothing else, so you've got all that. So we, on the portfolio construction, all that aspect is a little more conceptual. So let's get back into some of the numbers. So we just had a 98.8 and you can throw on whatever cat, load you choose for that. So that was a 63.9 and a 34.9. So okay, you asked a sequential question, so we got 22 points roughly of X. Let's assume that doesn't change, even though there will be a lot of actions taken place to improve that. Let's assume that doesn't change. You get the fixed expenses, which we demonstrably show massive improvement on. So rate changes are going to help that, because you're going to -- everything else being equal, you're going to get a bigger premium base, it's going to help the loss ratio. So just on the margin expansion, without giving any credit to the portfolio change, you're going to be in my view in the middle 96s on that regard without cat or AAL. So even if everything else I talked about from the rate changes growth, how it's better on a net basis, the fact that there's effective rate changes on the book by what left, not just what we report, let’s just say that's worth a point and there's no way, it's only a point. Let's just say it's a point, you're at 95.5, so pick your cat load, you want to pick 4, you want to pick 3, you want to pick 4.5, we’re there. So that's how I view it.
Mark Lyons: Yeah. I also applaud you, Elyse. I think that’s like three question, part A through H. So the question about accident year 18, were there any movements, there were some ups and downs, but the net was 30 basis points on basically $7 billion for the whole year, so it’s $40 million. So it’s nothing to get excited about. And there was one other one, right. Validus
Mark Lyons: Yeah. It's a good question. If you look at history, you're going to see it’s bounced all over the place, it’s a lot of different lines of business, it’s 80 countries, reflecting kind of like what my prepared comments on FL, internationally get a poppier out of India, then you get one out of APAC, and then let’s break the next quarter, but if you look back to the full accident year of ‘18 and the full accident year of ’17, they're basically mirror images of each other. One was 65.2%, one was 65% even. So, you're going to get pop. So sequentially, I don't think gives you any information content.
Mark Lyons: So with respect to November, so when we looked in for the fourth quarter effectively backwards, there's really no adjustments of note on anything prior reviewed. So, as far as I'm concerned, those numbers are stable, like the reallocation between couple of lines, but in the average, nothing moved. So if you're -- by end of November, you're really talking about Goldman's December 5th conference, which I assume you're referring to December 5th already.
Mark Lyons: Yeah. Just the fact that, I think what we said on last quarter's call that we don't need a hard market to improve this book. It comes back to the composition and what we’re letting go if we can't get rate and structure that we want and what's coming in and everybody focuses on price, I get it, because it's measurable and it’s something you can compare, but a whole flow of business, a whole understanding of the cat exposures, the whole structure, price is last and that's what we measure.
Mark Lyons: Tom, just one thing on your preface on that AAL. AAL is explosive, the underlying risk associated with AAL, right. So it's just that that's in your face. Cat occurs, earthquake occurs, front page of The Journal where everybody can focus on it, that’s why with cat bonds, everyone thinks they understand the model risk and all that. Now look at the history of AIG, look at the history of any large company. It's the deferred risk, not immediate risk associated with casualty business. So primary casually, excess comp, I mean look at it at the past of the industry. That risk is simply deferred, but it's as big and real and more capital exposed as property, but everybody gives a short shrift, but that's what you have to focus on and that's what Peter and his team has done.
Peter Zaffino: Yeah. I think as Mark said, I mean, when we looked at it in terms of looking at how we're going to be below 100, it was the mix of the business, it was going to be how we were reducing the volatility in the portfolio and we ended up having a forecasted better accident year loss ratio, the reinsurance then reduced volatility, but also shifted that balance as Mark said on the overall loss ratio. So we'll see casualty business in the US having a bigger [session] [ph], so therefore a better balance. And then I don't want to lose sight again of Validus and what Glatfelter will contribute. And as Brian said, on the expense side, we saw a lot of ramping up of the acquisition expenses this year. That was from a portfolio shift in addition, when you looked at the comparisons in ’17, there were some onetime anomalies, so it looked like it was growing a little bit more and we've been addressing the general operating expenses in the back half of the year, so while you didn't see perhaps a lot of material impact in the first half of ’18, you saw it in the back half of ‘18 and we believe that that will continue to not only sustain, but we're going to be focused on it throughout the year. So I think when you look at all those different components, you get to below 100.
Peter Zaffino: No. I think it's fair and we don't see acquisition expenses increasing in 2019. We just had, like you, said the ramp up of shift in portfolio and then again having some tough comparables year-over-year and believe that we will continue to focus on the GOE and don't expect to see expenses go up in acquisition.
Peter Zaffino: This is Peter. Is it with or without cat, because if it’s with cat, it was not accretive because the one that if you look at ’17, they're very good at how they buy reinsurance, but ’17, if you look at the comparables, was more active in the third quarter than the fourth quarter. So if you look at both quarters together, it was roughly the same in terms of what contributes to net cat, if you take out cat, it was in the range of where we were as general insurance. So it wasn't terribly far off, but.
Peter Zaffino: Well, certainly the multi-year should have bled off by that, no question about that. I’ll let Kevin talk about.
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Meyer. The portfolio will continue to shrink on a net premium earned basis because we just placed a 50% quota share of the first 25 million and life property, we have been reducing the gross limits substantially, so that portfolio will continue to be recalibrated and again you'll have the impact of the reinsurance in 2019 and 2020.
Kevin Hogan: Yes. That is correct. We are assuming that comparable also on the ROE, ‘19 versus ’18. In terms of equity markets, we're assuming a modest improvement in the equity markets from where they were as of the end of the year.
Kevin Hogan: Getting back to, some stuff is going clearly, but we're not like getting wholesale out of a lot of business, but what Brian said is key. You can stay -- we could – if we have 100 risks, we could still stay on the 100 risk, but on a different place on the structure where the risk reward trade-off is better, 100% renewal retention on the account and the volume is down 33%, but it's a better loss ratio expectation. That's what you've got to internalize.
Kevin Hogan: Yeah. So Meyer, on the expenses, I think I mean if you look year-over-year right, ‘18 versus ’17, we had a reported increase in GOE of about 110 million, 40 million of which were one-time items in ‘17 that helped ‘17 and don't repeat. So, the expense increase base is about 70 million. Around half of that is actually directly associated with new business growth. Obviously, our premiums and deposits are way up, serving those policies, et cetera, has its additional burden. So relative to the projects, we're certainly getting an immediate benefit from those and we'll continue to invest what we need to in order to keep up with the increasing regulatory demands and customer expectations, but a part of that increase in GOE is related to new business and so to the extent that our new business continues to grow, then, we're going to continue to see new business expenses associated with that growth.
Andrew Kligerman: First question goes on Mark. Last quarter on the call, late November, you talked about how you had reviewed much of the book and saw no material red flags upon that material review. So Mark, I'm wondering, I think you mentioned a little earlier something about amortization. I'd like a little clarity on what you saw subsequent to that November call and what your confidence is with regard to prior year development goings into 2019.
Andrew Kligerman: So, I understand the business mix and the pricing increases, but where I'm not getting the math is, if I make an estimate of Validus and Glatfelter premium, I still see 2019 over ‘18 getting a premium increase and even with the rate increases, which you say are about 4%, if I subtract that out, maybe premium were about flat. And so I guess, how are you going to get this loss ratio improvement, what business are you departing that would get this improvement, if premium is so flat, it's just hard to see what the moving parts are that are going to get you this this loss ratio improvement, so maybe you could give me a little math on what's going away and what's coming in and still being able to maintain flat premium.
Andrew Kligerman: Yeah. Just very broadly then, I mean, because what your strategy makes impeccable sense bluntly, it would sound to me with these reinsurance issues and lower limits, that at least 25% of your portfolio is turning over the good stuff in, the bad stuff out, is that a good assessment.
