Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: I heard the questions, Quentin. Sorry, I actually had a good answer too. I just was on -- not a microphone that worked. So Meyer, back to your question is that we had -- you have to look at the portfolio composition to be able to answer the question. And Validus Re obviously had meaningful growth on gross and net during the quarter. And so, therefore, it's hard to look at the cessions year-over-year when you're having a retro program that fits the portfolio that you're underwriting. We've never had a strategy that we're going to time the market with our reinsurance partners. They've always been strategic. They've always been supportive. They've always deployed the capital in support of AIG. And so we were not going to do anything, other than to try to get the appropriate terms and conditions with them and have not really changed much of our risk appetite in terms of taking that. And I think that has generated a terrific result for us on net premium written, but also on the combined ratios. So I think I wouldn't look into just one quarter in terms of discussions. And as I said, we have a lot in terms of the guidance I've given on PCG, which we will still assume a lot of risk. And I guess -- let's just play it out for the full year. We're not looking to do anything materially different. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: It really doesn't, Meyer. I mean they're really distinct businesses. I mean, certainly, our Travel and Warranty have platforms that are global and that give us capabilities across the world. But as you know, Private Client Group, in particular in the U.S., is a unique asset. Again, the guidance I gave in the prepared remarks, it's one that we believe we will grow the net premium written because we don't believe we need the quota shares anymore after the excellent job the team has done in repositioning and re-underwriting that portfolio. We have substantially less cat in aggregates that we once did. So I think that's something that will be a little different in terms of -- if you look at International. While International, we have a terrific Personal Insurance business. Some of it was affected by COVID. It's growing back, between Japan's Personal Insurance, our Global Accident & Health, which is predominantly International as well as our Travel and Warranty, which are rebounding in terms of growth. So I don't think that there's a lot of correlation between International and North America. But both we believe in and we're investing in, and you'll continue to see improvement. It will just be at a different pace because of the anomaly of the high net worth business. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Okay, thank you. This year, as I said in my prepared remarks, we are going to see a lot more net premium written. The reason for that is as we were repositioning the business over the last 2 years, we bought very low excess of loss catastrophe reinsurance. We bought a substantial quota share. We ceded a significant amount of Syndicate 2019, which also had retrocession behind that in a variety of forms. And so the net premium written was not that large as you've seen. And so part of the repositioning with Stone Point and having an MGA, one is that we think there's tremendous growth opportunities that exist in the business with other capital providers and believe that how we have repositioned the business through rate increases and disciplined underwriting on the admitted side, and then also the non-admitted became an option for us to have flexibility in form and rate. And so that was very positive for us in terms of repositioning the business. As we look to 2023 and beyond, we believe that the business is going to perform much better, much more profitable. And we don't need to cede off as much on the quota share. So as a result, in this particular calendar year, what you'll see is a lot of net premium written growth, improved loss ratios and both the expense ratio on an acquisition basis as well as the general operating expenses will improve. And so the overall combined ratio will improve dramatically. We're not going to be where we want to be in 2023, but believe by the time we hit 2024, those results will continue to improve. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: The team has done an incredible job of underwriting the Property line of business across all of AIG over multiple years. Our ability to reposition that portfolio, we talk a lot about aggregates, we talk a lot about reductions and we talked a lot about where we want to grow. I think we were in a terrific place as we enter 2023 from that hard work. And when I look at where we decided to grow, we constantly talk about where the best risk-adjusted returns available in the marketplace, where is our capacity most valued and where we value for clients. So when I look at where we've grown, Validus Re certainly was a big part of that. Lexington has been hitting it out of the park on just about every aspect, whether it's top line growth, retention, new business, rate, like how they actually are more relevant in the marketplace. Working with Dave McElroy and the team, we've taken back some of the Retail Property. But then in other parts of the world, we've taken it back up. So like we've repositioned the portfolio and then have coupled that with the reinsurance to reflect the portfolio it is today. So if I summarize what happened at 1/1 is that we saw terrific opportunities for Validus Re to grow. So we took the PMLs up there a little bit. We dramatically took the PMLs down in the Private Client Group substantially. Again, I gave the return period, that every return period from 1 in 20 to 1 in 1,000 was substantially reduced on all peril and, in particular, on wildfire. And we actually took the commercial book. Despite our growth in Lexington and Global Specialty, we took those PMLs down as well. So overall, when you look at the increased PMLs in the first quarter of Validus Re and the reductions that we had in the Commercial business and the Personal business, our overall PMLs are down year-over-year. I think that's a tremendous outcome when you look at where we're growing, how we're driving risk-adjusted returns, how we couple that with reinsurance and our overall net PMLs are down at all the critical return periods. So I think all of that's been purposeful. The team has done an unbelievable job executing. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Great. Thank you. We're always looking at the portfolio and looking at areas where we can add, where we can improve the overall structure of AIG and looking at the different parts of the world that we compete in. I think Crop is a little bit anomalous just because we really do believe it's a very good business, but you know how it works, which is driven by commodity prices and yields. And I think that having scale is really important. While the top line that we publish on a gross and net basis is significant, that's gone up 40%, 50%, if not more, over the past several years based on those components. And we believe that Crop Risk Services, in order for it to achieve its ultimate potential that being part of a bigger enterprise and one that valued it like Great American, was the prudent approach for us at this time. And so that was something that was specific to that business. It was specific to how we look to strategically position AIG for the future and also making certain that with Crop Risk Services, it had a great opportunity to scale and realize this potential. So I feel like we really found a very good partner and that's really what drove the outcome for CRS. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. Thanks, Alex. I'll try to expand a bit on it. Because as you can imagine, there's not a lot of more detail that I can really share beyond my prepared remarks. We do believe the secondary is the preferred path. But obviously, it's subject to market conditions as we saw in the first quarter, but we're prepared to go in the second quarter. Our objective has not changed, which is for AIG to reduce its ownership stake in Corebridge over time. And so I think it's prudent, looking at a variety of different options to make sure that we're driving value for shareholders and provide a path that will recognize the value of Corebridge. Corebridge has done a terrific job since we've announced that we were going to commence upon doing an IPO, getting themselves positioned to be an independent public company and the stock was trading at a deep discount in the first quarter. I mean one of the alternatives, I don't think we're going to go much beyond this, was what we announced on Laya Healthcare. And so making sure we're sticking to the core business of Corebridge. And we'll just give you updates as the weeks and over the next month progresses. But we're prepared and are very excited about hopefully getting the secondary done in the second quarter. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. So we try to provide as much detail as we could on the expense savings. Certainly, let me start with AIG 200 because we still have more to earn through on AIG 200 savings in 2023 and 2024. So over 50% of that will be earned in mostly through the second and through fourth quarter of 2023. We have begun to separate Corebridge. And -- but upon deconsolidation, approximately $300 million of the AIG Corporate expenses will move to Life and Retirement. So that's another variable that you need to consider. We also gave guidance as we're working through our future state business model, $250 million to $350 million of parent expenses. And then the remaining will be worked through to fit the business model in terms of what we're designing for the future of AIG. We want to make sure that we have a lean model that's not synonymous with expense cutting, but it is how we're going to be in each market, how we face off with our clients and our distribution partners to maximize growth and all the opportunities that present them themselves to AIG and making sure that we have a structure that supports that. Sequencing is important. We've been working on a variety of different initiatives that are substantial, and we're performing out all of them, making certain that General Insurance has the capital and support it needs to grow in this market; repositioning some of our businesses, which we covered in my prepared remarks; making sure we complete AIG 200, the operational separation; preparing to do the secondary; advancing Corebridge capital structure; and then making sure that we're working to get this future state business model implemented, but it has to be in that order. And we've given you the guidance. We've done the work. We know that's the savings that we'll achieve. Some of that's going to go into the business. And so the business has to get rationalized and leaner in order to be able to absorb more expenses. But our commitment is the $500 million in addition to the guidance that we've given in the other components. And we're highly confident we'll execute on that at the right time, meaning we've got to get these other things further along. And then when we have clear line of sight in terms of separation, we'll be able to execute on the target operating model. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Brian. Certainly, Validus contributed a meaningful amount to the growth. But look, we bought a lot of retro. It's the first quarter. It's not all property. So each quarter is a bit different in terms of not being able to straight line it. Crop Risk Services had low single-digit growth. So that was not a contributor at all in terms of net premium written. We had very strong, as I said, growth in our Specialty business, in Lexington, in our Property, offset a little bit by Financial Lines. But I put the guidance in there because I feel very confident that we're going to have strong growth throughout the year. Even though the quarters are a little bit different, businesses like Europe is heavy 1/1. And we start to have sort of different mix of business over the second, third and fourth. But I feel seeing the pipeline, looking at how you grow, I mean, the first thing I would look at is what's the client retention and how is the new business, what's happening with rate and are we growing in the businesses that we want to. And I think we are checking all the boxes here and see that those businesses have more opportunity in the future, not less. And so I think the growth that you saw in the first quarter, obviously, there's a mix of business, but I would expect to see similar growth throughout the rest of the year. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. Thanks, Brian. Yes, we are seeing that. I mean, again, it's early in the second quarter, but views on April. And as we look to the rest of the second quarter, we're seeing Property continue to firm up and getting stronger than it was in the first quarter. So that's something that we're trying to be focused on clients, making sure we're driving value and we have a lot of capital to deploy. So we expect to be trading actively in the second quarter. Okay. Well, thank you, everybody. Sorry for the 1-minute hiccup on the microphone, but greatly appreciate you dialing in, and I wish everybody a great day. Thank you. 
