Mark Lyons;Executive VP & CFO: Yes. Thank you, Peter. So I think Peter answered it very well. But what I'll do is just reemphasize that, yes, I mean the context of your question, we gave that original guidance before there was any spike of inflation. But like I think any good company, you don't forecast just a point estimate. You're forecasting a range, and those ranges vary by line of business, and they all meld together. And even with the changing inflation assumptions, we'd still be inside that range. So we're comfortable with that. 
Mark Lyons;Executive VP & CFO: Yes, happy to. And thank you, Meyer, for the question. So I think on that side, first, on the reserve side, when you look at our view of inflation and severity trends and so forth, you really got to separate short-tailed lines from longer-tailed lines, right? And like in our view, the evidence within our own information as well as looking at external indices, whether it's from the perspective of the purchaser or the seller, it's clearer with -- in property-oriented lines.  And it's probably worth noting, back to Peter's comment on mix, is that less than 10% of our pre-ADC reserves are property. So it can't move the needle too much anyway. So I don't really view that as an issue.  And in terms of nonproperty, we've gone through looking at various basis point scenarios of lift and for various durations associated with it. And we still feel that all of that is pretty contained. And don't forget, especially on longer-tailed lines, there's still a high proportion of total reserves subject to the ADC on recoverables as well.  So in terms of the -- your first part of your question with regard to the arithmetic versus what's there, I think we've addressed this before, Meyer, but I'm happy to give some comments again. which is the book has changed so dramatically from policy year '18, '19, '20 '21 and its accident year conversions that you need a margin of safety associated with it because nobody backs a thousand on these things. But there's been a radical change in the quality of the risk, the distribution strategy that Dave McElroy and his team have instituted getting much better risk portfolio churn purposely done to improve it, all the limit changes that Peter has talked about over time. And as a result, the arithmetic just doesn't pan out, let alone the change in mix that has been purposeful, let alone the change in net mix. So all of those changes simultaneously require, in our view, a reasonable range of margin of safety, and that's what you're seeing. 
Mark Lyons;Executive VP & CFO: Yes. Thank you, Peter. Yes, I think your point about mix is right on point. And remember, there's 2 mixes. You've got the mix on the front end and then you got the mix changes that manifest by the reinsurance purchases and how they earn in over time. So you got both of those factors.  I think, secondly, there's also the realization that, over time, the property and shorter-tailed businesses over the last couple of years are a -- you got to watch the mix of that over time. And therefore, with the mix of medium- and longer-term lines that have volatility associated with them that you got to watch kidding yourself that the quarter-by-quarter is super predictable. If you get the accident year right, I'm happy. Accident quarter by accident quarter is a little bit more of an academic exercise. So I think that may be some of what you're seeing. 
