Elizabeth Werner: Thank you and good morning, everyone. Welcome to AIG's discussion of our second quarter 2013 results. Speaking this morning will be Bob Benmosche, President and CEO, David Herzog, Chief Financial Officer, Peter Hancock, CEO of AIG Property Casualty and Jay Wintrob, CEO of AIG Life and Retirement. Other members of senior management are also in the room and will be available for the question-and-answer period. Before we get started this morning, I would like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ possibly materially from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first quarter 2013 Form 10-Q and our 2012 Form 10-K under Management's Discussion and Analysis and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and expressly disclaims any obligation or update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in our financial supplement, which is available on AIG's website, www.aig.com. Now, I would like to turn the call over to Bob.
Elizabeth Werner: Operator, I think since we are getting close to 9:00, we will only be able to take one more question but please reach out after the call with your additional questions and we will certainly do our best to follow up as soon as possible.
Elizabeth Werner: Thank you again for joining us this morning. Certainly, if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to ask and we look forward to speaking with you next quarter.
David Herzog: Yes. Thanks, Bob, and good morning, Josh. As we think about our capital management where we have discussed in the past, a targeted capital structure and where we are nearing that optimal mix of debt and capital. We still do have some expensive hybrids out that are of interest to us but that will occur overtime. We have taken an approach with the agencies, with the other various stakeholders with respect to our capital management that we first raise the deployable capital, get it to the holding company, we then run through a rigorous set of internal stress tests and analytics and then we consider the best way to deploy the capital. So we do not get up in front of ourselves with respect to spending it before we get it.
David Herzog: And Jimmy, it's David, with respect to your ILFC question. As I said in my remarks, ILFC is a non core asset and we will pursue our plan to dispose of it, either through a sale or through an IPO. With respect to the sale, again you would ask about the breakup fee, the deposit is not a break up fee but we will protect our rights through that deposit. So that's all I would say with respect to that. Then, with respect to the 51%, yes, that is the level at which we see deconsolidate it and we, of course, would evaluate market conditions and valuations, et cetera, at the time of an idea to optimize the value of that monetization for the benefit of AIG and our stakeholders. So we haven't set any term in notion, but we will optimize the value.
David Herzog: Well, we just said, that is not as any more than that. This will protect them. It's not a breakup fee, which was your question and we will pursue our rights under the terms of the contract.
David Herzog: What he said was, let me be really clear, that in total you see the emergence of a pattern that the actuaries are comfortable with is not a short-term lift but in fact but that's what we call vectors in math but you tend to look at it over an extended period of time, then you have a clear pattern. Until that emerges, they are not going to make some early judgments. The judgments they make or what they believe is the best estimate and the most accurate estimate based on the data that they are seeing. So they want to see more of a measurable period before they make any judgment. So that's what he said and so don't misinterpret it.
David Herzog: Thanks, Josh. Again to recap, we have done a total to-date of about little over $18 billion. With the $13 billion of equity we did last year equity buyback, little over $3 billion of debt capital management going after some of the callable, very expensive hybrids the recent share buyback we just announced on the authorization and then the couple of years worth of the dividend they sort of add up to $18 billion. And you are right, so we have got 7 to 12 to go and I think with the fundamental foundation as we said is we have raised the deployable capital to the holding company and a very important part of that is the dividend flows that both Jay and Peter referred to is, raise the deployable capital. In addition to that, we have the ILFC proceeds that are unencumbered of the holding company and I also referenced in my comments about the tax sharing payments that in '14 should be in the $1 billion range and they grow from there and they are annual after that, so as you can see a path and we can see a path to raising the deployable capital on the net debt is input to the framework that Bob laid out in terms of how we and how the board and the various stakeholders think about how we go about deploying it. It's likely. Again, it's going to be opportunistic as we have done in the past. [It is going]. We will be prudent and I think Bob laid out a very clear framework for how we think about it and how you should think about it.
Peter Hancock: We haven't disclosed the attachment point on the reinsurance but suffice it to say that we don't expect to pierce it. But on the other hand, we are not too far from it when you actually look at what we expect the ultimate to be. But where we are in terms of the remaining tail, we are about 50% settled and about a third paid, cash out the door and on the Sandy claims. But there is a still a number of repairs underway, as we speak. So it will be probably another quarter before we really get to a final number.
Peter Hancock: No, it's very benign. Everything was immaterial in the context of our reserves. So I don't know, Jay, if you have any bigger comments.
Peter Hancock: Well, I think that I listed out the various initiatives that have led to the trend in accident year loss ratio improvement that we have had now for ten quarters and I think there is no that any of those initiatives are sort of experiencing diminishing return. So, eventually, obviously, we will experience diminishing returns, but we are making a good progress on all of them. The actuaries take time to recognize initiatives that are emerging in the loss triangles, but may not be confirmed with enough statistical significance yet, so we have sort of some line of sight into the sort of future momentum. Obviously, pricing is outside of our control, but again as I mentioned, where we felt there was the greatest pricing inadequacy in the U.S. casualty lines, we have seen quite good pricing trends. And in Europe, where the pricing has been a bit softer, we already had pretty decent adequacies, so I see no change in my level of confidence that we will accomplish that target.
Peter Hancock: As I have said before on the expenses, yes we are spending on infrastructure and a number of analytical resources, data improvements that are integral to our improved risk selection and claims handling, so we are seeing benefits in the loss ratio offset by increases in the GOE ratio and we continue to invest in acquisition costs. So, the overall expense ratio remains elevated. I would expect the GOE Ratio to come down as you point out in the sort of mid-2014 period, so a lot of the heavy lifting in terms of the investments will start to tail off. The one area though I would point out where there may be slightly more delayed expense benefits is what I announced in the comments earlier, which is the merger savings between AIU and Fuji Fire and Marine, which is a very substantial merger integration effort that will take some time to execute because of the sheer scale of it. It's between the two companies almost 6,000 people, so it's very substantial.
Peter Hancock: I would just follow up and we have said this I believe on our previous call and that is, Jay and his team are holding through a very strong discipline. Because, when you think about rising interest rates and I don't need to if you look at book values this quarter, you all understand it clearly of what can happen with rising interest rates. You don't want to have a very tightly priced fixed annuity books at these rates right now. If you do see a couple of 100 basis points rise, that will be very helpful for AIG and for Jay's business but if you have a large block of low interest rate annuities, fixed annuities in that kind of environment, you could see some expenses disintermediation. So a part of our hedging strategy is to make sure we don't have an oversized book at these levels that we have to worry about rates going up and what happened to that block. So I think right now we see rising interest rates at least for the first couple of hundred basis points is a big positive for the company.
Peter Hancock: And I would also add that the reserve adjustments that you witnessed in the last two and a half years have been largely related to older accident years and I have been talking about accident year loss ratios and the impact of new underwriting guidelines and risk selection techniques. So they will take longer to emerge. So I think they are really separate issues.
Peter Hancock: Sure. So the big noise in the quarter is the yen exchange rate, so there is a very, very portion of our consumer business in Japan, so you need to strip that out before you even think about it. There's I think some significant opportunities in Japan to improve profitability as we talked about in terms of both, the expenses but also as we reinvigorate the brand in Japan. Outside of Japan, there's another sort of one-off item that came through the loss ratio, but not net income which is in one very large extended warranty program where there is an offsetting profit sharing agreement that is not in this. It's an issue geography on the income statement, so that's a one-off adjustment you need to make when you look at the loss ratio in second quarter. Beyond that, I think that the emerging market story is very positive in terms of long-term profitability and growth, but the start up costs of that are quite substantial so that adds to the expense ratio. We have talked many times about the direct marketing business, which we feel has excellent lifetime profitability over customer relationships, but has pretty unfavorable GAAP accounting, so we want to take a measured approach to how much of that we do, but we like it from a marginal ROE point of view over the lifetime of the customer relations based on the persistency that we have been seeing in that book. So we will be doing that in a number of additional countries. So I think, in general, we see continued growth in consumer. I think we have opportunities to focus more than we do today. We operate in 90 countries. So I think that that will bring some efficiency gains and the conversions to common technology platforms will make it also more efficient.
Robert Benmosche: We informed the Fed of everything we are doing of any consequence, so that they are aware of any issues we have. So they don't read about it in the paper. So yes, there are our regulator. They are in many of our meetings. They are in my of leadership meetings, attending. So this is important that you keep your regulator understanding what you are doing and you are very transparent with that regulator. So they are aware of not only this, but everything else we are doing.
Robert Benmosche: And by the way, Jay, the key is the rating agencies and right now, that's where we go and if the rating agencies said we are having some concerns with what you are doing, I can assure you, we would not have done it.
Robert Benmosche: I would appreciate giving you all advanced notice but we will continue to do what's prudent, and we will continue to evaluate different options and different techniques and we will let you know when we are done and we will keep you posted as we are buying back what the average price per share is.
Robert Benmosche: I am going to turn it over to David but I would say that first, really we said dividends, capital management but our first priority is to find businesses that maybe strategic and make sense for AIG and are not close closed blocks, but growing blocks. So we like to continue to invest our money in those businesses. We are going to continue to look at the best way to deploy our capital with the stock price as you saw last night, we are at that and you have our book value and you see what's going on. Obviously as you get closer and closer to book, you want to think more carefully about what you are doing. As you get order book, you think a lot about what you want to do, so I think all of that is an over arching concept which is not new. David, wants to talk about the particulars on our aspirational goals.
