Bob Benmosche: Thanks, Liz, and good morning everybody. I want to be brief because I want to leave time for David, Peter and Jay as they go their parts of the report. But the most important message I think that comes out of the first quarter of 2012 is the strong organic growth of this company and the strength of our insurance businesses, and I think you can see with that performance alone that we are well on our way to achieve our aspirational goal. So we are gaining more and more confidence that we can continue to grow, grow effectively and grow profitably. However, there is a lot of things that happened in this quarter which I think are monumental. First is the fact of our ability to monetize non-core assets. As you saw, we sold another $6 billion of AIA as well as our Blackstone interest. This is important because it allowed us to do a lot of things in the first quarter that gives us financial flexibility as we look to the future. So for example, we were able to buy $3 billion of our shares when the Treasury made their offer in March. That’s significant in my mind because what one of the debates we have is the overhang, and what affect the overhang has on our company. Conventional wisdom has been, as long as Treasury has a large position; $29 is probably the ceiling for the stock. We believe that our performance and we keep growing this company the right way, we believe that earnings will actually be what determines the value of this stock, and I think our performance since then has demonstrated that, at least the market has shown that. In addition to that, confidence in our company is growing. When you look at our CDS spreads and where we are today, in fact, in the 190s. So that’s all part of how the market has reacted to what we did in March but also we were able to pay down the SPV of $8.6 billion. So now we are free to deal with other non-core assets as we go forward. So we still have AIA’s position. We are still looking to find the right time to do an IPO for ILFC and you can see that the Federal Reserve has started to sell down the Maiden Lane III portfolio. Beyond capital management, which is important, but it’s the core results of this company which is more important. So if you look at Chartis, we see loss ratios improving, we see rate coming in and we see a better mix of our business, but keep in mind that and I – we sometimes forget it, when it comes to the insurance business, it takes time to see these improvements emerge in our financials. We had a lower cats, which is good for the quarter, but more importantly as you see our reserves continue to have modest movement where the movement this quarter was about 0.1%. When you consider the size of those reserves, that’s nominal. So we really have had five quarters now of very good performance there. I know some people are still concerned about the reserves and that’s why we’re doing everything we can to provide you as much information as we can. So you can see in a transparent way what we have and what we are dealing with. SunAmerica continues to do well. You see the investment results are stronger as we invested that cash and keep reinvesting cash effectively. But more importantly you see positive cash flows again in their various products. Annuity – variable annuity sales were up and the good news is, we have very well positioned product, it’s not aggressive in any one feature and we are balanced in the features that we sell and so we feel comfortable we’re going to continue to see good growth and Jay will talk about that. And of course, as you look at just the delinquency ratios and so on down the line, you see at UGC those are improving as well as our new business is growing and we’re growing with our new performance premium algorithm, which means that we’re putting very good business on the books as we grow that and in fact they had made a profit in the first quarter of this year. So that’s a good business for us. So overall, all of our businesses are profitable, we’re continuing to grow, we see growth improving over time and our performance will improve over time. So what I like to do now is turn it over to David who will take you through the numbers.
Bob Benmosche: And I think that the bottom line here is that we had talked to everybody a year ago on the re-IPO that we were looking at 2014 second half as the beginning of receiving cash out of the ML III and we talked to ML II our cash wouldn’t come until 2015 possibly. So we have already seen all that come in and what this basically says is we won’t have to wait till 2014 second half to begin to deal with the liquidity opportunities this would create for us. So again that plus the paying down of the SPV a year early gives us enormous flexibility we did not think we would have until the middle to the end of next year at the earliest, so we’re already there.
Bob Benmosche: And the other piece I would add to it is that if you look at our year-over-year flows, we are concerned about fixed annuities at these low interest rate levels. We don’t want to build a large book at low interest rates and then be concerned about disintermediation, if and when we see an uptick in rates and especially if there is a rapid uptick in rate. So, that you’ll see a decline in sales and that’s one we are being very strong in terms of maintaining balance on getting our return and being careful what we put on our book. So, it’s really about the fixed annuity more so than the variable annuity that we’d be most concerned by. Coming back to SIFI and capital, the key to being regulated by the Fed and the impact of capital management is you’d better have a very good well-documented process. So you have to know what you’re doing, how you’re doing it, show and demonstrate that you do it; and we believe we have got a team that’s excellent, we’re working through that and we’re pretty confident that if and when the Fed arrives that we will have the process in place that will allow them to judge whether we have any constraints on our ability to continue capital management. So, we won’t know till they get here. We won’t know till we run their systems and they verify what we’ve done but we feel pretty comfortable that were in pretty good shape, and then we don’t see any significant impact to our ability other than to comply with their rules and regulations and time frames.
Bob Benmosche: What I’m saying is that if the Fed arrives, and when they determine they are our regulator, then they will decide. We don’t see the constraint but we have to go through their stress test process and their review and their audits to make sure that we are okay. And I think that the constraint might be more time in our view but could be wrong but we’re thinking it’s more about when we could do things, not if we could do things, especially when they go through the company for the very first time.
Bob Benmosche: In the meantime, we see no constraint right now to our capital management. We’re going to continue to look at our capital, look at our non-core assets, the selling of ILFC is not only about capital management, it’s about recognizing it’s a non-core business. It has a huge debt load and it’s a business that doesn’t fit in the insurance business and so we feel that that’s a business we would not be in. And to the extent it provides us a lot more capital, that’s great, because it helps us with capital management but it’s also about de-risking the company and that’s another aspect of it. So it’s in combination, we’re doing things that make the most sense for this company, it’s credit ratings and our future.
Bob Benmosche: Let me just make one other comment on the compensation part, and it’s something that if you looked at the compensation of program here at AIG, the variable portion of the compensation for the underwriters that you are talking about is actually unfortunately too small. It’s mostly a fixed income. You have very little variable comp. And we need to, as we become much more performance based, we are actually trying to increase that a little bit as we go forward. So we don’t see that as a big incentive one way or the other. It’s really about the quality of the way you do your job, so you don’t have the kind of leverage that you are used to seeing in your own businesses.
Bob Benmosche: I think we are going to take a look at what that is when we do it and what’s available and what makes the most sense for our shareholders and that’s what we’ll do. I can’t give you any more color than that. I think if you look at what we’ve done so far that we’ve got a pretty good track record of putting the money where it makes the most sense.
Bob Benmosche: Yeah, let me just answer it just briefly that the planes have been repossessed and actually re-leased and all the accounting, everything else, pretty much is done in this quarter, so I think you will see some drag in the remaining three quarters, as we go through this but the teams did an outstanding job of getting those planes back. Some of them were not re-leased, but they were actually put in part out. As you know, we’ve bought the part-out company which gives us an option where if we don’t think we can get a good price for planes, we don’t have to be struck with them on the ground. We have a chance to get good value out of just taking them apart and selling them through that Aero Turbine organization so I think overall a quick reaction and all the numbers were in the first quarter that you can see other than a drag a little bit in terms of income going forward.
Bob Benmosche: Yeah look, we are constantly looking at what we have and making sure that the biggest constraint we have amongst ourselves is to do what makes the most sense to continue to show strength in our credit ratings and how we use the money here and we will continue to look and examine what we have and we will do what is most prudent at that time. So I don’t know it until I know it, until everybody around this table says that that makes sense to do. So that’s about all I can tell you.
David Herzog: Thank you, Jay. And before I go over to Liz on – to kick off Q&A, I just would remind everybody on page 13 of highlights of United Guaranty, the highlights of which I covered in my opening remarks. So, Liz, back to you.
David Herzog: Yes, it’s a fair point, that’s a good question. That was the CVA and when our credit spread. So again, directionally if you look at what’s happening with our credit spreads, we had – our credit spreads came in 275 this quarter and we had a $580 million hit in that book. Now again, so what that means is our credit spreads came in much more than the credit spreads of the assets that we’ve invested in. So the whole book is or that piece of the book is marked to market. So we had a disproportionate improvement in ours, which is good news, I mean it’s terrific, that our credit spreads are tightening. So that’s the biggest driver of it.
David Herzog: You mean in terms of the CVA, I think you can – I would think it’s – there is going to be volatility in that number, in that mark. So I think that’s the way you have to look at it and map it back.
David Herzog: That’s correct. Josh this is David, just to – I want to add on to what Bob said with respect to Malév, there was no impairment in the quarter or last quarter with respect to Malév. Those planes – we had those planes valued accordingly in anticipation of that, so we did have some impairment charges this quarter, but it did not relate to Malév.
David Herzog: Yeah. We’ve – that we’ve already on AIA, we’ve already taken the book tax expense. So I think it’s the way to think about if the tax basis is less than that because of the timing of when we were filing tax returns etcetera, but it’s again, I think from a utilization standpoint the way to model it is just to think about the fair value. That’s the easiest way to think about it.
David Herzog: Sure. First, there are no specific assets in the DIB or MIP that are specifically pledged against debt. There is a pool of assets and those assets will generate cash flows that we believe will be more than adequate to meet the needs of the DIB. When ML III is monetized, we will then determine using a number of sort of tests that we look at, what the appropriate level of capital and liquidity for the DIB is. To the extent there is excess capital in the DIB, we should be able to use that freely at parent based on whatever opportunities we feel will maximize shareholder value. It is our expectation based on our numbers now that a portion of the Maiden Lane III assets will remain in the DIB but that there should be a substantial portion of excess value that we will be able to have discretion over how we use.
Peter Hancock: Well, the first thing is that we think about capital through an economic lens first, but recognize that life in an insurance company with multiple constraints is a little bit more complex than that. So we look at multiple binding constraints whether they be rating agency view of capital or regulatory view of capital. But we start with our true north, which is an economic view of risk which drives the amount of capital needed to support that risk. Secondly, consistent with our reorganization, we think about it globally. So the commercial lines run by John Doyle, has under him individuals responsible for the global allocation of capital. So George Stratts, for instance running Global Property, thinks about optimal capital allocation to where he is getting fairly compensated for the exposure we’re taking. We measure performance using risk-adjusted profitability, which is ROE minus a cost of capital, times the amount of capital deployed. That metric is still in its early stages of implementation, but we have it calculated at a fairly granular level, and it’s increasingly being used as a measure of people’s success. In terms of incentives, we think that the right way to incentivize people in this business is over the medium to long term. So any single period risk-adjusted profit number needs to be put in a broader context. We are in particular looking at changes and improvement as opposed to the absolute number, but we feel that there has been much more rapid uptake of this framework for thinking about how to properly balance growth, profitability and risk towards growing value than I could ever have hoped. So I’m very pleased with the progress.
Peter Hancock: Well, I think that there are some one-off items that make the recent short-term trend in the expense ratio inconsistent with what my longer-term trend expectation would be. So I would expect the expense ratio towards the end of the year to be between 32% and 33%. But to be honest, we are absolutely focused not on targeting a specific expense ratio. We’re really looking at the ROE and making the right trade-off between stable loss ratio improvement and whatever it takes to spend to get that in terms of infrastructure, distribution to get the best mix of sustainable business. So, the infrastructure investments that are sort of heavy in nature are going to sort of peak in mid-2013. We have talked about that consistently over the last year, and the benefits from those will be long-term cost advantages and scalability of platforms through better shared services and so on. But importantly, I look at the large amount of expense that’s in claims that’s classified within the loss ratio and I really want to be agnostic about whether a cost is classified as loss ratio or expense ratio. I’m not trying to – given the huge variety of businesses that we have, benchmarking our expense ratio against others is very hard to do, and so the bottom line on a risk-adjusted basis is a much better way to judge whether we’re making progress and we feel very good about our ability to deliver the target ROE by 2015.
Peter Hancock: Well, I think that the first thing is that we are giving clear direction to our underwriters as to how to make the tradeoff between value and volume, and to do so with a view to optimizing customer relationships that we’ve had for decades. And that means going to our customers early and really helping them with us to use our capital in a way that is most valued by them, so in the lines where we have the most distinctive capabilities. And I think one good anecdote that happened in the first quarter was a longstanding manufacturing customer of ours in the U.S. that was up for a large property renewal where we the lead, and they expected contingent business interruptions to be included in the language as it always had been. But with the events in Thailand and in Japan highlighting the very real risk to the supply chain, we were unwilling to do the renewal without much greater detail on that supply chain risk. So, we wanted to have it excluded. It was a real tipping-point moment where the customer eventually backed down. We had the exclusion. But importantly, we agreed to work together with them over the next year to really understand the risk to their supply chain so that we could include it next year but also charge for it and help them figure out what the right retention would be on that risk. So, I think that our underwriters feel they have the empowerment from management to say no when that’s the right thing to do, and to use the most sophisticated analytical tools to really help the customer manage their risk in the most sustainable way possible. So, I am seeing lots of nice examples where I think people are very aligned to make the right trade-offs.
