Brian Duperreault: Good morning, everyone. Today, I'll speak to our fourth-quarter and full-year 2017 financial results, our recent actions and my views on our strategic direction. We had a busy end to 2017 and 2018 is off to a strong start. Our fourth quarter operating earnings showed solid results across the majority of our businesses. In General Insurance, I'm pleased with the stability of our reserves and the outcome of our fourth quarter reserve review. That development for the quarter was modest and we took decisive actions where needed, which were mostly in Europe. Importantly, our efforts to stabilize and improve our U.S. Commercial business are reflected in the fourth quarter accident year underwriting improvement. Across our Personal Insurance and Life and Retirement business, we continued to see solid results and the benefits of diversification. The fourth quarter and full year were meaningfully impacted by catastrophes. California wildfires were largely in line with our third quarter estimate and the greatest contributor to our fourth quarter CAT losses. Despite full-year CAT losses of $4.2 billion, our highest ever, AIG delivered $3.2 billion on adjusted pre-tax operating income. As I mentioned in past calls, my philosophy on reinsurance is that it is an important tool for AIG to best manage its portfolio of risks. It provides another set of eyes on our underwriting, helps to manage volatility and control loss exposure. Going forward, you can expect us to be a predictable buyer of reinsurance. You will hear more from Peter about our insurance strategy and the overall market environment in General Insurance, where we see rate improvement across a number of lines. With respect to the International side of General Insurance, we took a hard look at our European Commercial portfolio and similar to our U.S. approach, we have acted decisively and prudently. International Personal Insurance had a very strong year and in fourth quarter, we completed the Japan merger that we've assessed with you on our prior calls. Peter will talk more about our focused approach to managing our International business in his remarks. As we closed out the year, I view 2017 as a starting point where we laid the foundation with respect to people, structure and underwriting. We have completed our internal structural changes in both General Insurance and Life and Retirement. These changes better position our people in the market and simplify our structure, allowing for greater efficiencies. While the company has made a lot of progress on reducing expenses over the last couple of years, an organization of our size and scale needs to be a top-quartile performer in both underwriting and expense management. We are committed to continuing to make meaningful progress in that direction in a prudent and thoughtful manner. In 2017, our reserve and underwriting action set a baseline for General Insurance. As I've said before, 2018 is The Year of the Underwriter at AIG and I'm committed to empowering underwriters and holding them accountable for driving profitable growth. A couple of weeks ago, we announced the acquisition of Validus, a significant step forward in our strategy to deliver profitable growth. Validus shares our underwriting philosophy of taking prudent risks across products and distribution. As we stated when we announced the transaction, the talent and diversification Validus brings to AIG is financially accretive and value enhancing. The company's business mix includes well-positioned companies providing new sources of growth for AIG. This year, we're also taking another important step forward in our legacy strategy with the formation of DSA Re, a Bermuda company that will manage the majority of our runoff reserves. You'll hear more from Sid on DSA's priorities. Lastly, our 2017 results reflect the impact of the tax bill on the re-measurement of our deferred tax asset, which was in line with previous expectations. We believe the tax bill will be an overall net positive for AIG over the long term and look forward to the benefits of additional economic growth. Last quarter, I spoke to the urgency this management team has to execute on our strategic priorities. I'm confident in the changes that are taking place at AIG. They are providing positive momentum for the company and its performance going forward. With that, I'll turn it over to Sid.
Brian Duperreault: Yeah. Well, capital management is a key thing in what one does. We're blessed with having the kind of capital built-out that we have and how you deploy it. I've said earlier that, to me, the buybacks are capital management tool, we'll use those that management tool when we think it's appropriate, but I would rather deal with our portfolio and the fact that there are pieces of it that I'd like to fill in, we have white space there. So, that would be my priority. Our dividend process should be long-term in nature, consistent with the kind of business we do and that would be a more steady move, right? That I wouldn't think you'd make large scale changes in your dividend approach. So, it really gets down to can I find opportunities to use the capital in a way that's accretive and structurally improving? And if I can't, we have the stock buyback as a tool.
Brian Duperreault: And I've got to give – say give credit. I mean this is all mostly happened before I arrived. And you've got to give him credit. I think when you go to a multi-year process, the harder nut is the one in front of you and I think it's probably more structural now and we have to think about it in a more structural way, which we will do. We've taken steps as you heard earlier and in putting our structure in a more intelligent position with General and Life being separate and then we'll go from there. But I can't tell you I'm going to get it done in a year.
Brian Duperreault: We're looking to each other like, I'm not sure. I don't think it's any worse. I mean, I think if you look at D&O, we've seen some different actions that have taken place. And you might say that there perhaps, it's a little worse, but with that – having said that, I can't really describe it that way, no.
Brian Duperreault: Well, yeah, we look at all of the reserves, I mean really, I mean it's not – I mean we have a detailed review of – in the scheduled way, if we see a problem, we pull it forward. We look at everything. So, I wouldn't characterize this as these were the easy ones. We look at all. I said earlier, I think 2017, to me, is a good starting point. I feel confident and I said that before in the reserve process in the way we look at the business. So, you never can predict what's going to happen next year. I'm not going to do that, but I feel confident in our understanding of what this portfolio is all about, where the issues are and what we need to address.
Brian Duperreault: That's another good – interesting question. So, we do use outside consultants or actuarial firms. So, we have several looks at it and that always gives you comfort, particularly if you are within kind of their tolerances and ranges. And I think we've gotten closer to the mean in that regard or maybe even above it a little bit, so we've – that's a standard process for us. Reserves are a lot easier when you make money. It's a lot easier. And I think ours – I tell everybody, how are we going to our reserves to improve? Make money. Make money. And that, I think attention to the portfolio, addressing the issues and addressing them early, so you nip things in the bud, reducing the volatility, so that you don't have a lot of business that just out-of-line premium to exposures. So, if it goes wrong, it can exacerbate. So, those are the things. It's a portfolio management. And I guess, in that regard, yeah, there's been some changes there, but not in the technique of actually looking at the reserves.
Brian Duperreault: Well, let me start. I think Peter can add to it. When we look at reinsurance, I mean we're looking at a lot of different things with respect to reinsurance. Some of it is – is it -- are we doing it for volatility reasons? Are we doing it for capital reasons? Are we doing it for issues around analysis, et cetera? So, we looked at our entire portfolio and is the relationship between us and the reinsurer, one, where we are truly providing benefits to both? And so, those are the decisions around all the lines of business, whether it's casualty or property. Obviously, our casualty loss ratios tend to be a little higher, but – because they have less volatility. So, you're going to have a mix change in the loss ratio just naturally between the two. The more important question is, do we feel that the portfolio itself, whether it's casualty or property producing the kind of returns? And that doesn't change. If that doesn't change, we have to deal with the profitability of that book on a gross basis and so, we're not changing our approach to improvement. We know we've got more to do in casualty and we're going to do it. But – and the property has had issues, particularly in Europe where we have to address those as well. So, it's a mix of the business question, but underlying all that is are we attacking the portfolio intelligently? And I think we are.
Brian Duperreault: All right, Jay. Well, thanks everybody for dialing in and thanks to my colleagues for great work. And we got a great year ahead of us. Thank you all.
Peter Zaffino: Well, I think it's going to be a combination of things, because that accident year loss ratio is a mix in the portfolio, you've got casualty, you've got property, you've got different combined ratios, you mix it together, maybe you want more property, probably push your loss ratio down a bit and more cash that goes up and I think you got to add the expense issue that I mentioned earlier, we've got to continue to work on our expense levels too. So, it isn't just the loss ratio that's going to get us to our level that we want to get to in terms of returns. It's going to be a mix of business and it's going to be an expense and loss combination. But we still have ways to go. I mean we're not there yet. And I think we can clearly improve that. And we've got a bit of a tailwind, which is helping us in that effort. So, that tells us we can get there a little faster. Hope that answers the question.
Peter Zaffino: Well, I mentioned that Tom recently arrived and Chris will be joining us in early March. So, we have the foundation for our core underwriting leadership. We actually have been hiring actually some significant talent at that next layer and the layer below. Ken Riegler, who just recently joined us, has taken a very prominent position within North America. Tim DeSett joined us to run our North America field. And so, we have been continuing to add very strong talent at the next layer, but we also have some really strong talents in the organization that now that we've announced the org structure, we've been putting people in positions where they can start to drive influence and improve on the accident year loss ratios in 2018 and 2019. So, I'm really very encouraged by the number of people that have shown interest and want to join and I'm really pleased with the progress that we've made to-date.
Peter Zaffino: Well, we're taking a look at – as I said, we're really pleased with where the PMLs have gone in all the return periods on our new reinsurance structure and that coupled also with reducing gross exposures in North America and different parts of the rest of the world. And I think we're going to take a hard look at AALs. I don't think it'll be commensurate to the decrease you see in the PMLs and we think we should have some benefit in 2018 from AALs and we'll give more guidance as to we get into 2018.
Peter Zaffino: Yes. As Sid mentioned in his opening comments, we took a really hard look at the fourth quarter within International with a little bit more of a focus in Europe. And so, some of the trends – again, I don't need to get back thorough it, but the Financial Lines, Property, Special Risks, we had some development, but I would ask you to take a look at the full year. If you look at the accident year loss ratio of the full year, that's more reflecting the overall performance. I think we will continue to try to take volatility out and not take as large of net and gross lines within our International portfolio. But, overall, the accident years, if we look at the full 2017, we know we have improvement, but you look at the delta between that and North America, we still need to focus on improving our accident year loss ratios in North America as well.
Peter Zaffino: Okay. Well, we've restructured the CAT reinsurance to include more aggregate cover. So, the attachment point dropped from $1.5 billion to $750 million with a corridor deductible, but that's an aggregate versus an occurrence. And so you would take a lot of the frequency of events out and we have around – I don't want to give a specific number, but it'd be in the 40% to 60% less range for if we had the same exact CATs in 2017 reoccur in 2018. So, we've taken out a lot of the volatility of frequency, but also have a vertical cover in the event that we have a single large loss that we are protected at different return periods. In terms of the quota share, Brian mentioned, I mentioned, we're taking a full-year look at all of our reinsurance placements and so we've begun with property at 1/1. We are not going to continue with quota share in the U.S. We're going to look at a variety of different alternatives in terms of how we want to structure reinsurance in our International portfolio in casualty as well as in North America. So, we'll continue to give you updates as we revisit all of our reinsurance placements throughout the year.
Peter Zaffino: Larry, I would just assume that will be remaining flat across the globe and I wouldn't differentiate much between North America and International. The only thing I would say to that is that we're getting more rate in North America as I look from pivoting from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. So, the rate seems to be sustaining. Some of the peak zone renewals that we have, those are coming up. So, again, I can't really forecast what's going to happen in the second and third quarter. But if rate continues to improve and we have some of our bigger quarters in property with those type of rate increases, you could see a little bit more in North America.
Peter Zaffino: For the U.S. Property, what I had mentioned in my comments sequentially got better every month within the fourth quarter. January looks to be very consistent with that pattern. Don't have too much guidance beyond January. So, we are continuing to see rate increase. We are seeing rate increase within the casualty lines. It really just does vary. I mean certainly auto is the one that would be driving the most increase on a primary and excess basis. But want to make sure that we're spending a lot of time thinking through like loss cost trends for the casualty lines, because rate increases required across most casualty lines just to stay constant with loss cost increases. So, we are seeing rate increase. I want to make sure that we're very conscientious of why that increase has to happen for loss cost increases, but we are seeing rate on the casualty book. And, again, early indications in the first quarter, that's consistent with what we saw at the end of the year.
Peter Zaffino: Well, I can tell you in terms of how we're looking at the pricing. When we look at some of the loss cost trends in pricing again, I had mentioned before that we contemplate that on the primary and then the excess. And so, on the primary, it ranges from 3% or 4% up to 8% and again, auto being at the upper-end. And from an excess basis, looking at the same lines of business, it can go up to almost 10% on the loss cost trends, again auto being one at the upper-end, but there's other lines of business that fall within that. And so, we make sure that as we're looking to pricing and looking at some of our historical experience, we contemplate all of that in terms of looking at how we're going to position the portfolio throughout 2018. As I say, we're getting ready and we're looking at loss cost trends. So, I don't see anything dramatically changing based on our observations.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Well, Josh, Liz will be happy to walk you through all the details off line, but you've got the NOLs and the FTCs, the foreign tax credit, so the items that I referred to with respect to my script. So, we can obviously follow up with more detail, but it's relatively straightforward in terms of the calculations.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Sure. Obviously, as we said, we're pleased with the transaction, because we think having a single strong entity here to manage our runoff portfolios is going to give us a better optionality to manage the risk. And so, what I'd say to you is we're going to evaluate all our options and like all our major entities, we'll evaluate the business plans and capital targets as we go forward, but we do think that it gives us some financial flexibility going forward to better manage risk.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Well, I guess, we can always have a debate on all the methods to calculate cost of capital. I'd say, when we look at it, it would be above our weighted average cost of capital in terms of equity cost of capital, I can do all the fancy math I want, but generally my investors tell me it's 10%. So, we think it's a reasonable return here for our surplus cash and capital. And certainly, those assumptions, as we said, we think we've been cautious. And so, if we do any better than that, which certainly we're targeting, we think it's going to be something that people will be very pleased with in terms of overall return.
Siddhartha Sankaran: No, I think if you look at our balance sheet, our cash flow profile, we're roughly comfortable with where we are in financial leverage. We're obviously going to keep evaluating that as we go through the year, but I think if you look at the balance sheet, it's extremely strong from a capital liquidity and leverage standpoint.
Kevin T. Hogan: Yes, thanks, Erik. We've been in the process of modernizing our actuarial systems in the retirement business and also the life business the last two to three years. We're essentially moving from one very modern platform to an even better platform. And as we are able to upgrade the detail of the models from time-to-time, there are some movements in the reserves. And so, while this shows up in earnings in the fourth quarter, relative to the size of the balance sheet, these are relatively modest adjustments. I think what's important is, is that there's no change in our outlook to the profitability or attractiveness of this business and these are very sophisticated platforms. So, like I said, we're two to three years in. We have another year or two to go. We're constantly trying to improve our modeling and management of this business. And at this point in time, we can't suggest that there's anything else to come. We're continuing to work through the process.
Kevin T. Hogan: So, I think that there's two things. You have to recall that there was a period of time where we were not engaging in aggressive plan acquisition. We've reengaged in new plan acquisitions starting three, four years ago. And as you pointed out, we have made some significant digital investments, which are really paying off and improving both the plan sponsor and the participant experience. So, I think that at the levels of plan acquisitions where we are now, we're continuing to see improvement year-on-year. We're continuing to expand our advisor force and expect that to grow. We will have little ways to go before we make up for the fact that we weren't acquiring plans for a while. So, our outlook for this business is very profitable business. We're still managing the yield compression and the margins remain strong.
Kevin T. Hogan: Yeah, sure. So, let's remember the fourth quarter was still a period where the distribution environment – we work with independent distribution across the U.S. within the relatively earlier stages of embracing the DOL. And third quarter was the low point, but fourth quarter still sort of suffered from that. And rates were improving a bit. At the time, the equity markets were very strong. And so, VAs really were under pressure. We're actually pleased with the VAs is that almost half of our sales right now or last quarter were a new product that we introduced with the daily income benefits, which is something that is targeted for the new distribution environment. So, whilst we're continuing to see a reduction in the new business there, we feel good about where we are positioned with the VA product branch. We also introduced an advisory product. We're seeing improvements where we're focused on Index Annuities and Fixed Annuities. And Index Annuities, in particular, have kind of taken a place of the role that Variable played in some advisers' platform. And we've been working closely with our distribution partners relative to that. I mean as the rate environment improves and as investors' outlook may evolve relative to attractive investments and these products versus unbridled equity markets is what will predict the future environment. We think that what's most important is, is that we have a common standard of care relative to the fiduciary standard and suitability between investment and insurance products. And so, we believe that the future regulatory environment will move in that direction and that investors will respond to that and the distribution environment, most importantly, is stabilizing relative to their practices.
