Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Mike, for the question. The guidance that we've given in terms of what we expect for the full year 2025 does not contemplate any improvement in loss ratio. It's all in the expense ratio. And so we're trying to guide everybody is that all the expenses that exist in other operations will transition into parent, they'll go into the business or they'll be eliminated and that we're not going to be increasing our combined ratios based on the guidance that we gave at the end of '23. So we're not anticipating any caveats on loss ratios to be able to meet that guidance.
Peter Zaffino: No. It's a great question. Let's take North America, for example, because you pointed out property. This quarter in terms of the overall index and rate increases, property was the headwind in that index. In casualty, we achieved mid-single digit to high-single digit rate with like 12% and excess casualty plus 2% in exposure. In Lexington, it was 11% increase in casualty, 12% in health care. So again, above loss cost trends. Property was flat this quarter. But you have to look at what's happened with the property market over the past several years. And if you look at the -- even last year in -- like excess and surplus lines, it was a 34% increase and the retail, it was 30%, that's after four years of double-digit rate increase. So I think -- look, with the low activity in CAT maybe in the first quarter, the cumulative rate increases over time, I mean, the property combined ratio fully loaded with CAT, even with giving a little bit back in the second quarter has an outstanding combined ratio. And if I can get that combined ratio for the rest of my career, I'll take it. I mean, like I don't think there's any deterioration in terms of what our overall index will be. And again, I can't really predict, that's why I kind of went into a little bit more detail about like sort of the CAT market is that we don't know. I mean, like, so property is highly driven by what happens in CAT and underlying inflation. And so I'm not going to predict what happens sort of six quarters from now, but I think we feel really comfortable with the portfolio and its profitability.
Peter Zaffino: Hey, Meyer. Good morning. In terms of -- I outlined in my prepared remarks, the premium impact, which is the $750 million on net premiums written. But on the overall combined ratio, it's going to be de minimis in terms of what we would lose within General Insurance once we pro forma it out.
Peter Zaffino: Yeah. I'll hand it over to Sabra. But as you know, and she gave a lot of detail in her prepared remarks, and we reviewed 45% of our total book in the second quarter. And in casualty, just based on what's going on in the global market, we really drilled down on every line of business and every year and went through it in tremendous detail. So Sabra, maybe you can just give a few highlights in terms of that analysis.
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Elyse. I included that in my prepared remarks, just based on the amount of financial flexibility, strategic flexibility that we've created for ourselves. The divestitures have been really about not having like really the businesses that we divest were terrific, and they fit very well with their new owners. But some of them needed scale, like travel and crop. And we wanted to be a little bit less in the volatility business, and therefore, Validus Re was divested. I would think as we look to the future, again, we're going to be very selective, very disciplined. But there are opportunities perhaps where we have existing businesses where we feel as though, we have competitive advantages that having more scale would be helpful. There could be complementary geographies as we look to different parts of internationally, but terrific international business. But there could be places where we want to expand further that give us not only better capabilities within that geography, but also could be very good for our multinational network. There are opportunities to invest further in businesses that we have. Think about AIG TATA in India is a fast-growing large scale business that is an industry leader. And so there's opportunities there as well. So we will use the same criteria, which is to make sure it's disciplined, it's additive, its strategic and it actually furthers and accelerates the progress we can make on an organic basis. And so we will -- again, we'll keep giving updates as there's more relevant information to share.
Peter Zaffino: Sure. Thank you, Rob. It's really driven by mix of business. And if you take a look at this year compared to last year on a net premium earned basis, like the commercial and personal insurance businesses are literally identical in terms of its overall contribution to total premium. And then the commercial loss ratio largely stayed flat like a 10 basis point improvement, but largely flat. What happened was the Personal Insurance loss ratio dramatically improved, driven by North America which was well over 400 basis points. And so I think that that's really driving the first six months. And if we look at the back half, I mean, should we see the same thing? I think so. But you've seen all the tremendous new business, the momentum we have. The mix of business could be changed a little bit year-over-year when we look at the back half of the year, but that's really what's driving the improved loss ratio in the first six months. So it's really a true mix of business and also the significant improvement that North America personal is making and we expect them to continue to make.
Peter Zaffino: The high net worth business had the same issues that the commercial business did, which it had too much TIV and it gets more pronounced in the high net worth business, because it's more dense. And so we needed to shed aggregate for a lot of reasons. One is that we had too much exposure in certain geographies like the world changed with COVID, the pandemic and all the macro factors that affected it. And then also the evolution of more capabilities in the non-admitted market. And so what we decided, and we've been thinking about this for a couple of years, is that build out an admitted platform that is going to be very strong, the right infrastructure and have the ability to grow, but also complement that with the non-admitted market and be able to do that where you have flexibility and form rate and limits and how you can actually respond to client needs. And there's a need. And so what we've been working on is what's the best way to do that, partnering with Ryan Specialty. It's a highly fragmented wholesale market. So nobody has a real strong expertise in high net worth unless you start to build it. And I think Ryan has been doing that. And so getting access to the 40,000 independent agents with a product that's going to be saleable, and we have done such a terrific job in terms of creating opportunity for more aggregate that we want to be able to have both options. And we believe that we'll be able to grow the non-admitted property market just based on the partnership that we just announced recently. So it's always been in the plan, but we didn't want to go out and just say, we're going to do non-admitted and have it a fragmented not strategic approach. And so we believe this is going to give us great opportunities to access the market in a different way.
Peter Zaffino: Yeah. It's a terrific question, and I happen to have Don Bailey and Jon Hancock here with me. So I'm going to ask them both to comment on North America and international. It's a great question. Don, why don't you start with, how we have actually been very focused on not only retention, but new business in North America.
Peter Zaffino: That's great, Jon. Thanks to you and Don for that detail, really helpful. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. I do want to thank our colleagues around the world for their continued dedication, commitment, teamwork and all of their execution. I also want to extend my deep gratitude to Tom Bolt, who's retiring at the end of the year for his many significant contributions to AIG during a very important time and congratulate him on his story career. Tom was instrumental in establishing a global framework for AIG's underwriting standards, governance and structures and alignment with our refined risk appetite and has just been a terrific executive at AIG. So again, thank you for joining us today. Everybody, have a great day.
