Kevin Hogan: No. We’re anticipating running this business over a 100. We anticipate overall continuing improvements in the expenses in personal insurance associated with the efficiencies that we have gained. And in terms of loss ratio, there was better than expected experience this year particularly with respect to Japan automobile. And so it’s that particular anomaly that we don’t anticipate to repeat in 2015.
Kevin Hogan: Well you know Tom an important part of the improvement does come from Japan and we have been working on the overall rate adequacy in that environment in addition to enjoying an unusual year with respect to the automobile loss ratio that was a feature of and the change in the way non claim discount bonuses that actually driven down frequency to the entire market and then the fuel prices which ironically were high at the time you know also reduced the amount of driving and that led to a substantial improvement there. I think in terms of revenue, there is an underlying improvement in our growth, but it is not as dramatic as the improvements in both loss ratios as we’ve instituted many of similar underwriting tools as to what commercial has successfully used over the last couple of years.
Kevin Hogan: The Japan auto was unusual in that the prices of fuel were high they are not anticipated to stay high, so we do not expect frequency to stay that low, but Tom the improvement in the underwriting actually comes across the board, it’s not limited to Japan. The implementation of the tools that I mentioned are having an impact on rate adequacy and portfolio quality across the board, as we actively manage the portfolio. So don’t anticipate the loss ratio as a fourth quarter as a run rate there’s a number of anomalies we had a very benign CAT environment, severe losses below our expectations and also the unusual situation in Japan.
Peter Hancock: We didn’t discussed 2013, because it’s a bit of – the comparison is not really one for one, because there were many projects and initiatives that we’re doing in 2014 that were not in existence in 2013, so it’s a bit of apples and oranges so to speak. So, the returns that are coming out of – again, they are in varying stages. So for example, the biggest items in there are for example our movement to shared services, the Japan initiative and certain the shared services and some of the finance functions, those are the biggest ticket item. So we’re beginning to see payback in each one of those at various stages against some come sooner than others. The finance centers have more immediate payback. It’s closer to a near within one year of the spent you’re seeing the initiatives. So, we haven’t quantify the exact benefit yet, but again its going to varied by each one of those projects.
Peter Hancock: Well, the expectation for the full year is 6% to 7% both in total for share repurchase in shareholder dividends. And again, I’ve made reference to more dynamic approach so we wanted to reflect the very robust distributions to the holding company and importantly the reduction in risk in our P&C business and so we increase the amount of authorization or asked for authorization – the amount of authorization we ask for to the first quarter. So, we will deploy as appropriate and then again based on facts and circumstances seek additional approvals throughout the year.
Peter Hancock: I think that we’ve had a good track record over the last five years of making very thoughtful disposal decisions in the light of the value that we can realize and a patient approach to disposing of this non-core asset is what we think makes sense. It’s quite accretive to our coverage ratio from a raisings perspective and in our stress test while as an equity, a concentrated equity position on the face of it, it was seen like a hot potato. I would not describe it that way because we have extremely comfortable capital accretions from a stress testing perspective. So I think we have time on our side, but we recognize it’s a non-core asset and if we receive a favourable offer for it, of course we will dispose a bit and then redeploy that capital to our core operations.
Peter Hancock: Well we have a long term goal of getting north of 10% as I stated, and most importantly getting it above our cost of capital and so we look at the interaction of what we’re doing to reduce our cost of capital in particular de-risking the company and focussing the quality of earnings on really repeatable sources. So, sure we could get to the target quicker, but we’d probably be at the expense of sustainability of earnings, quality of earnings, and we have judged that this is an appropriate pace that continues to demonstrate our commitment improving returns while doing so in a sustainable way. And so we’ve made careful tradeoffs to improve the returns and it would be very transparent about that process.
Peter Hancock: Thank you, Jay. As we have said I think in the past, our range, target range is somewhere in that business between 425 and 470, that’s a range. So we’re at 490. We’ve taken very substantial amounts of capital out of those companies, so the short answer is yes, we still have more room to reduce that but again we’re pretty clear and we’re clear with all our stake holders what that range is and we’re going to be very methodical and measured about how we do that. But, we’ve made clear what our range is, we’ve obviously taken very substantial steps to get close to that, remember last year we were north of 560 or 568 a year ago. So we’ve taken meaningful steps, so I think those actions should give you some sense of how we are thinking about it.
Peter Hancock: Yes thanks Adam. Look I think in part of the difference in the income came from the performance and the alternatives and partnerships which you know I think is kind of a normal course of business. We have seen a little bit of deals compression but nothing unusual in this quarter. We did have the IBNR reserve, the ongoing activities from 2011 associated with the identification of policy holders and beneficiaries, which is a process involving a third party vendor provides us information we have to engage in the matches and you know as that process comes to near a conclusion you know we have to respond to the matches that are occurring and the identification of those policy holders. A lot of these are very small face amount policies, a lot of them go back a number of years and matching you know is not an automated process. And those are some of the anomalies, you know as I mentioned that the current rate environment and by that assuming a 10-year key around 180 this is where we expect a drift of four to six basis points per quarter in the base yields. That’s a trend that will depend upon what the future rate environment is.
Peter Hancock: So we don’t, first of all I think it’s important to note we don’t anticipate a substantial impact on earnings from these larger cases and with respect to the larger cases they don’t always come up for revisitation, we see nothing on the horizon at this juncture, of course you can’t anticipate where consolidations may occur. And as you know there are consolidations in a number of industries especially healthcare associated with the recent developments in those industries. So we do see them as part of a normal aspect of the environments and they are essentially one off items.
Peter Hancock: As I mentioned in my opening comments Adam, we’ll see some GOE improvement next year, I don’t anticipate that it will get the same dollar amount dollar that we improved earning 2014 you know and of course the ratio will depend on other factors, but we do expect to continue to get more efficient.
Peter Hancock: Well, I think given where we’re starting from to speculate beyond three years is challenging. The 10% in an environment if we have persistent deflationary pressures, low inflation and low investment yield. In our view is actually quite comfortably above what the cost of capital is likely to be at that point. So our goal as we say in overall terms is have to sustainable ROE above our cost to capital, which is also a function of our risk levels. And so if others are running at much higher ROEs I suspect it is – because they choose to run their balance sheets with more leverage and are willing to take more risk. And we think that we would like to position the company as a very balance portfolio of diversified risk so that that we can whether swings in these pricing cycles, swings in the economic cycles and be opportunistic in times of crisis where we think that there are tremendous one-off opportunities to add value. And I think that maximizing ROE inhibits that financial flexibility but making sure that their ROE is comfortable above the cost of equity of the company and from sustainable sources as oppose to short term risk taking of any kind. So we are very committed to improving the quality as well as the quantity of earnings and been transparent about that shift of mix.
Peter Hancock: Well, yes, that’s true, I mean, this has been an ongoing process of working with new process for identifying deceased policyholders and their beneficiaries. We have much experience now with the vendor and with the matching process and we went through an extensive analysis. We’re getting down to the last – I think process is with the vendor and we have some insight into what we believe is going to be coming in the matching process in the future. So right now this is our best estimate of what we think will bring us to the conclusion of this process. But until we get the files from the vendor and engage in a physical matching we can’t provide 100% guarantee.
Peter Hancock: Actually we consider the health of the group retirement business actually quite strong. We continue recruit advisors. We have had I think good success with the process of expanding some of the product portfolio that we’re able to represents in that business. And while it is true we are and we continue to be disciplined in our new business pricing. We don’t see the loss of these large cases as relevant to that. We continue to invest in this business. We invest in our record-keeping capabilities and also our advisory capabilities and we’re also introducing a kind of a retirement’s information center to help educate our customers there. The most important part of the margins in this business or in the smaller and medium size cases and in the ongoing contributions, so we do not get necessarily distracted by some of the consolations that occurred in the large case area.
Peter Hancock: It’s certainly a competitive environment and we are monitoring very carefully the developments in that business, but like I said we continue to invest in that business and we are comfortable where we are. Clearly yield environment is something that impacts that business as well. And we are investing in substantial technology to improve our position.
Peter Hancock: So first of all I wouldn’t describe it as a goal. Our goal is – our broadest goal is to have a sustainable ROE comfortably above our cost of equity and secondly we’ve restated our long term goal of 10%. The full cost which is what I have provided over the next three years of 50 basis point improvement per year is premised on an interest rate environment that reflects the forward curve in the market. So whether the market is right or wrong your guess is as good as mine. We tend to run at fairly carefully match duration book of the company, don’t speculate on interest rates but I think that the interest rate assumption that we’ve used in our financial planning is based on the forward curve.
Peter Hancock: Tom’s its Peter. I think that the concept of the buyback being funded is I think combining solvency risk with liquidity risk in a way that I wouldn’t. As you noticed in the last quarter we issued a substantial amount of very long term debt at a very effective level so we have comfortable liquidity in the holding company. And so as we look at this scale of buyback it’s not really constrained by liquidity, it’s really driven by risk. And so as we look at how the risk profile of the company changes, the RBC levels and dividends up from the subsidiaries is simply one indicator of enterprise risk, but the more we the rating agencies and the Fed look at the company as one combined enterprise we start to see that we have substantial capacity to cope with the risk level of the company because the company has been substantially derisked over the last five year and we continue to de-risk the company.  And as I mentioned earlier, as we exercise discipline in terms of new business writing we may find if the pricing environment in the P&C side is softer further capacity because of less risk. That may not be reflected in the short term and RBC ratios. So I just want to make sure that we recognize this is not literally dollar for dollar funding its separating the liquidity management which is comfortable with a view towards managing enterprise risk well within our risk appetite.
Peter Hancock: So I think that the pace you can incur [ph] from David’s 6 to 7 for the full year which would suggest it’s somewhat accelerated pace in the first quarter, but reminding yourself that it excludes any non-core asset disposals or accelerated unwind of a dip.
David Herzog: I think the important theme is that we’ve set expense targets that we just disclosed on a net basis. So effectively we are maintaining and increasing the level of investments while reducing the net number by 3% to 5%, so the business as usual expense declining faster than 3% to 5% as we step up the level of investment on return – on projects where we feel comfortable that we have a good expected return above our hurdle rate. So we’re not sacrificing long-term growth and efficiency in order to get this net expense reduction.
David Herzog: Yes. Jay, thanks. The sequence of loss ratio improvement is not substantive, but year-over-year it is substantive and the profit share is of course a look back mechanism. And so – I think where we are right, we’ve restructured the underlying programs in the U.S. warranty business essentially instituting deductible and other risk management, arrangements which would change the profile of the loss ratio and acquisition ratio overtime.
David Herzog: Sure. The -- if part is pretty easy, its further contractual lock ups which the first one third expire actually next week. That’s the how we could. We haven’t commented on the monetization of this non-core asset I’ll maybe ask Peter to share his views and perspective on it. As we have done before – as I said before it doesn’t change our view of this as a non-core asset but we want to, will be very thoughtful as we think about maximizing value for our shareholders. So Peter, anything you want to add to that.
David Herzog: Well, I wanted to signal that very much in the $2.5 billion buyback, because we talk about one of the factor that let us to step up the pace of buyback was the fact that we had reduced risk in the business and in particular in commercial. And that’s because we walked away from certain property renewals where we felt we were not getting adequately return rewarded for risk. And so what we’re really saying is that the pricing discipline comes with it a sense that the capital we have is precious and we will not deploy it if we’re not getting an adequate return on it. So, prompt return of capital that’s not deployed at adequate ROEs is our way of demonstrating to you and internally that we’re not about volume or about value.
David Herzog: Josh, its David, as I’ve said in my opening remarks we expect based on full year expectation to have interest expense of around or just inside of $1.1 billion. So again, you can look at the fourth quarter as a reasonable proxy.
David Herzog: Again, that’s why I’m trying to give you a level of insight. I think it’s important to note that our leverage ratios are very much inside our target area, our target zone and that effect on the low side of that, so I think we’ve got plenty of financial flexibility, but we are obviously focused on balancing leverage and our coverage. So I think those are critical points you should take away.
David Herzog: Yes. It does, in fact that was an aspect of one of the reserve increases that you noted before and so we do fully incorporate interest in the reserve.
David Herzog: [Indiscernible] the short answer is no. That’s a substantially all of the decrease in the RBC was related to the dividend close. We did provide additional reserves for cash flow testing, but those were insignificant relative to the rest of the decline from distributions.
Jay Gelb: Thank you and good morning. First, for David, the lockup of the AerCap shares begins to expire this month and I heard that you've made a mention of that $6 billion to $7 billion of share repurchase and dividend in 2015 didn't include monetization of non-core assets. So I was hoping you can update us on your view in terms of when or if you can start to sell down that AerCap stake of $4 billion? Thanks.
Jay Gelb: All right that makes sense. Then on the ROE expectation, if I think about 50 basis points of improvement starting at a 7.4% level for this year normalized, I’m just trying to get a qualitative perspective of why Peter you and the board feel that that’s adequate to potentially not get to 9% before even 2017.
Jay Gelb: All right. And then last one, on the life risk-based capital ratio currently at 490% when we hear from other large life insurers like Met and Prudential, they are targeting more in the 400% to 450% range. So I'm wondering if you still might have more room to bring down that RBC in the life business.
