Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. So let me first take a step back, thank you for the question, and talk a little bit about our capital management strategy. And as we've outlined in the past, that we're focused on putting additional capital in the subsidiaries for organic growth because we see great opportunities. We worked very hard on reducing leverage. So while we've leveraged up Corebridge, we've been redeeming debt at the AIG level, focused on returning capital to shareholders through share repurchases, and we'll look very hard at the dividend for 2023.  And our view on M&A is, where there are compelling opportunities, I think you have seen weakness in this quarter in terms of some of the reporting. But our strategy is much more where it's compelling, where it's strategic. And I think if we use Glatfelter as an example, Glatfelter was a best-in-class program underwriter that had great distribution. We were not performing well in our Programs business. So we were able to reduce our position in programs and bring Glatfelter and Tony Campisi and the leadership team to AIG, and they just have thrived here together, where we've improved combined ratios, we've grown, and we've improved our overall performance.  So I think we will look for ways. We don't really have portfolios that need to be rehabilitated like we would have the Programs 3 years ago, but we could find those bolt-ons and things that are additive to AIG, where we are both better from being together. So I think that's how we would think about acquisition in the sort of medium term. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. So I think the market that's in front of us is going to reward those who are disciplined leading up to it. We have been very thoughtful and careful about reducing aggregate where we felt we had too much in peak zones as well as too much exposed to natural catastrophes. So we've talked over time that we've reduced enormous limits over the period that we've been reunderwriting.  Now on the AIG reassumed side, that's been just disciplined. We didn't like the risk-adjusted returns as we've cited in my prepared remarks, that we took down the aggregate by 60%. And I think the premiums, if you look on a gross basis in terms of CAT year-over-year, we're going to be down like 40%. And actually, some of that would be greater in North America.  We will look at opportunities in terms of -- we have plenty of aggregate for CAT, but it'll all be what's the best risk-adjusted opportunities. I mean the good news is we have multiple entry points. So we have Lexington on an E&S basis. We have retail property capabilities across the world. We have a terrific syndicate in Talbot that can access specialty classes that are more first party. We have a tremendous global specialties business that did phenomenal, I think, in the quarter and showed their sort of global leadership. And then we have the assumed business for AIG Re, where there are opportunities to deploy capital there, we are going to be prepared. So I think that the market will be very good for us to deploy more property. But again, we'll be disciplined, and we'll see what really transpires over the next 60 to 90 days. Next question, please. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Sure. I'll ask Mark to provide more detail. I think what we do in our prepared remarks is say that we're looking at property, casualty, all of our lines and business in great detail. Really, what's been driving the upper end of the ranges up has been more the first-party business because of all the economic factors that are driving them. But Mark spends enormous time with the staff and the underwriting claims, looking at all the casualty trends as well. Mark, do you want to provide more detail, please? Mark Lyons;Executive Vice President, Global Chief Actuary & Head of Portfolio Management: Sure. Peter, thank you. So yes, on the follow-up on that, Meyer, would be -- let's put it this way. The excess casualty loss cost trends are double digits. And the primary trends aren't too much lower than that, but they're single digits but on the upper end. So we think we've captured it in a pretty good fashion. But the incremental move from quarter-to-quarter, as Peter denoted, is marginally -- increases on the liability side, but it's mostly due to the much more apparent trends on the property loss cost side, which on a weighted average basis, drives it up. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Meyer. Dave, why don't you talk a little bit about what we're seeing in D&O. We really are not seeing it in other lines to the extent that what's going on in D&O, but we've been very disciplined, and Dave could provide a little bit more context. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes, we do. I mean, again, like we've said, the timing of deconsolidation is subject to market conditions and the volatility in the market. But if you take that away and look at a normal course as to we get through 2023, when we deconsolidate, we expect we'll be, with all the variables that Shane outlined in the 10% ROE, we will be at that 10% ROE. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Mark, would you take that one, please? Mark Lyons;Executive Vice President, Global Chief Actuary & Head of Portfolio Management: Sure, Peter. Elyse, good to hear from you. So yes, that's a good question, Elyse, and it's actually the right question. So I guess think of it like this. Shane mentioned that we did $40 billion of reserves this quarter, that makes it 90% year-to-date, only 10% remaining. And the review was -- all our reviews have been comprehensive. But I would say particularly so this quarter, with improved actuarial methodologies but really augmented with a rigorous review of individual cases with the claims department, specifically focusing on downside risk that was more qualitatively, also incorporating, so I guess a couple of things.  First, it would be that because of that concentration of real detail, the financial reserve position is strong, firstly. Secondly, as you mentioned the multiyear policies, yes, that's an impact and probably a larger impact than you might think, which kind of preceded Dave and the team. And that excess D&O and private not-for-profit are the major drivers as Peter and Shane highlighted. But I really do not see that as a follow forward into more recent accident years.  And -- but let me just give you a few fact points on that. So Dave talked about it a bit indirectly, but I think more directly, from my point of view on risk selection, which is what it's really all about at the end of the day, back in 2017, 42% of our insurance -- or given that there was a class action -- security class action lawsuit, we had 42% of them on a primary insured basis, whereas now, it's 12%. So that's a clear risk selection difference.  But from the severity point of view of how much capacity gets placed on those from -- it's an 80% reduction on capacity provided to those given that they had a security class action suit. So both elements of that, I think, are incredibly strong and point to the capacity deployment post those years, so more recently as well as the risk selection, which is the core to everything.  But a couple of other quick things. I know you like stats, Elyse. So why do I think it -- especially on the levels that we say are more susceptible [ that caused it ]. So on primary not-for-profit, for example, when we look back at prior policy years, now it's close to accident years, which is the real driver of underwriting decisions and improvements, the loss ratio for policy year '21 at 18 months of development is 80% lower than the prior year. And on excess P&L, which is longer tail, you have a similar 80% reduction in the loss ratio. So all of these facts point to a much stronger book of business and increased confidence that what's the most recent accident years are -- is valid. So we're not seeing any change to those loss ratios. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Brian. Again, we will see as we get to 1/1 in terms of what the pricing environment will be. It will be led by property. I mean I talked about it in my prepared remarks, some of the capacity issues and how reinsurers decide to deploy their capital is going to be very disciplined. I do think on the primary side of casualty, there will be some impacts. We look at just the normal economic potential headwinds, but also just deploying capital. So it's not going to be a single -- just we're going to get rate on property and not pay attention to casualty. You're going to look at it in a holistic way.  I think Dave and I have spent a lot of time on this, and we strongly believe that excess and surplus lines in casualty will grow more than admitted. On a same-store sale basis, meaning that the opportunities that exist today will find, I think, more growth in E&S and the specialty classes. And I think that the rate will reflect what the exposures are, and we would see the casualty lines being affected as well. But again, we'll see when we get into 2023. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: No. Dave, why don't you add on in terms of what really happened in financial lines with M&A and IPO? But no, Brian, we saw very good growth. We outlined it in my prepared remarks, Lexington property, Glatfelter, Primary Casualty. So we saw real growth across North America and felt it was strong. Had a little bit of a headwind from financial lines just based on M&A and IPO. But Dave, maybe you can just cover that a little bit. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. So thanks, Alex. We've talked about our capital management strategy over the past several quarters and focused on capital for growth, debt reduction, share repurchases. And as I said, going into 2023, we're going to focus on the dividend. The primary use of capital will be used for share repurchases and, again, like Corebridge, I think has done very well in a very challenging IPO market. We expect the value to continue to move in a very positive direction based on how strong the business is. And so I'm not going to get into like the P/E today versus the P/E of AIG, but think that the best use of capital over the foreseeable future is going to be to reduce share count to get us to the 600 million to 650 million range.  Now if I could spend 2 seconds on outlining what we've done since we've announced Blackstone in July of 2021, so you go back into early third quarter of last year and we set up Corebridge's financial structure. Not only did we do the IPO of 12.4% but set up their structure of $9.4 billion of debt, $1.7 billion of parent liquidity. During that period, we've reduced ongoing debt at AIG by approximately $12 billion, including the $1.8 billion make-whole in October. We paid common and preferred dividends of $1.3 billion during that period of time. We've also repurchased over 100 million of common shares, which is over $6 billion, and we put around $2 billion of capital in our subsidiaries for growth.  So that's a lot of capital deployment. All of it is set up to strengthen the balance sheet, strengthen AIG's strategic positioning as well as making sure that we can continue to put the capital in the subsidiaries to drive organic growth. So we're really pleased where we are, and we think that the path forward with the secondary offerings will put us even in a stronger position. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Yes. I mean the first thing I would say is AIG is not an index of the market rhetoric. We are very different in terms of how we purchase reinsurance just based on the size and scale, geographic diversity, different products. And so like when reinsurers deploy capital -- and that's why I say we have very strategic relationships because there's enormous continuity on our programs year-over-year even when we change structures. So I think that we've gotten commitments from all of our major reinsurers to be able to deploy the same amount of capital to the extent we need it for our property CAT. That's number one.  Number two is that the portfolio has changed. I mean when you are continuing to reduce gross exposures, you don't always need the same structures. And so I think we changed the structure in '22, which was to buy sort of global occurrence that sits above our per occurrence layers across the world and reduce the aggregate limit. And so we're looking at structures right now. I mean I think you're going to get -- no matter who you speak to, the truth will be it's going to be a very late renewal season. Retro needs to be put together. Nobody is quoting now. There's not going to be any firm order terms for quite some time. And I think that we're just going to have to work through the market.  But I just don't think that AIG is going to be in a detrimental position just based on our portfolio structure, partnership and actually our performance. And I think the reinsurers would say, you have to ask them, but what they tell me is that we've exceeded expectations on all the variables in terms of the commitments we've made in terms of the underwriting, and that's on property and casualty. So I think we'll be very well positioned and we'll provide updates as we get further along into the renewal season. Okay. Yes. I want to thank everybody today for your time, and I hope everybody has a great day. Thank you. 
