Elizabeth A. Werner: Thank you, Trish, and good morning, everyone. Before we begin, I'd like to remind you that today's presentation may contain forward-looking statements, which are based on management's current expectations and are subject to uncertainty and changes in circumstances. Any forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance or events. Actual performance and events may differ, possibly materially, from such forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause this include the factors described in our first quarter 10-Q to be filed later today and our 2016 Form 10-K under Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and under Risk Factors. AIG is not under any obligation and disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise. Today's presentation may contain non-GAAP financial measures. The reconciliation of such measures to the most comparable GAAP figures is included in the slides for today's presentation and our financial supplement, both of which are available on our website. The purpose of this morning's call is to speak to our quarterly results and our strategy. We appreciate and understand your interest in the status of our CEO succession process and reiterate that the board is highly focused on the search. Today's call, however, will not be addressing any questions related to that search process. The format for today's Q&A will be consistent with past calls, with one question and one follow-up. At this time I'd like to introduce our speakers, who are also joined by other members of management in the room. Peter Hancock, our CEO, will begin today's remarks, followed by Sid Sankaran, CFO; Rob Schimek, CEO of Commercial; and Kevin Hogan, CEO of Consumer. With that, I'll turn it over to Peter.
Elizabeth A. Werner: Trish, we'd like to open the line now to Q&A. Again, just one question and one follow-up, but please feel free to get back in queue so we can get as many questions as possible.
Elizabeth A. Werner: Yeah, Josh, I think we're going to get back to you on that, but I appreciate the question. I think we have actually pretty long queue right now, and I kind of want to get through as many as possible, but we will call you right back after the call.
Elizabeth A. Werner: Trish, we're going to take just one more question. There's a number of earnings calls today, and we want to be mindful of those other calls. So we'll take our last question, and hopefully quick follow-up so we can wrap up today's call.
Elizabeth A. Werner: Great. Thank you, everyone. We appreciate you joining this morning, and please reach out, and we will follow up with you to finish all these outstanding questions. Thank you.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Well, I think the first point I would make, Tom, is that we've been very clear with respect to ratings that protecting the rating of the subsidiaries is the most important objective in protecting value. And as we disclosed in my prepared remarks, both our capital levels and holding company liquidity remain extremely strong when you look at us and look across to competitors. So our main message is we're going to continue to be prudent and return capital in consultation with regulators and rating agencies. But given the current balance sheet strength, we remain optimistic on resolving those rating outcomes over the course of the quarter.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Yeah. So let's take them separately. When you think of the Other line item, you've got to think about a few different things. First, institutional markets. Secondly, you're going to think about our liquidity portfolio and our debt that remains unallocated in parent. (34:42) Third, general operating expenses. And then, fourth, dispositions from the core portfolio. So when you look at Other, you're always going to have a little bit of volatility from some of the items in the fourth bucket, which is the dispositions that, in some cases, may be in stock or other form. And of course also in the Other line item you see I think a trend from first quarter last year to first quarter this year on the expense reduction line. Speaking of legacy, obviously there you have mark-to-market volatility that occurs every quarter. We had strong performance in fair value assets. We give you both the as-reported and normalized so that you can get a longer-term expectation on that one.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Yeah. So the only thing I'd add to Rob's comment is, as you know, when we concluded our DVR in the fourth quarter last year, we took strengthening in both those lines. And so from the data that's emerged both in this quarter and in the second half of the year, we feel they're coming in more favorable then, say, for excess casualty, a cautious view that we took in the fourth quarter on loss trends in very green (41:19) years. But as Rob said, we're reassured. We don't react to this. We monitor it very carefully. And we'll continue to provide you guys with transparency going forward each quarter.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Meyer. We haven't provided any guidance. I would expect it – as a base case assumption, I would expect it to emerge over time, over a long period of time. And obviously, as circumstances evolve and our conversations get farther, we'll update you further.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Well, thanks for the question, Jay. As you can imagine, we don't comment on hypotheticals, and our team is focused on executing against our plan. I think what I can tell you is our management team and our board are aligned on the strategic objectives that we're outlining and executing on this quarter. If you just look at the progress and the metrics you see this quarter and through the call, $5 billion of capital return, exceeding our $1.4 billion expense reduction target three quarters early, module PTOI going up across the board, and a path towards our 9.5% core ROE target. So I would say collectively we're pleased, and we're looking forward to updating you further in the next quarter on this.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Yeah, Kai. It's Sid. Just two responses. Yes, of course, that restructuring charge, which is AIG-wide, will provide future offset in our run rate expense. And I think you can go back and look at our total restructuring charges and look at our run rate and see that we have a pretty good track record of getting the expense out. Secondly, with respect to Commercial, certainly a portion of that restructuring charge applies to Commercial. And, yes, we are focused on further efficiencies in Commercial to ensure that that expense ratio stays roughly flat while we've reduced the top line in alignment with our strategy.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Yeah. Jay, I appreciate the question. We obviously don't comment on the details of our share repurchase program or timing. But I think I would always encourage you – we obviously have a long track record of capital return – look at it over a long time period, many years. And I think you'll always see there's going to be volatility quarter to quarter. But we won't comment beyond that.
Robert S. Schimek: Larry, with respect to Liability and Financial Lines, following our fourth quarter reserve strengthening, we strengthened our loss pick significantly for U.S. casualty. And so I think we're making a trade-off all the time. While I want to improve my adjusted accident year loss ratio and achieve my target, my number one priority is to make sure that we're creating a sustainable and long-term view of the right place to book our U.S. casualty reserves. And so ultimately we've increased the loss pick in U.S. casualty significantly above and beyond where we would've been in 2015 and even more for 2016. And so I think that's the primary message there. I will say we've made huge changes to mix of business there, and I continue to feel that we will continue to see the results out of Liability and Financial Lines that we expected. Ultimately, I think as a takeaway for you, you can expect that we've booked our U.S. casualty lost picks at a level approximately 15 points higher in 2017 than they were being booked in 2015, to give you an idea of the change that we've made. With respect to Property and Special Risks, remember that in the Special Risks side of the equation, we have made some changes with respect to our programs business, and have made the decision late last year to exit a number of those programs. Those exits happened across the latter part of last year, and they'll benefit us throughout the course of 2017. But those exits did not happen until late in the year in 2016 and early in 2017. On Property, we continue to think about all elements of our Property risk. We think about managing the attritional loss ratio, the severe loss ratio, and the level of property CAT that we're absorbing. And so I've tried to provide you on slide 13 a view of the improvements that we've made, not just in what we call our dispersion of our business across our portfolio, but also the improvements that we've made in our CAT losses, too. And I think a lot of times people forget that I'm making trade-offs every day. I give up premium that would have benefit my attritional loss ratio in order to reduce the level of catastrophe losses. And my overall objective here, if we're simply trying to maximize the intrinsic value of the organization without making adjusted accident year loss ratios a singular focus of the team. With that said, I think we're still on track for our targeted improvement in the adjusted accident year loss ratio.
Robert S. Schimek: Well, as you would expect, we're very active in managing our view of reserves, looking at our actual versus expected. When you look at that in a lot of granularity, line of business by line of business, as much as possible, geography by geography. The challenge with it is we're really three months into the year, and so it's too early to make any assessment about what we think this means. But the main takeaway that I would give is that it gives us confidence that the level of reserves that we booked in 2016 appears to be resulting in a claims experience for 2017 that's absolutely within our expectations.
Robert S. Schimek: Yeah. Thanks, Meyer. The first thing I'd say is, we will never take the amount of premium, for example, in product set 3 down to zero. Just to give you an example, that's where a lot of our U.S. casualty business sits, and as you know, we've managed that mix of business down significantly, but we continue to be, and will continue to be, a strong provider of those types of products to our clients, when we think about a client relationship holistically. With that said, I think the real important part for you about what we'll do in product set 2B and 3, is really around individual risk selection here. So that's where the improving sophistication of our pricing tools enable us to make differentiated decisions about which risks we're keeping in products sets 2B and 3. My overall objective would be, I would love to improve the loss ratio there, even if I'm not making significant change in how much business is there. I kind of like my mix of business today pretty much, but I'd love to continue to see improvement in the loss ratio. But we prudently book those loss ratios in those product set 2B and 3 accounts so that we're not creating an adverse development for future periods.
Robert S. Schimek: Yeah. So, Gary, the first thing I'd say is that we're investing heavily, and have been investing heavily, in improving the underwriting tools for the organization. So I mentioned in my prepared remarks the increasing sophistication of our underwriting tools, and I'm quite proud of the progress that we're making in that space. I agree with you that our adjusted accident year loss ratio target is not our end destination. But I will tell you that we are really trying to think about this in the context of overall intrinsic value, and so we're making the trade-off of attritional loss ratio, year loss ratio, CAT loss ratio, but also managing how much capital we consume. And so I think all of those elements are really important for us. I'll also mention to you that, under Peter's leadership, as you would expect, we've undertaken a lot of effort to continue to be focused on our strategy for what happens beyond 2017. And so in our 2018 through 2022 strategy, we have been working with an outside partner to help us continue to refine smarter, more effective, kind of more attractive ways to both serve our clients, but deliver a result that is a superior result for our stakeholders.
Robert S. Schimek: You know, I would tell you that we absolutely have gained the confidence that we're able to make decisions on multi-line clients without jeopardizing the overall client relationship. We've found that our clients have been very loyal, that our brokers have provided us with excellent support, and that the relationship that we have is particularly effective. I will also say that one really important take-away for us is, we've been spending a lot of time on reinforcing the capabilities and the power of the link between underwriting claims and our actuarial function to make sure that we're getting the feedback loop to work as effectively as possible, as quickly as possible, that we're feeding those insights back into our underwriting actions, and hopefully making smarter decisions in the forefront, rather than having to deal with them later on, years later.
Robert S. Schimek: Josh, as I said in my prepared remarks, our level of severe losses is not going to be consistent quarter over quarter, so I agree that there will be variability in that number.
Robert S. Schimek: We've taken material steps, however, to reduce that severe loss volatility, including the fact that we buy reinsurance that's expressly targeting this level of volatility. And understand that when we buy that reinsurance, we're giving up premium that is actually causing our attritional loss ratio to go higher, because we're trading off. We're testing against the volatility of severe losses and accepting a somewhat higher level of attritional losses. So you have to make sure you include that in your equation. But the severe loss volatility is being improved through our use of reinsurance. We absolutely expect the trend in severe losses to continue to improve from the levels that we'd experienced prior to 2016. Just to give you perspective, our four-quarter average in severe losses is now $84 million. And I think there's also another quick point to recognize, which is we define severe losses in a nonscientific way. We define them at a $10 million threshold, and so something could trip into severe losses or be in an attritional losses just by being a little bit higher or a little bit lower. So I don't want to overly draw a distinction to the difference between what we're doing in severe losses and attritional, but I really want to put an exclamation point on the observation that we're actively managing all levels of property risk, whether it's our attritional losses, our severe losses, the CAT losses, and ultimately our objective is to cover our cost of capital. But as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we expect to reduce our level of capital consumption in property by approximately $600 million in 2017, because we're also actively managing the level of catastrophe risk. And, again, we're paying premiums that would otherwise help our attritional loss ratio to improve that catastrophic loss result that we're getting.
Robert S. Schimek: Jay, as I mentioned, one thing about Europe is the January 1 renewal date is a particularly important renewal date in Europe. So obviously we made significant improvements there, but you won't see those in the first quarter; you'll see them throughout the rest of the year. The second point I'll make is that Europe is where we recorded the Ogden change in the discount rate, and so there was a $100 million, approximately, number coming out of the Ogden discount rate. I think those two items. And then I guess I'll also observe this is a big part of the way Peter has instilled our way of thinking about intrinsic value, is that we surely operate in a different interest rate environment in Europe than we do in the United States, in some places with negative interest rates. And so therefore our view on cost of capital in Europe is also somewhat different than our view of cost of capital in the U.S.
Robert S. Schimek: Kai, remember that we've described our 4.7 point improvement in the adjusted accident year loss ratio as a exit run rate. That's because we acknowledge that we may have been able to take the action in 2016, for example, but the only thing we can't do is hurry up and earn those actions. And so therefore there are actions that we took at the end of 2016 and the beginning of 2017 for which, as the year goes on, the degree of improvement that's reflected in our earnings will continue to increase. So we continue to have confidence that the changes that we've made in particular in mix of business will drive the 3 points, as I described in my prepared remarks. With respect to the remaining 1.7 points of improvement, it's a variety of factors. It includes our underwriting actions that we do, we're using our improved underwriting risk selection tools for. It includes growth in some of the parts of the business where we're continuing to have excellent success, including for example our multinational businesses, our highly engineered property business, or our Financial Lines business. And it also includes the fact that there are simply underwriting actions that need to be taken across the portfolio, that as we go through the remainder of 2017 we'll have the opportunity to revisit anything that we were not able to get to in 2016, simply because of the timing of our announcement of our two-year plan.
