David Herzog: Yeah. Sure. Thanks, Ed. The – I would first start by saying we are reaffirming the capital flow in our long-term aspirational goal, so while the markets are somewhat volatile, again we were – our expectations are that those dividend flows and capital flows from the operating companies to the holding company, we would reaffirm those expectations. We had in the quarter about $1.6 billion overall of flows and again the flows come in a number of different shapes and sizes in terms of outright dividends. We have some surplus notes between the holding company and some of the operating companies in SunAmerica and so we are paying interest plus principal on that. We got the tax payments, so while we are not going to quantify a court free cash flow I would just say that our risk base capital levels remain very strong and the earnings of the operating companies continue to be strong and therefore the dividend flows are in line with our previously discussed expectations. Again, we got about $1.6 billion this quarter and again, that’s – it’ll bounce around a little bit but that gives you – it won’t be – you can’t take that and annualize it. But, again, I would point you back to our longer term aspirational goals that we set out.
David Herzog: Let me start with the timing of the buyback. We’re going to, we’ve got the authorization and the team will take a look at what the opportunities are and we’ll begin to do it what we think makes the more sense based upon where the markets are. I don’t have a goal to say we’re going to be done in a month, two months or three months. We’re just going to be prudent and see what makes the more sense. So I don’t want to give you that answer when it’s over. As far as ILFC not being core of about AIA, AIA is -- this is the third interest in Asia and the question becomes looking at the value of that position over time and where the markets are and what the opportunity we would have, if were to monetize that and sell it, the question is what would we do with the cash. And obviously you’d say how about buying back AIG shares, we’ll look at that as one of the capital management opportunities. There could be others. But whatever we do we’d take a look at what the market says that property is worth and what else we could with the money that would give us the better return over time and that’s, it’s just a consideration we have to make as we go forward. Right now, we’re going to stand pat from what we see, but that doesn’t mean that won’t change over time. And so, I would then turn it over to -- I think that covered my piece of it and turn it over to Peter and go with that Peter, if you will.
David Herzog: Jimmy, it’s David. The -- we had -- you point to what happened in the third quarter, it’s a factor, but there is still very real possibility that if we -- that we can hit framework and that we can still release the allowance in the fourth quarter again. That will be determined by the performance of the company, one of the critical factors was the falling way of the three-year cumulative loss that’s done. And we’ll just evaluate the specs and circumstances in the fourth quarter, particularly as they relate or solely as they relate to the U.S. member taxable income for the U.S. member company, so again I think there is still a possibility -- very real possibility of that happening in the fourth quarter.
David Herzog: No in fact the -- we continue to wine down the portfolio and reduce our exposure to contingent liquidity and as you saw, we’ve further reduced the impact of the down grade AIG or ATE risk is gone down. And every quarter that continued liquidity risk you is being brought down. So I hope that -- we don’t disclose a specific number for the overall contingent liquidity risk, but again it remains on trajectory downward.
David Herzog: Brian, I think maybe also comment the effects of what happened in the quarter with respect to capital calls and the like and on the wind down book.
David Herzog: No, we believe the intrinsic value of those assets remains and we still believe there is a significant amount of upside consistent flow we’ve articulated earlier.
David Herzog: That’s principle explained by what I told about the law sensitive business that we have changed the policy form of.
Bob Benmosche: And keep in mind that what you have here and the way they have designed the product in many cases has been trade off of communication to raid and so when you look at disinter-mediation is what you got left, you haven’t amortize that we have looked to amortize then the shock laps are on as own risk, as you might have on what traditional fixed annuity commission product so it’s -- there’s lot of contributing factors to make this we’re watching it and Jay is watching it very carefully, but it’s not as Barry you might think, if you think just normal fixed annuities.Ed Spehar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Bob Benmosche: One, the fuse is you got to make sure you do what’s right for the shareholders and there is one shareholder that has 77% of the stock and they want to make sure we maximize their value. So, that’s the fuse. If for example, we were pushed to pay it down, we’ve already developed a strategy and plan about what we would do, if we chose not to sell any of the assets that will collateralize right now. So they are free of the collateral. So, at this stage of the game, our primary shareholder is looking to maximize our value, that’s what we want and make sure that we can sell as soon as possible and so that’s the only constraint we have.
Bob Benmosche: So, let me make comment. Keep in mind that we have the holding company a lot more latitude in focusing on economic value instead of just mark to the market and the consequences to capital ratios and so on. So, we feel pretty confident that while you’re looking at various market anomalies that we’re focusing on the economic value when the stuff comes due, so I think that’s what you’ll see that we’re not worried. It’s a matter of what do we think is intrinsic and when we’re going to achieve intrinsic.
Bob Benmosche: I mean exposures were down in comp in excess casualty and in property and they are down more than 4% in that area and we’d written the less new business year-over-year from quarter to quarter because new business pricing it has been attractive as we like it today.
Peter Hancock: Yeah. So, Jimmy in terms of pricing, I think we are seeing some hardening as David already mentioned both in the property and in the causality space. He mentioned specifically overall in the U.S. over 4% year-on-year rate increase. And this is a trend that really started for us, as early as the first quarter of this year and it’s just a progression of year-on-year rate increase since then. So, I think that we’re leading the industry by about a quarter in terms of rate and on the property side, on the causality side our workers comp year-on-year in the quarter is up about 6.3% and again that’s a trend that actually was initiated earlier then the property and really as early as early middle of last year. So, we feel good about the pricing trends and on the U.S. side. On the international and on the commercial, consumer lines the news really is Japan, which is the vast bulk of our consumer business and the fact that since the beginning of this year we got a relief from the regulatory block on incremental rate increases that have been existence for three years until January this year. I think it was not just us, it’s across the whole industry. And so each quarter we’ve seen incremental pricing improvement in Japan, which we expect to continue and has been matched with increased flows as well. So we feel good about trends in Japan, although obviously somewhat distorted by events in the first quarter and both in terms of losses from the tsunami and the earthquake, but also the disruption to new business flows in the second quarter. But rate and demand in Japan is looking good.
Peter Hancock: Sorry, yes. Your point on the combined, as we laid out in the road show last year’s combined on an accident year basis 103.6. We set out a target to get that number to 90 to 95 by 2015. That’s a roughly two point improvement per annum and if you look at the projection for this year on a normalized basis, normalizing out the extraordinary CATS, we are right on track for that two point per annum improvement in accident year combined, though we’re feeling very good about our long-term aspirational plans on improving the combined.
Peter Hancock: But, it’s very complex. There is a lot of judgment and we want to make sure that everybody who oversees these kinds of activities is regulating entities, all understand what they are, it’s not simply saying well, but looks like we’re going to be profitable in future, let’s just do it. There is a lot of rules and regulations about how this works and a lot of complexity and lot of judgment and so, it’s not quite so simple to generalize what it means and we’re going through all of those steps very carefully to make sure that what we do is we’re not in a hurry. We just wanted to make sure when we do it, we want to make sure it’s right and it’s got to be very clearly right and something that’s very great.
Peter Hancock: Yeah. This is Peter speaking, to look at the topline, first thing you will do is strip our foreign exchange that’s about a 4.2% adjustment so if you look at the topline adjustment for foreign exchange it’s down 3.5%. The biggest driver of that reduction which it was about 3.4% was caused by us changing the policy form of certain policies in the U.S. along the lines that David alluded to, the law sensitive business is just simply rebooked in a way that reduces the topline has zero impact on the bottom line, it’s actually slightly positive because it reduces the premium tax. But it’s really dramatic effect on the use of statutory capital. And one example of where our focus on risk adjusted return and capital efficiency is motivating our behavior as opposed to targeting topline per se that been said we’re absolutely committed to a strategy of profitable growth. And so, we are shifting the mix of business activities that have long-term sustainable growth. And so, in our road show we talked about topline growth expectations of 3% to 6% over the five year period, we still expect that, but at any given quarter you’ll see some topline reductions as a result of exiting certain areas. One other area was the excess workers comp which contributed about 0.3 of the reduction of the topline and that’s something which we’ve talked about before as a business that we have exited.
Peter Hancock: So, first of all I was talking about aggregate total topline commercial consumer and global. As you know roughly 50% of our business is international and roughly 60% of it is commercial. So, secondly I’ve made it very clear in all of our discussions that we are seeking to grow international faster than domestic and to grow consumer faster than commercial. So the math works out that we are shrinking U.S. commercial where we feel we’re not getting adequately rewarded and so, the reductions there are quite substantial in order to get that net number on a global basis. So that’s as far as our goal to come over that.
Brian Schreiber: Sure. A key component of our capital and liquidity plan has been to reduce contingent liquidity risk at AIG. And as you know, AIG in the past had issued debt in foreign currencies and swapped that debt back to dollars. That exposed us to contingent liquidity risk from a strengthening dollar. We have net assets and we’re long capital in many of the currencies in which we have issued the debt. So, we have been able to unwind the swaps, eliminate the contingent liquidity risk and effectively invest short-term in those currencies to defies that debt. So, we are economically hedged and we have eliminated the contingent liquidity risk. We have chosen to go in reverse repos because it offers the best sort of risk adjusted returns for the company from a short-term investment standpoint, so I hope that address your question.
Brian Schreiber: The cash impaired is not encumbered it is a fundable asset that can be utilized how the parent company sees fit.
Brian Schreiber: Yeah. Essentially as Bob mentioned earlier with the volatility we’ve seen in rates, spreads equity market and FX, we had effectively zero postings in the quarter and again it’s a result of actions that we’ve taken over the last year plus again to reduce our exposure be it by terminating trades, by intermediating trades that I just described on the last question about again taking off swaps where we are effectively economically hedged.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Right now, I guess I’m just focusing specifically on U.S. commercial where premiums were down to 8%. So, U.S. commercial earnings I imagine should be lot of FX in there and you’d said I think Bob had said in prepared or maybe David said in the comment upfront that rates were up 4% in U.S. commercials. So I’m just trying to understand just U.S. commercial, what happened and I get it’s about $300 million from the change in form that you had mentioned but I’m just trying to understand what’s happening to exposures in the U.S., are they down to relative to rate and that’s why premiums looked to be about flat, that’s what I’m trying to get to.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: And any difference between large case and small case and maybe if you could touch a little bit on professional lines in particular D&O and kind of what you’re seeing there? Thanks.
Michael Nannizzi – Goldman Sachs: Well, if I’m looking U.S. commercials suggest so in your supplement, you break out commercial lines by geography. So, as looking at -- I guess it’s 3.8 to 3.5 roughly and net written premiums from 3Q ‘10 to 3Q ‘11 so I think that’s about 8%. And as I understand about $300 million of that maybe -- a decent chunk of that is the rate actions we took in the third quarter or the on…
