Brian Duperreault: Well, Josh, I think we're being realistic about our loss PICCs. There was improvement. I think there is some – recognize, the starting points, but if you go accident-year-to-accident-year there was improvements in Casualty, whether it's reducing areas of high loss levels or changing reinsurance, et cetera, we're basically getting rid of programs, et cetera. So we have made improvements, so I think they're realistic. Yeah.
Brian Duperreault: Well, I don't know if it's the third quarter. I mean, I look at it on a year-to-date basis. That's the loss ratio you got to look at and that's the one I concern myself with. And Sid tried to give you a kind of a general idea of what the accident year for the – for all of 2017 is going to be and I think that's really, to me, our starting point. And that's the one I would use.
Brian Duperreault: Okay. Yeah. Thanks, Ryan. Let me clarify. I think the reserve process is reasonable. And when I look at 2016, it's the first chance we get to look at it really, first real view of it. So, I consider this more underwriting than actuarial. This is looking at our underwriting and understanding what our starting point was and whether the changes taking effect were as strong as they were, and we're setting that up. So we are in a business of volatility. There's no question about it. So quarter-to-quarter, you're going to see movements, but as I said in my remarks, and Peter repeated, we want to dampen some of this volatility through reinsurance to take some of that out, and then get the right base going forward. And that's – I think the real takeaway for you is, that I would like you to understand is, the process is reasonable. The underwriting will get better, and we will get these accident year loss ratios down and we'll get to profitability.
Brian Duperreault: Well, look, it's very wise for me to comment on what AIG did in the past, and so, I don't want to do that. What I want to do is, say, look, I come here and I look at what we're doing now, and I think it's reasonable. I do. And to me, if you've got a problem, you recognize it, you recognize it early, you admit it, you have to fix it. That's our business. You can't go error free. What you can do is be relentless in the pursuit of the truth and the resulting actions that are required. And that's what we're doing. So, I think it's – I think we're on the right track. I really do.
Brian Duperreault: I had a feeling you'd ask something like that, Jay. So, let me give you a couple of data points, okay. There was – yeah, there's about 20% left (36:12) $10 billion, I think something like that and 80% – here's the data point, 80% of that's basically covered by the ADC. So that's data point. And the other is, as Sid pointed out, we pulled forward anything that we saw that was showing deterioration signs, the rest isn't. so, I think those are two indications of what the fourth quarter might produce.
Brian Duperreault: Can I just add to that? Elyse, let me just add to that. Look, we're buying reinsurance because we have too much volatility, frankly. And I want the partnership of a reinsurer to help me look at our portfolio. There's a lot of value in reinsurance, and we don't expect rate compression. We don't think that the resulting numbers are going to be out of line with where they should be, but we're going to see real value out of the reinsurance. And I don't expect that to be a problem. It's going to be a help to us.
Brian Duperreault: Elyse, that's interesting. I've been around a while, seen a few hard markets, but there haven't been that many. I mean, so we'll not talking about 20. They're all different. They're all different. They all start out different. They all end different. It's usually – obviously, it starts with the fact that the pricing, whatever level, isn't any good. And we certainly had that aspect. I think a lot of times, it's a withdrawal of capacity as opposed to a loss, because the catastrophe itself took it away. They tend to be localized. So in my experience, you could have a Property hard market, and you don't have a Casualty hard market. The 9/11 time was a bit different. So I think the market is recognizing that the Property levels are unsustainable, number one. Number two, the Property market has believed (41:48) it's been living off of the CAT profits. They don't exist. And number three, I think there is a real question about whether the models for CAT are hitting the mark. Is there a global warming, et cetera, the things that we're seeing, wildfires in California. So, I think there's maybe a question about the whole level of exposure that we have. All those are a great making for a market. How long it lasts? I guess it lasts as long as it lasts. How long is a piece of string? I don't know, but I do think it has all the ingredients for a significant improvement to Property because the Property has problems at the frequency level, it's got problems at the severe loss level, and it's got problems in the CAT, and all should be fixed. The interesting thing is the market – we have to do it anyway. We started taking actions and raising rates and taking care of our exposures. And the market is doing exactly the same thing. So we definitely see a sign of a market change here.
Brian Duperreault: Because we're addressing non-Property lines with the actions they require, and risk selection is the number one action taken, and we've already talked about the Property, so, no, I don't think it'll be slower.
Brian Duperreault: I'm not going to give you an expectation of what we might do in share buybacks. We bought back shares. And we may buy back shares again. I won't tell you when or how or what, but it is a capital management tool; we've used it. We do have capital; we want to deploy that capital in our business, that's primary. I believe we have places that we can deploy to make improvements in our portfolio and long-term structure, and that's the number one priority. Okay. Next question.
Brian Duperreault: Well, that's interesting, Tom. When I do a deal that adds to the – well, I think most deals do add to the balance sheet, so that's not my first thought, though, obviously. My first thought is, is it strategic? Is it something that makes us better? Do we get better people or better technology or better market penetration, or are we in places we don't? And I'm not – anything we do would make us larger. But I want us to be better and better balanced and have more diversification on earnings stream. And that trumps anything else.
Brian Duperreault: Tom, look – there's probably some of that. I would say that selection trumps price; let's start with that, okay. And if one takes action and it's price-oriented, you could suffer some risk selection issues if you're not thinking selection first. And so I've tried to emphasize in my remarks that risk selection is our first priority, and we will price the products that we like appropriately. And so if there is some adverse selection taking place, we're going to root that out.
Brian Duperreault: Yeah. So, look, I think there were some actions, and I don't want to denigrate all the work that was done here. I mean, there is some improvement. But I think the – back to what we said, Peter, and I said about the Commercial business, we attacked the structure because I think the structure was not recognizing that Specialty matters. So, there was a little too much general, it's not Specialty. We imposed, and rightfully so, better underwriting tools, tools to help underwriters get better. But we have to have the underwriters make the ultimate decisions. So I think we – I think the pendulum might have swung a little bit towards the science and less towards underwriting of selection. We want to restore that balance. I think, I know, we're in a volatile. We take a lot of volatility. Our gross lines I believe were too high. I believe our net lines were too high. So when you have issues, they're extreme. If you make a mistake, it's exacerbated. So we want to cut those extremes down. And I think, we want a better balance. I mean, you've got to pick your spots where you can make money and where you can you should reduce. Some of that took place. There's a greater, maybe, an enhanced sense of urgency to do that and, yeah, there's a – we have good people here. But there are places where we need good people that we're getting from the outside. It will always starts with people. You put a good structure together, I think we got a great structure. You put good people in that structure, you empower them, and you hold them accountable, and this is very doable. I've seen it before, I haven't seen – there's nothing I haven't seen before. This is all basic execution and it's execution that will win the day here. And we are executing.
Brian Duperreault: Well, one would hope our 2018 has improved over 2017, that's the actions we're taking. And yeah, reinsurance can speed it up a little bit, I suppose. Things still have to earn out. 2017 is going to earn out into 2018, that's just life. And there's nobody that wants to get this done any faster than me. I know you're impatient I'm even more impatient than you are. There is a sense of urgency here. We'll get it done as fast as humanly possible.
Brian Duperreault: Yeah. Investment is – we're investing in people. So there's good GOE and bad GOE, that's a good GOE.
Brian Duperreault: Right. And we're going through this – we mentioned the structure. The structure calls for – like all unit integrity, more specialized units, more of them. Technically speaking, that probably adds a little bit to expense levels. But my experience is when you put someone in charge, give them a unit, they squeeze the living daylights out of the expenses. So, I think ultimately, that's another great way to get our expenses under control. Give people responsibilities for a P&L, and you'll see expense discipline.
Brian Duperreault: I got to say, what a great question, Brian. I mean, I didn't expect to say, why you're buying any stock back? So this is interesting. It's a management, it's a capital management tool, and we deployed it and I'll continue to deploy it. Look, I don't have anything against stock buyback as a management tool. If I can find something better to do with the capital, you know I better be doing that, that's what we get paid to do. So no, we make the decisions as the moment arises, and we'll continue to do that.
Brian Duperreault: Look, I think I'm being told that we should wrap up. So operator, I'm going to just do some closing remarks now. Look, first of all, thank you, investing publics to – that listened to the story. I think, just be confident in our efforts. We will right this ship, it's started already. I am a very optimistic man about this, I really am. And then, I really want to finish by thanking the employees. Look, we've gone through a very difficult quarter, catastrophes that have affected us as a business and affected us personally, and I can't be prouder. So thanks, everybody.
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Jay. Why don't I just comment on what's happening on with rate. And as Brian mentioned and I followed-up is that the tax have been a catalyst for pushing rate, but the accident years for Property have underperformed I think in the industry, with a lot of rate pressure from the better part of the last four years. I think the lack of CAT has allowed the attritional loss ratio to kind of creep up. So in the third quarter, we began to push rate and that was on CAT exposed as well non-CAT exposed business and the rates are holding. I mean, just a reminder, our fourth quarter is the seasonally smallest quarter for Property, so it'll take a little bit of time. I actually think that the reinsurance market hasn't fully worked its way out either with the retro capacity we see capital being raised, so that's really to serve a lot of the current portfolio, how that translates into reinsurance and then into primary, we will see. But we have been over-communicating with distribution partners and clients and outlining a lot of specific reasons why we need rate and the early signs are that we're achieving it.
Peter Zaffino: All right, Elyse, well, we had a fairly traditional CAT program on a per occurrence basis. We're looking at a variety of different options in the market now. We're looking at different ways of structuring the CAT, we're looking at different ways to structure our per risk, looking for perhaps some catastrophe covering our per risk. So, we're looking at a variety of different structures. So, we'll be in a better position to talk about it in the fourth quarter. I'm not sure that on our book, we're going to see a significant amount of rate in the reinsurance structure, that's yet to be determined. And that's not going to really influence what we're doing on the front-end. We're pushing rate because we need to improve our accident years in Property.
Peter Zaffino: Yeah, Brian, I think just to add to what you were saying is that by creating these distinct units that have very strong capabilities within their segment, if you look AIGRM, the ability to share best practices across the loss sensitive and Risk Management business is going to yield better results. We are doing a bottoms-up review, so Bill Rabl is going to look at – there's a finite amount of risk, there's 800 (50:48), we're going to do a ground up view of risk selection, attachment points and using all the tools, data and capabilities that we have to price the business. So we're really going to get into the details and focus on underwriting and improving the book.
Peter Zaffino: Yes. I think Larry, back to what we had talked about on the risk appetite for a property per risk, we probably – when we were re-underwriting the book, I think we took some very good actions to try to improve the overall portfolio. I believe focusing on areas of key segmentation and continuing that evolution. But I think it'll be a better chance for us to update in the next quarter when we have an understanding of our per risk. I think our tolerance is going to decrease, and so some of those spikes that perhaps you've seen in the past will be leveled out. I think that's what Brian was referring to, and lessening the volatility that we're seeing on some of the losses, even in Casualty where we just have too big of a net. So, I don't think you can draw to one specific reason as to why it's occurring, other than we want to protect the balance sheet and protect our results through reinsurance purchasing above severe.
