Erik Bass: I just wanted to walk through the mechanics of the capital transfers prior to the IPO, just to make sure that I have this correct. Is the expectation that Life and Retirement will issue debt and then use the proceeds to pay the $8.3 billion dividend to the AIG Holding Company, and that will then, in turn, use that cash to retire debt? And I guess, is the takeaway that this will put you in a leverage position such that all of the net IPO proceeds will be available to shareholders or for growth investments? Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Yes, it's a really good question, Erik. Thanks for that. Shane, maybe you can just answer Erik's question, but also just give a high level in terms of how we're thinking about the sequencing with the IPO. 
Erik Bass: Got it. And then I believe that you transferred the ownership of the asset management business to Life and Retirement at the end of the year? Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Yes. 
Erik Bass: Can you just help us think about the impact of this change on go-forward results for both L&R and other ops? Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Well, this is a process that we've outlined as part of the separation. So there's a variety of steps in terms of sequencing that. One is that we transfer the investment management group to Life and Retirement as part of the separation. We've been operationally taken assets under management as we put in the prepared remarks and have been very open and transparent about Blackstone. So that was a transfer. We have a sort of target operating model that we're working through with Life and Retirement and with the remaining AIG in terms of the pace in which we will make those changes. But we're going to optimize that structure to make sure that it's in the range of what the sort of AUM basis point fee was in terms of our internal management with using an outsourcing model. So we'll continue to give you more and more guidance, but you should know that like in sequential steps, we want to get the transfer for -- into Life Retirement, then Blackstone and then how we optimize the target operating model to make sure there's not headwinds for Life Retirement in the future. 
