Robert Benmosche: Well, I guess I can only tell you that of the top 3300 executives of AIG, during 2012 of the top 30% performers of that group, we retained 94% of those people. So, I know you want to focus on four people in property casualty business. It's a very big and successful business. We are going to lose people to competitors from time to time. We have an outstanding team that is still here. You saw how quickly Peter was able to put new executives in charge. I think the reaction to this step has been very positive. So turn over occurs, but if you can retain 94% of your top 3300 people running this company -- and by the way, 45% of that group have been with AIG more than ten years, 15% of that group more than 20%. So we have experience. We have a deep bench. We have a talented group of people. Not everybody is going to be happy with the company as we go forward, and I can see that our competition is struggling a little bit with their flows and so they are getting in businesses they weren’t in traditionally. So I think we are fine and we are moving on. So I think this is the only way I can answer the question.
Robert Benmosche: What we said is that we are going to focus on our coverage ratio. We are going to continue to focus on liability management. We also want to make sure that we have completed the sale of ILFC, so that that non-core asset is now completed in terms of the sale so that we reduce our debt, for example even though it's not direct but about $25 billion. That’s a key milestone we have to reach. We are continuing to look at our capital plan and doing our stress testing. And we are meeting with rating agencies to make sure that whatever we do does not cause them any concern. And then our second priority is for liability management we said will be a dividend. And after that we would still like to do stock buybacks but we will do it in a very slow and cautious way to make sure that we do nothing to affect our current ratings and that the rating agencies are satisfied with what we are doing to [address] the most important thing for AIG right now, it's to maintain and build on the confidence that we can make guarantees, [book] sometimes with people's lifetimes, and we will be here to live up to those guarantees. So that’s our highest priority as we go forward. And so as the year progresses, you can see our numbers, you can see our performance. When we think it's prudent and everyone else feels it's prudent, we will make those decisions.
Robert Benmosche: I think on the SIFI part of it, we’re working -- remember we are now being regulated by the Federal Reserve. We've been working through a lot of things with them since they arrived in September. We have a very good working relationship. They have dug into understand a lot about our businesses. They are now in the process of fully examining the way we stress test this organization. So the SIFI process is going to be something we'll have to go through. But I think the biggest issue there probably would be what amounts of additional cushion you may have to have. But as far as the basics, you've got to make sure that you're running these companies, insurance companies, the banks and so on in a sound way.  There is a huge public outcry of making sure that these institutions don't eat taxpayer money. And unfortunately we have not done a very good job as an industry explaining how much has been done in the last four years with over $400 billion of additional capital being raised to strengthen these institutions. So it's very difficult for them to payout based upon the stress test that everyone is going through today. So a lot of progress has been made. People have still not declared victory unfortunately. So I think that's the bigger crowd, but I'm pretty confident that SIFI or not SIFI, at the end we are going to be able to demonstrate financial strength of this Company, that our stress tests are very well done, that we understand risk management, that we've dealt with the non-core assets and that AIG has the financial strength to do its capital management on a go forward basis in a prudent way.  So that's pretty much where we are at and when SIFI comes, it comes, but it will be more about the ratios than the quality of our numbers.
Robert Benmosche: Well, I will have John elaborate, but I think we made it very clear that we think the first quarter was a light cat quarter. So, yes, the cat quarter needs to be normalized for the normal run rate of cat. We have seen a growth in our property business, especially international property, especially our large limit property. But our aggregate PMLs have been coming down steadily as we manage our aggregations more and more. So I think it's an inherently volatile line and so you need to normalize for cat activity. But, John, you want to elaborate on that.
Robert Benmosche: Yes, absolutely, you could. It's a question of capital intense products. It's a whole other series of factors that go on here. And what's important is that it's the quality of what we do. Peter has said numerous times that the combined ratio is a consequence of what we do, it's not what we manage. And when you get involved in managing that combined ratio, you could do some dumb things. There are things you can do to reduce your expense ratio, which is reducing your expenses and there are other techniques you could do in financial engineering. We want people to focus on the fundamentals, focus on accident year loss ratios, run this thing in the right way, and in the end we believe the combined will get into that range of 90%, 95%. But most important is you want to continue to grow the quality of the earnings and you want to have a better ROE. And if you continue to grow earnings and improve your ROE and shareholder return continues to get better, and total shareholder return plus earnings per share, those are the key indicators for us, and if that all moves in the right direction then I think people should be paid and they will be paid. So I think their senses are very aligned to doing what's right for the shareholders and they’re in there with the shareholders with the stock-based compensation long-term.
David Herzog: I'm not quite sure I follow your math. Maybe we could do that offline. I think that's probably the best way to handle that.
David Herzog: Yeah, sure. This is David. Through 2012 we did $13 billion of common equity share repurchase and thus far this year we've done a little over $2 billion of debt capital management. Again, I gave you the interest savings on that. We don't view maturities that are being funded through cash as part of that capital management. That's just part of the ongoing management of the Company. So the early calls on the hybrids, we do consider that part of our capital management goal. So if you think about it, through the end of this year we’ll have done with what we've already done, plus the planned call on the hybrid, we’ll have done close to $16 billion against that 25 to 30.  So that's how you -- that's where we are to date. And then the Company continues to generate deployable capital. We said $4 billion to $5 billion per year of dividends and distributions from our operating companies. We have interest expense and some parent Company expenses of roughly $2 billion or so a year. And so therein lies the generation of deployable capital. And as Bob referenced earlier, the unencumbered proceeds from ILFC, which will be available at the holding Company for consideration.
David Herzog: Bob, I think you have laid that out very well. The items that give rise to variability. Things like the alternative investments or the direct investment book, that will, again, over time pull to a level of intrinsic value that will ultimately be monetized. Again the path from here to there is not a straight line. So again, we give you some broad parameters around what's on the balance sheet vis-à-vis the direct investment book in terms of the total assets and total liabilities. We also in the financial supplement give you some parameters around what the alternative investments are for each of our core businesses that again you can make some reasonable assumptions based upon the prior performance and your expectations about what the equity markets and the like will do over time. So what we try to do for you is give you a sense of what those underlying variable items are so you can make your own determination and assessment about them again. We are making risk returns tradeoffs in terms of maintaining and holding those assets as we did with, for example, the global capital markets and some of the wind down portfolios in the legacy financial products book. Again, over time, we believe there is intrinsic value that’s appropriate for us to hang on to, given the risk return and as it will pull through intrinsic, again over time. So there are some pages in the supplement that give you the underlying balance sheets that you can make those assumptions.
David Herzog: I think we remain committed to our long term aspirational goals and the results of the company, the progress that Peter and Jay are making, are the basis that give us confidence to remain committed to those goals.
David Herzog: Hi Mark, it's David. Thank you. Yeah, your math is correct. If you look at Page 7 of the call deck, you get -- in that zip code, its $5.96 billion as of the end of the quarter. Then again what I said earlier was that again at the holding company we have at the end of the – when we exit 2013, the run rate interest expense will reflect our cash funded maturities and the active or proactive debt capital management that we have undertaken this year. So the interest expense will come down accordingly. But nonetheless we’ll have roughly $2 billion plus -- $2.2 billion, $2 billion something like that in terms of annual expenses at the holding company to be funded. Again, from that -- again, we've not given a specific amount or an algorithm, or a formula, or a stated amount to hold, but that gives you a sense of what prudent financial management would call for. So in any event then you can go from there in terms of how we’re generating deployable capital for consideration once the SIFI designations are known and we understand the requirements of the stress test, et cetera.
David Herzog: Well, I think you should think about it as opportunistic, and we will assess the progress that we've made vis-à-vis our coverage ratios that Bob spoke about earlier and we'll evaluate again all facts and circumstances at that time. So again we've made very good progress in 2013 on the goals we set out to improve our coverage ratio. And, again, I think that as we have done in the past, we will look to optimize returns for all the various stakeholders. And obviously capital management is an important part of that. 
David Herzog: On the valuation allowance, Josh, we took on the DTA -- on the capital loss carry forwards, took down by about $750 million. That was through income and there was about another $50 million or so that came off through OCI. So in total, strategies that produced prudent and feasible transactions were about $800 million or so. And then on the DTA utilization, Jeff Farber.
David Herzog: Jay, I will go first, and then maybe you comment, and Bill, if you want to add to it. A very substantial portion, Mike, of the capital loss carryforward DTA expires at the end of 2013. We have, there's about $1 billion or so that spills over into '14 but the bulk of the carryforward expires at the end of this year. Now, the NOLs, just to be clear, the NOLs go out through 2028 and '29. So there's a very ample time there. And then the foreign tax credits are more in the 2020, '21, '22 range. So that gives you a sense of the expiries.
David Herzog: Just to add to that. Thanks Jay. The amount that we have actually utilized is actually ahead of what we thought we would do originally when we first set forth our aspirational goals back in early 2011. So we will have utilized about half of the amount in which exceeded the 20% to 25% level we were expecting that we could at the time. So, Liz, back to you.
John Doyle: Hey, John, it's John Doyle. When you normalize for the accounting changes and some of the reinsurance activity in the quarter, it was a 20% increase in net written premiums in the quarter.
John Doyle: I would just add that the exposure growth in property -- I mentioned John that the premium growth, net written growth in the quarter was about 20%. But the exposure growth was less than that. We saw about 8%, 9% of price improvement in our portfolio, property portfolio. And as Peter mentioned, our P&L are on now a modest decline year-over-year, so the exposure growth will come outside of cat and really outside of our peak zones in the United States.
John Doyle: Jay, it's John. Our property losses were in line with what we expect, including shock losses in the quarter. I would say that the shock losses are the more than $10 million losses in property were in line with what our expectations were, but higher than a year ago and higher than the fourth quarter.
Peter Hancock: The issue is that Japan, unlike the U.S. is heavily a consumer business and is our largest direct marketing operation which has substantial upfront marketing costs which are expensed in the current period. So from a GAAP net income point of view, you are absolutely right. The bottom line in yen is actually quite small. But the value of new business that we originate, if you were to capitalize that acquisition cost over the expected life of the, persistency of these policies, which are annual policies but have a very high renewal percentage, makes it a very attractive business from a lifetime customer value perspective. So from a value point of view, we are hurt by the weaker yen because that value of new business is reduced, but from a GAAP reported bottom line, we are pretty indifferent. So that does present some hedging dilemmas in terms of GAAP reported volatility. But I think your way of observing the top line impact is where the visible effect of the yen is most notable but that the GAAP volatility as a result of yen volatility is negligible. But from a value point of view that franchise is valuable but it will be realized over the life of these customer relationships.
Peter Hancock: We have currency exposures in all 90 countries we operate in. We manage our currency exposures in a top down way because we have positives and negatives all over the place. We do not do micro-hedging of each line item. So that’s all I think I would say about the hedging approach.
Peter Hancock: This is Peter. The aspirational goals are laid out in different components. There is a combined number. There is an ROE number. And the one that -- if you want to pick any one of them that is the most important one that we focus on is the ROE one. So we, as you know, gave a range for the combined and if you want to be at the lower end of that range, if interest rates are high and you're getting your results flattened by high investment income and you'd be -- so I think that what we view as the alignment between the compensation plan is effectively an ROE goal. And so if we are on the ROE walk that delivers the 2015 goal, then people will feel pleased. So it's I think a very strong alignment. We set fairly broad goals.  We don't break up the Company into little silos and that's a big change and I think culturally has people working together across boundaries, whether its geographic boundaries or business line boundaries so that everybody wins if we all win as a team. And I think that that's a really showing up in the culture of the Company and our customers are giving us feedback on that. So I think we want to align interest with the shareholders as well as making sure that our units work together across boundary as well. So it is a pool approach of how the property casualty business as a whole achieves its ROE goal, which then drives the ROE goal of AIG.
Peter Hancock: I think, I mentioned earlier in the context of discussing yen exposure, direct marketing hurts our combined ratio but creates extremely good value. We've talked many times about the marginal ROE over the lifetime of those customer relationships as being in the 20s, 20%, based on very reliable actuarial histories. And so we wouldn't want to underspend on direct marketing simply to get under the wire on a combined target. We want to do good, valuable business and build long-term customer relationships that make sense. And for the skeptics, we will publish greater and greater detail about those actuarial assumptions so that you don't think that we are foolishly wasting money on growth.
Peter Hancock: I’ll help you out. I think the basic comment we've made is we have a $1 billion of savings for all of AIG. We have said a good piece of it comes from the fact that we’re doing this whole technology improvement, rebuilding our platform. We’ve gone from 28 data centers down to two. We are moving from 12,500 servers to roughly 2,000 to 3,000, all moved into high secure locations. All of that will give us a lot more cost savings and benefits. We are rolling out a new one claim system for example throughout the Property Casualty business. That’s a huge investment. Our financial architecture, where we have almost 6,000 people at AIG today and working in various aspects of finance. We are rolling our common ledgers and so on, building new processes around that. So this is a fundamental change in how we do business and it's at the highest level. We keep track of those benefits. We're well on our way to achieve that $1 billion goal. So it's not just a focus on Property Casualty. It’s really about the overall of AIG. At this point, I think we’re out of time.
