John Q. Doyle: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Today I will discuss our Commercial Insurance segment's third quarter results, market trends, and our strategic outlook. Pre-tax operating income in the third quarter was $815 million, a decrease from $1.2 billion in the same period last year. As David highlighted earlier, the decrease in investment returns was the primary driver in the decline in Commercial's operating income. In Property Casualty, as noted on page 13, our underwriting results benefited from modest catastrophe losses in the quarter but were offset by an increase in current accident year losses driven by higher loss expectations in Commercial Auto, Healthcare, and Environmental, higher-than-expected attritional losses in Property, and increased severe losses. For the 9 months severe losses were comparable to last year. However, they were approximately $100 million higher than expected. About a quarter of the period's severe losses were related to the Tianjin, China explosion. We expect modest accident year loss ratio improvement in the fourth quarter, which should continue into 2016. While short-tail results can be volatile in any given quarter, we remain confident that our strategies will drive sustainable improvement in the accident year loss ratio. Our actuarial review work this quarter resulted in $186 million of net adverse prior year reserve development associated with Healthcare and Environmental reserves. The change in loss picks had an outsized impact on the third quarter accident year loss ratio, as it fully reflects the year-to-date change in those loss picks. As a result we have taken remediation action, including exiting certain classes of these businesses. We also had favorable prior year reserve development of approximately $100 million in Property. Going forward you can expect us to continue our value-based management approach and reduce exposure to certain poorer performing segments of U.S. Casualty, which as you can see shrunk by 10% in the third quarter. Net premiums written declined just over 1% excluding FX. And as a result of our continuing strategy to optimize the portfolio and maintain underwriting discipline in overly competitive markets. We continue to have strong growth and focused lines of business, where we see good returns and greater opportunity, such as large limit and middle market property, cyber risk, and M&A insurance. I would expect continued pressure on the top-line growth, given the overall rate environment. However, diversification and new sources of distribution such as AIG-Ascot Re in Bermuda and the NSM acquisition are now contributing to our top line. General operating expenses declined from the year ago quarter, but the GOE ratio increased as a result of lower net premiums earned and the impact of the NSM acquisition. The increase in acquisition costs was primarily driven by the impact of NSM. Overall, rates declined by 1.4% in the quarter, driven by rate pressure in Property and across all lines in Asia Pacific and EMEA. Average rate change was positive in Casualty and essentially flat in Specialty and Financial Lines. If you turn to slide 14, Mortgage Guaranty's third quarter operating results were excellent, benefiting from improved loss experience due to lower expectation of delinquencies and higher cure rates. As you can also see production volume was also strong in the quarter. Although certain of our underwriting results in the quarter were disappointing, we remain confident in the underwriting improvements underway. And we expect to benefit from our further cost reduction efforts and capital efficiency initiatives. While there is a lot of work to do, it is clear to me that our investment in underwriting excellence, the application of science, and new technologies will improve client experience and make us a more efficient commercial insurer. Thank you. And I'd now like to turn the call over to Kevin.
John Q. Doyle: Sure, Jay. As you know over the course of the last several years we've had meaningful improvement in our accident year loss ratio. I think since the beginning of 2011 about 8.5 points of accident year loss ratio improvement. So we've done well over time. But it has flattened out this year. And I think really driven by two different things. One is higher than expected short-tail losses. I commented briefly on the severe losses in the quarter. And then we saw generally higher severity than we had expected in Transportation, Commercial Auto, in Environmental, and in Healthcare. So as you saw we took action in the quarter, put remediation plans in place from the underwriting point of view, moved some segments of those lines into run-off as well. But took the opportunity to strengthen current accident year reserve. So as I said I do expect some modest improvement, not what we had expected earlier in the year, given what has happened in those markets, those segments. But we do expect a bit of loss ratio improvement in the fourth quarter and again next year. Costs will in this market become increasingly important as well. So that remains an important lever for us as we go forward.
John Q. Doyle: Yeah. I commented that on my earlier remarks. But in Healthcare and in Commercial Auto, when we strengthen the loss picks in the quarter it goes back to 1:1 (31:31). So it has got an outsized impact on the current quarter reported results.
John Q. Doyle: If I understand your question, I think it was about a 2-point impact, the loss pick impact in the quarter relating to Healthcare, Auto, and Environmental as well.
John Q. Doyle: Yes. So a combination of growth in programs at a higher acquisition rate and then writing less Casualty business in the U.S., much of which is net of commission, drove the increase in acquisition cost.
John Q. Doyle: No, there was nothing one-time-ish about it. We've had a long history of being a leader in the program business in the United States. It's consistent with our strategy on how we go down market in the U.S. and focus on niche classes with unique products. NSM gives us access to distribution, to agency distribution, that we otherwise don't have. And our program strategy does the same thing. We've done business with them for a long time. So there was nothing kind of one-off-ish about the results in the quarter. It's a higher value, a greater risk adjusted profitability in that segment relative to the U.S. Casualty business. So the trade-offs are about risk adjusted bottom-line results between those two units.
Kevin T. Hogan: Thank you, John, and good morning, everyone. This morning I'll discuss the trends in our Consumer Insurance businesses and comments on our strategic initiatives, including our ongoing work in Japan. In the third quarter our Consumer Insurance businesses generated pre-tax operating income of $657 million. Turning to slide 16. Pre-tax operating income for Retirement was $635 million for the quarter, reflecting the lower alternative investment income that David highlighted, a decline in base portfolio income, and a lower net positive adjustment from the annual update of actuarial assumptions. Base portfolio income for retirement decreased as a result of lower reinvestment rates and lower invested assets, principally driven by significant dividends to AIG parent over the last 12 months. We continue to expect base yields to decline 2 basis points to 4 basis points per quarter given current interest rates. Retirement saw good overall sales growth, both sequentially and year over year, particularly in fixed annuities. The key growth drivers were broader distribution of new product offerings with fixed deferred annuity bank channel sales also benefiting from higher market interest rates as a result of widening credit spreads. We have continued to see good growth in index annuities, which we began breaking out on page 31 of the financial supplement this quarter. Net flows improved by almost $1.2 billion compared to the year ago quarter across our businesses, due to continued strong net flows in Retirement income solutions and improvements in net flows and Fixed Annuities and Group Retirement. Slide 18 presents results for our Global Life business. Life reported a pre-tax operating loss this quarter from lower alternative returns, mortality experience that was within pricing expectations but less favorable than the year-ago quarter, and a higher net negative adjustment from the update of actuarial assumptions. Life premiums and deposits grew 8% from the same quarter a year ago, excluding the effects of foreign exchange, reflecting the continued growth in Japan and the acquisition of AIG Life Limited. The AIG Life Limited and Laya Healthcare acquisitions were also the primary driver of growth in Life general operating expenses. Turning to slide 19. Personal Insurance results this quarter were impacted by lower net investment income and modestly lower underwriting income, which included higher catastrophe losses offset by favorable prior year development. Net premiums written grew 3.5% from the same quarter a year ago excluding the effects of foreign exchange, driven by growth across all products with the exception of warranty service programs in the U.S., where new premiums reflect the increased deductible structure we instituted to improve performance in this portfolio. The overall expense ratio declined 0.2 points as a decrease in the general operating expense ratio was partially offset by an increase in the acquisition ratio. The acquisition ratio increased primarily due to a profit-sharing arrangement in warranty service programs and higher acquisition costs in Automobile, partially offset by lower accidents and health direct marketing expenses. The general operating expense ratio decreased, primarily reflecting the timing of investment and strategic initiatives, together with an ongoing focus on cost efficiency. In Japan we continue to accelerate growth in our target markets, while making significant progress in preparation for the legal merger. We have determined that work we have completed to date enables cost benefits even before legal merger, including realignment of our marketing activities and simplification of our structure, leading to our decision to reduce emphasis on the actual merger date and extend the timeline. By doing this we can continue to enhance current performance, take actions to meet new regulatory requirements, and reduce the amount of immediate investment required without jeopardizing the eventual merger. To close for our Consumer businesses we remain focused on achieving profitable growth and effectively managing risk by executing on our customer focused strategies, maintaining a prudent risk profile, and targeting capital efficient growth opportunities. Now I'd like to turn it back to Liz to open up the Q&A.
Kevin T. Hogan: Thanks, Mike. As we've consistently said with respect to the merger in Japan, the timeline is something that is determined by external as well as our own events. And the reality is that recently there has been a new regulatory requirement to change the earthquake rates on certain of the property products. And in anticipation of that we've really been focusing on trying to understand, how can we extract benefits from the investments that we've made to date? Even before the actual legal merger date, we've invested quite a lot in a series of common products and a front end that serves both the agency businesses and also our footprint strategy across the businesses. And so even though the actual merger date itself may have to be pushed out a little bit because of this regulatory requirement, we do expect some of the early benefits to start emerging as early as next year. We recently announced that we're refocusing our direct marketing activities of supplemental health insurance in Fuji Life, which is really something that is facilitated by this. And that we'll start winding down activities at American Home. And this is a good example of the type of simplification of our organizational structure and our marketing activities that the investments that we have made in preparation for the merger will allow. So this allows us to reduce a little bit the emphasis on expenses in the preparation for the merger itself, as well as extracting benefits earlier. So we anticipate that the benefits – we're still investing in preparation for the legal merger. So we're not going to be at the run rate we expect to be in 3 years to 5 years immediately, but we'll start to see less pressure on expenses as of next year.
Kevin T. Hogan: So I understand the point, Mike. And we have loss ratios in the various businesses that we believe are competitive and sustainable. And it is the expense and the acquisition costs that we're focusing on. As Peter mentioned – and in fact if you go back to the Investor Day we held last year, we introduced the market maturity model, where essentially we're identifying what are the appropriate products and channels to be in, in which territories. And we've taken action. We've actually moved away from writing new business in 17 territories for Automobile as an example, where we just didn't have scale. We're doing the same thing with respect to Personal Property and focusing our investments in the places where we can generate scale. And we recognize that we have to match that world-class loss ratio with an appropriate expense structure. And we are taking steps to do so. On the acquisition costs I'll just add that really what's driving the acquisition cost is the change in the warranty services structure in the States, where we did introduce a substantial deductible change to the program as we explained a year or so ago. And that is bringing down the loss ratio, which then has the effect of increasing of profit sharing arrangements. And that's what's really driving the specific acquisition ratio.
Kevin T. Hogan: Yeah. Thanks, Gary. The answer is yes. We have previously characterized the benefits emergence as essentially a cliff after the legal merger date. But we did recognize that our responsibility is to try to extract benefits as early as possible. And we consistently review how it is that we can benefit from the investments that we're making. And we have identified that we can take steps now to begin to extract benefits earlier than what we had previously anticipated. After the legal merger, of course, there will be further benefits, because we will be able to wind down duplication of systems and product ranges. But, in the meantime, we are able to make progress on combining certain marketing activities and management activities.
Peter D. Hancock: Well, Tom, thank you for the question. So UGC is a business which was for sale for virtually nothing back in the crisis days. And since then we've invested in it, modernized it, and taken it from number five to number one in its industry, and it's performing very well today. We've kept it as a very modular unit, so it gives us strategic flexibility. But today it is a core business making a significant contribution to the company. But over time we are always flexible if the right opportunity to monetize assets was to come along. But today it's core, contributing, and we enjoy certain operational synergies with it. It originates whole loans for our investment portfolio and gives us I think a source of attractive returns in the mortgage market. So we don't announce or pre-announce any strategic actions. And so no further comment on the topic.
Peter D. Hancock: And I think the important capital constraint on this is the PMIERs capital constraint. So that's really the right lens to view the capital adequacy for UGC's current book of business and future growth prospects.
Peter D. Hancock: The answer is definitively no. I think that the right way to look at this if you – we are among about 30 SIFIs, banks and non-banks. And we anticipated this designation before we exited the government's cradle. And therefore executed massive deleveraging and divestitures of precisely the activities which the SIFI regulations were designed to eliminate. So whether it's ILFC, whether it's American General Finance, or other activities, our Consumer finance businesses, which required short-term funding. So we don't have run risk in terms of short-term obli's(32:56). We eliminated the derivatives book. So unlike other SIFIs that are today in a deleveraging and divestiture mode, we got that done by the end of 2011. So it's simply not the binding constraint. The rating agencies are the critical binding constraint that governs our buyback pace. And the longer they get comfortable with the stability of our operating model and our ability to execute on it, the more and more they will give us capacity to use capital more efficiently than we have in the past. But it's definitively not either current or anticipated SIFI capital rules.
Peter D. Hancock: So very few people are actually employed in the holdco per se. So I think that just sort of read more into your question perhaps, how do we view shared services? We have a number of very sizeable shared service centers, which perform a range of services from operations, technology, claims, and other activities, and finance that are in low-cost locations both in the United States and overseas. And we've been moving roughly 2,000 jobs to those low-cost centers per year. And so this is a very substantial shift in the head count mix and the cost per unit of head count. You had an increase in the total head count during this transition period, because you have to mirror the jobs. You can't just flip the switch overnight. And so you have a doubling up of a number of these jobs. The pace of that migration, which started about 3.5 years ago, has gone from about 1,600 migrations in 2014 to about 2,000 this year. So it's a very substantial shift in the way the company has provided services to create scale and rationalization of a very diffused operational environment, and has improved controls and provides the platform for future automation of what were very manual processes that were decentralized and had a lot of redundancy. So I don't know whether that helps answer your question, but that's sort of the basic head count story.
Peter D. Hancock: I think that there will be fewer people, because a lot of those jobs will eventually be replaced by automation. We also, beyond the head count numbers that you see, have a very substantial number of contractors. And that number will also decline. So between contractors and head count in total we'd expect that number to be substantially lower. And our technology would be a bigger part of the spend and the scalable infrastructure that gives us, will lower our unit costs substantially.
Peter D. Hancock: Yeah. No. I think that we made the decision to talk about the 3% to 5% or $1 billion to $1.5 billion expense number target as a net number. So it's inclusive of substantial and growing investment in technology and growth initiatives. So the number that was cited earlier, the $300 million to $500 million, ebbed into the $500 million, $600 million is related to the specific actions in our announced restructuring charge. So it's really a component of the broader net target.
Peter D. Hancock: Well as I mentioned earlier the Fed and any anticipated rules that they may come up with from a capital perspective have absolutely no bearing on our capital returns. The one area where I'd say that they are watching very carefully is to make sure that our internal governance process is up to the highest possible standards. So that when we do decide to take capital actions that that is not management shooting from the hip, it's management documenting why they decided to do what they do, getting the board fully onboard with that decision, and documenting their board's approval. So it's our own true north of what we think makes sense. And as I mentioned in the earlier question the binding constraint today is the attitude of the rating agencies. And so where we have incurred additional compliance costs as a result of the Fed's involvement, it's around improving governance and operational risk as opposed to capital. As I mentioned earlier we de-levered the company and simplified the risk profile so much.
Peter D. Hancock: In order to exit early from the government's assistance program, that it just simply, not an issue for us. It's a huge issue for others, and that's why this issue gets so much public discussion. They haven't de-levered their balance sheets yet.
Peter D. Hancock: I think that interest coverage has been an issue in the past. I think that we've done a lot to change the debt profile by replacing high coupon debt with fresh low coupon debt. But most importantly replacing short term debt with very long term debt. So today we have very little exposure to refinancing risk at all. And the other thing is that we make less and less of a distinction between financial and operating leverage. Some of our key competitors have perhaps better interest coverage ratio, but a whole lot more leverage in their operating companies than we do. So I think that there's no single ratio that the rating agencies fixate on. It's a broader set of issues that they look at in terms of our risk management governance and our commitment to using the right kind of criteria for prioritizing business in terms of looking at risk adjusted returns as opposed to simply volume. So the value versus volume is starting to take root in the culture of the company in a way that I think is being noticed by the rating agencies. But the biggest issue with the rating agencies is seeing a longer track record of stability in the group structure. We had to massively overcapitalize the company in the immediate emergence from the Fed assistance, as a result of the fact that there was no track record of the group as it stood. We had sold so many companies in the immediate aftermath that they wanted to see some stability. And so that's why it's very important that we maintain a steady process of simplification, as opposed to any radical abruptness, which is simply attract more capital against the uncertainties.
Peter D. Hancock: No, it's interesting. On the one hand what you say is correct. But the other hand they present value reserves. And so it actually becomes a more benign regime than the PMIERs. So PMIERs is the binding constraint, because it does not present value reserves.
Peter D. Hancock: So as I mentioned earlier, this is really targeting senior leaders, the top 1,400 of the firm. No area of the firm is left untouched. But it's certainly not just simply a pro rata. It's a thoughtful and selective, very targeted approach, which has been worked on for over 9 months with great attention to how the future mix of business will require leaders. I'd like to add that these are leaders that have contributed hugely to the transition of the company. And we just – with a more focused, narrower strategy going forward, we just need fewer generals on the field. And so these are quite talented and highly paid individuals. We just simply need fewer cooks in the kitchen.
Peter D. Hancock: I think that – yes. I think philosophically we want to move to a consumption-based transfer pricing mechanism throughout the company. But we are still in a hybrid of historical legacy approaches of allocated cost and historical cost approaches. So it's a transition to a much more market-driven approach internally to provide appropriate incentives to outsource where it makes sense and insource where it makes sense. But I think that's hopefully helpful for you to see where we are.
Peter D. Hancock: And generally speaking we've tried very hard to make sure that our frontline businesses are focused on growing marginal profitability and not confusing marginal with fully loaded, where fixed costs are just arbitrarily allocated. So we've tried to keep fixed cost in more centralized pools, where we have accountable executives to reduce those fixed costs to lower the break-even point for businesses that are subscale but need to grow. We don't want to confuse the strategic signals as to whether it's a unit cost problem or whether there's a lack of scale problem. And that's one of the reasons why we don't just do arbitrary allocation. So that's our approach.
David L. Herzog: Yes. Tom, the capital that we hold for that business is much more manageable by AIG, given our broad balance sheet, our ability to fund the capital need through internal reinsurance. And likewise we did a recent cap bond that was also a very capital efficient transaction for us. So I wouldn't characterize it as a buffer. We're holding adequate capital, and we have adequate capital flexibility with respect to that business.
David L. Herzog: Jay, I would – this is David. I would just add – and, John, you may want to comment, we – with respect to the current accident year loss pick catch-up, so there was some of that in the quarter as well. You may want to talk...
David L. Herzog: We're – Gary (sic) [John], thanks. It's David. We haven't updated the NAV disclosure at this time. You might – we also did not – during the quarter did not free up any additional capital from it. So it wouldn't be materially different than it was in prior disclosure. So I would just point you to that.
David L. Herzog: Hang on one second. (55:45 – 55:50) I think it's the S&P – the explicit diversification benefits, I don't know that we have disclosed publicly, but it is quite substantial. It's north of $5 billion in diversification benefits.
David L. Herzog: That is primarily a corporate-related, governance-related activity. There's some amount of regulatory in there, obviously. And there's a portion of finance in there. But we do push down quite a bit of expenses. The IT expenses are on a consumption basis. So it is a mixture. It's not one or the other.
David L. Herzog: On a consumption basis but it is also subject to the same expense reduction initiatives that we've outlined.
