Brian Duperreault: Good morning, and thank you for joining us today. I'd like to highlight some of the important milestones we achieved in 2020, and then I'll turn it over to Peter to provide more detail on our results for General Insurance and Life and Retirement as well as updates on strategic initiatives such as the separation of the Life and Retirement business and AIG 200. Lastly, Mark will provide a CFO update.   2020 was an extraordinary year during which our company demonstrated tremendous resiliency. We quickly and effectively transitioned more than 90% of our workforce in over 50 countries to remote working. We established a cross-functional task force to implement best practices to protect the health and safety of colleagues while continuing to deliver high-quality service to clients, distribution partners and other stakeholders.   AIG continues to effectively manage through COVID-19 and its collateral effects on the global economy because of the strong foundation we began to build beginning in late 2017. We instilled a culture of underwriting excellence, adjusted risk tolerances, implemented best-in-class reinsurance programs, strengthened our vast global footprint, derisked the balance sheet and maintained a balanced and diversified investment portfolio. And in October, we announced our intention to separate the Life and Retirement business from AIG, which was made possible by the work our team has done to strengthen General Insurance in particular and position each business as a market leader.   Before I turn it over to Peter, I want to note that this is the last earnings call I will participate in. As you know, we announced that on March 1, I will become Executive Chairman of the Board, and Peter will take over as President and Chief Executive Officer. The transition will be seamless.  Peter and I have tackled many of the systemic and pervasive fundamental problems from the past, and the company is now positioned for long-term sustainable and profitable growth. While there is still work to be done, I have every confidence that AIG's stakeholders will continue to reap the benefit of the hard work that is taking place across the organization on our journey to make AIG a top-performing company.   The turnaround of General Insurance and the enterprise-wide transformation at AIG is on a scale I've not seen in my 45-plus year career. I take great pride in what the team has accomplished. I know that the company and our colleagues will be in great hands with Peter as the CEO of AIG.   Now I'll turn the call over to Peter. 
Brian Duperreault: Okay. So Peter, the question is on the repurchase and leverage at AIG, I believe. So do you want to start? And maybe Mark can jump in if he has to. 
Brian Duperreault: Okay. So thank you all for all your questions. Before I end the call, I want to thank everyone who's been part of the multiyear journey that began when I joined AIG in 2017 to fix the fundamental needed -- fundamentals needed for AIG to once again be a leading insurance franchise.  What has been accomplished over the last few years would not have been possible without the extraordinary efforts of AIG's exceptional talent at all levels of the organization. And I'm thankful for everyone's dedication and commitment to this great organization. I'm also grateful to the clients and distribution reinsurance partners, shareholders, regulators and many other stakeholders who have actively supported me since I returned to AIG. I look forward to being a part of the next chapter of AIG under Peter's leadership. Be well. Stay safe and healthy. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes, sure. I think Elyse, what I said in my October comments and then just reinforced and provided a little bit more detail on the prepared remarks is that we have made assumptions in terms of the stand-alone Life and Retirement business with acceptable debt and capital structure that is going to work with the rating agencies. We've also had assumed how we would set up AIG, the remaining company, with the guidance that Mark has given on our delevering. I focused that in my prepared remarks. It's our first priority. And we think that based on the base case, getting Life and Retirement set up, getting the delevering done at AIG, we think we will have capital available for share repurchase. That was the context of the comment I made. I don't know if you want to add anything, Mark. 
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Elyse. Yes, this momentum will continue. As we look into 2021, we expect to see rate increases to continue. We expect to see these rate increases to be above loss cost. We expect that these rate increases will be balanced across our global portfolio and across multiple lines of business. And so this is a very disciplined market, one that our capacity is highly valued. And as we deploy it in property and casualty, we're going to be very disciplined in making sure we get the right price for the exposure, make sure that we're there to solve problems for our broker distribution partners and clients. 
Peter Zaffino: Well, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, I mean, we have received a number of inbound inquiries, high-quality companies. And those high-quality companies see the real value in our Life and Retirement franchise, a very diversified portfolio, minimal legacy. And so how they are approaching AIG is that they want to do something strategically on the 19.9% because that's what we've outlined. But we are focused on how we drive long-term value for Life and Retirement with any partner that we decide to go with, in the event we do go with that over the initial public offering. And that's -- we're working towards that as a primary focus. So I don't want to go into the specific details because we don't have them. But you should just think about it as, if we did enter into an agreement, it would be about positioning the business for more long-term success. 
Peter Zaffino: Maybe I'll start. And then -- thanks, Tracy. And then I'll turn over to Mark. Just 2 things to keep in mind. One is the net premium written. What I said in my prepared remarks on how we've restructured the reinsurance fee, $10 million excess of $15 million was purchased in December. So you would have seen that as an impact on net premium written for the casualty lines in the fourth quarter. So that's one.  And two is I just want to reinforce Mark's point and give you an example in terms of what we're doing with the Excess Casualty book. We had talked about we were, years ago, over 90% lead in what we were doing in Excess Casualty and wanted to make sure that we were getting better balance. And so the team led by Dave McElroy, Barbara Luck have done an amazing job. We now have increased like our mid-excess by over 400% in terms of policy count. So the book is changing and getting better balance across the portfolio.  And you don't really see that, but I think that's to Mark's point before when he was commenting on the vast changes, the improvement of the portfolio. So that just needs to emerge a little bit over time, but I think we have done some very strong work on the underwriting side. And the balance is much better as we position ourselves for the future.  Mark, I don't know if you want to add anything in terms of just Excess Casualty specifically. 
Peter Zaffino: Okay. Yes. Thanks, Tracy. The 19.9% remains the base case. We think it's the best way forward for the organization. We're working on all the different work streams that I outlined in my prepared remarks, working with all of our stakeholders and believe that, that will be the path that maximizes value for the organization. 
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Yaron. It's hard to give specific guidance in terms of whether it's going to be high single digits or even more. I mean we have a lot of momentum in the commercial portfolio. We talked about strong retention, strong rate.  New business in 2020 was impacted by -- if I look globally, particularly in international and some of the Specialty classes, our new business was very strong but it wasn't at the normal levels that we expect within 2021. And again, we're still in the global pandemic. We'll see -- with the economic recovery, we're cautious but we're optimistic that new business will continue to pick up. And we believe our retentions will get stronger. And so we're very optimistic that we'll have very good growth balance across commercial globally next year.  I don't know, Dave, if you want to add anything in particular on the new business and your optimism of growth. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. Can I just add to that? Thanks, Josh. I mean a couple of things to keep in mind. One is AIG 200 contributes a meaningful portion of the improvement in expense ratio. Now while I said $400 million was the exit run rate of 2020, that hasn't even fully earned in yet. So we expect the full $1 billion by 2022. So you can just do the math that, that will contribute to the expense ratio and overall combined ratio.  The other is we think there's 2 components to growth. One is, Dave mentioned it, that we think that the portfolio is in a very good place for top line growth, and we would expect to see that to continue in 2021 and 2022. In addition, contributing to that growth will be we need less reinsurance. I think the terms and conditions that we were able to improve at 1/1 speak volumes in terms of the trajectory and what we would expect for reinsurance going forward. That will contribute.  I think when we do, and the team has proven it does very good work on operational excellence, that when we separate Life and Retirement AIG RemainCo, we will find ways to improve the expense ratio as we work through the actual separation, and we have a very disciplined expense behavior in the company. And then just the rate above loss cost and as we continue to reposition the portfolio, we think there will be improvement in the loss ratio as we look to the future. So when you add all of those components together, we are very confident that we will be below the 90% as we exit 2022. 
Peter Zaffino: Yes. And Mark, you can weigh in. I mean certainly, the path with the IPO is very clear with the 19.9% IPO sale. When we look at -- I think the heart of your question on the private is that it has to be a better alternative for us. We have to be more strategic, more financially advantageous and making certain that when we look at the 19.9%, we don't look at that in isolation. We look at the 80.1% and how we position the Life and Retirement business for the future. So those are the things, among other factors, that we will consider in terms of do we go through the IPO or would we do a private sale as we work through the coming months. 
Mark Lyons: Yes, if I could. Elyse, also, as Peter's kind of noted, we -- the momentum has been strong. We have really seen no evidence of deceleration of it. It's pretty broad-based across all lines and geographies. And I would just remind you that the timing was different internationally versus in North America. So it started a little bit later. So its trajectory is going to be different by definition, and thus far, no slowdowns. 
Mark Lyons: Yes, happy to. So a few things I could just point out is that in North America, we had -- we recognized in Financial Lines, I'd say on the EPLI side, a little bit on the E&O side and the mergers and acquisitions insurance, some little changes in M&A insurance. Originally, it was a product that was really to sellers and now sellers and buyers. That kind of changes your forecasted utilization and things like that. So there's some recognition there which I think makes some sense.  In the past, when we've talked about this, we've always focused on like primary D&O and SCAs and so forth. And every assumption that we had on the public side is still coming to bear. No matter how we look at it, our commercial book, our national book, the SCAs continue to drop as the underwriting continues to improve, and that's been a steady pattern.  What we would say this time is really on the private not-for-profit side, mostly centered in the EPLI, we saw some trends that we recognized. But we think we're in pretty good shape. We think we pretty much nailed it at this point.  And I would say, the second part of your question, on a go-forward, this book has had such massive transformation that the predictive value, given the turnover of the past to the future, is almost nonexistent. So we use it. We try to carve all those things out, index forward. But the impact of that on such a transformed book is negligible. So the net is we're very comfortable with where '19 and '20 are. 
Mark Lyons: Yes, sure. Two things. One, I'll follow up on your direct question, which is on the rate changes and rate adequacy.  And secondly, I think on the fin sup, we could have done a little better job. We said Excess Casualty was really the Lexington casualty, which really has primary in it. The traditional admitted casualty book that's either written out of American home or like London or Bermuda has performed very, very well during the year. And so I'm just letting you know that this is not an issue whatsoever. So it's really a combination of Lexington primary and excess.  But my comments will now address all of that. So as you know, rate changes have not only been large, they've been compound over a period. The terms and conditions which drive this line of business are tighter and tighter. And whether you have a calm or an aggressive view of loss cost trends that could affect casualty businesses, getting further away from risk is the preferred way to go, and that's the strategy that Peter and Dave have put in place, moving that portfolio higher so you're further away from risk in case anything unforeseen happens.  So we're very comfortable with that. We're very comfortable on -- our indications are that the rate adequacy as opposed to rate change is stronger on new business than it is on renewal business, which you'd expect to be the case in a hard cycle of acceleration like we have. And we continue to see inferior rate adequacy on the business we're not renewing. So that's what I call the implicit lift as opposed to the explicit lift. So we feel good about that. 
Mark Lyons: Yes. Yaron, if I could, I'm going to purposely give you an arithmetic view. And it's this -- Peter touched on it a bit with the XOL when he was talking about some of the reinsurance. So loss-occurring contracts, you basically have ceded written all bulleted, right, in the quarter, and then it's earned smoothly. Risk-attaching quota shares, you see the recognition quarter-by-quarter. So from a net earned basis, which is what's going to really matter, you're going to see much more uplift on a net earned basis over the course of the year. The benefit of a smaller cession on the casualty quota share will overwhelm the additional XOL cession. So you'll see that increase, right, but it won't be at 1Q. You're going to see that over the course of the year. 
