Brian Duperreault: Thank you, Liz, and good morning, everyone. Our third quarter results reflected volatility due to 14 global catastrophes, particularly the Japan typhoons. We continue to execute on our reinsurance strategy, one of our key initiatives, which I will cover in a more detail and which Peter will also review in his remarks. Other actions we’re taking to improve our underwriting capabilities and profitability are taking hold, and we started to see some of the resulting benefits in our third quarter results. We continue to expect to deliver an underwriting profit including AAL for General Insurance as we exit 2018. Over the course of the last year, Peter and his team have made significant progress in executing on our reinsurance strategy. And this work will continue as we approach the January 1 renewal season. So far this year, we’ve lowered our North American CAT cover attachment point from a per occurrence of $1.5 billion to an aggregate of $750 million and added an additional international cover. As you will hear from Peter in his remarks, AIG’s national market share in Japan is 6%, and in the area most impacted, it’s 10% on the average. While our Japan reinsurance program was renewed in January 2018 maintaining its historical structure which included two separate towers for the commercial and personal insurance business, we have been working diligently throughout this year to get a single structure in place for 2019 to reduce our net exposure on both a frequency and severity basis. We are pleased with the contributions and balance that Validus brings to our business mix. The disciplined underwriting and risk approach that Validus takes was most evident this quarter in the estimated net CAT loss of approximately $200 million, which was in line with peers. Validus was neutral to our accident year results quarter this quarter and remains on track to contribute approximately 1 point to a combined ratio improvement as we exit 2018. Our recent announcement of the pending acquisition of Glatfelter will provide further balance to General Insurance by improving our position in the programs market with the addition of one of the most respected firms in this space to our portfolio of businesses. The closing of this transaction is expected to occur next week. Turning to reserves, we welcome Mark Lyons, to the team this summer, and he has hit the ground running in reviewing our actuarial processes and procedures. Net reserve additions of $170 million in the third quarter reflect the work Mark and his team performed relating to approximately 75% of our book. Year-to-date, net reserves development was flat. Peter will provide an additional detail on General Insurance in his prepared remarks. And Mark is joining the call and will give you more color on the work he has done on General Insurance reserves. L&R delivered another solid quarter, notwithstanding challenging year-over-year comparisons that reflect the impact of annual assumption reviews. Underlying ROE continued in double digits, and in particular our investments in businesses over the last few years are beginning to bear fruit with strong growth in Individual Retirement and life in particular. Sid will discuss the results of the third quarter actuarial review and Kevin will elaborate on the performance of this well-positioned business, which serves some of the most -- the world’s most important needs, the need for sources of savings, lifetime income, and protection. Our steps to reduce exposures on our Legacy book and to allocate capital more efficiently underscore our capital management discipline and focus on long-term shareholder value. The sale of 19.9% of Fortitude Re, formerly known as DSA Re, to the Carlyle Group is imminent and will free up capital as well as provide a platform for potential growth. Lastly, we have purchased shares and warrants totaling $1 billion through the third quarter of this year, including $350 million in the third quarter. We have $1.3 billion remaining in our authorization. Share repurchase remains a capital management tool that we will continue to deploy in addition to other uses of capital that will contribute to our goal of making AIG better than it has ever been. In conclusion, we are making progress towards positioning AIG for the long term. We continue to work deliberately and thoughtfully and with a sense of urgency to improve our core underwriting capabilities, reduce volatility, deliver an underwriting profit, including AAL for General Insurance as we exit 2018 and physician each of our businesses for long-term success. Now, I’ll turn it over to Sid, who’ll provide more detail on our third quarter financial results.
Brian Duperreault: Well, let me do the last piece first. Yes. That’s what I meant by entering into 2019. So, we expect the first quarter to be an underwriting profit. So, with respect to inflation, we’ve got Mark here. I think, Mark’s probably the best to answer that question.
Brian Duperreault: Well, I mentioned earlier, we bought $350 million of stock in the previous quarter; price was around 53. So, I’d say, this price is pretty compelling, let’s put it that way.
Brian Duperreault: Yes. I think, Mark mentioned earlier that the -- we think we’re actually getting margin increases in the excess at this point, just in general. And with respect to construction, Peter mentioned that, I believe he mentioned we are reducing our appetite in that business to a very limited amount.
Brian Duperreault: Well, I think we’ve given you an idea that the ROE is around 3% to 5%. And we’re going to take about 20% of that off. Sid, do you want to do more of the arithmetic than that? But, it’s a fairly simple arithmetic question.
Brian Duperreault: Okay. Listen, I think we’re going to end the Q&A. I really do appreciate all your attention. And we had a lot of content, so we cut the Q&A a little shorter than normal. Thank you for your indulgence on that. Before I end the call, I want to recognize the hard work and tireless support that our employees around the world have provided to our customers and neighbors affected by the numerous global catastrophes. Our hearts go out to all of those who’ve been impacted. So, with that, thank you very much.
Mark Lyons: Great, Brain. Thank you. And hello, Elyse. As respect to -- as Peter mentioned, we have 4% on the weighted average pricing increase. We view this that we are gaining. So, we are having a margin expansion. It varies by line of business, as you know. Averages can be deceiving. Our loss cost trends, which is a frequency severity combination, range from about zero in some lines to about north of 8 in other lines of business. Auto, for example, we see that as being fairly high at this point, around the 8% area; we’re getting materially more than that in rates, and that’s actually a margin expansion line. Most of our other lines, casualty, primary, excess, we’re feeling those are margin expansion lines as well, given the rate changes we’re getting. Where some of the challenge areas, where comp is a little more flat, we might be losing a little bit there. D&O overall is we think we’re getting -- it’s close to flat, but some areas are improving and some areas like EPLI, we could be marginally losing on.
Mark Lyons: Hey, Josh. Well, you get some of the same effects, whether it’s wildfires or the mudslides, which are really early in 2018. You have a lot of high-value areas that are very-hard to reach. Some of them are even on the sides of mountains. And regulatory abilities get in and even inspect them. So, you have some of that delay. You have a lot of demand for contractor services, not just the rates per hour but the cost of the equipment, and everything else is moving up as well. So, I would say overall that accounts for a lot of it. You also have -- because they are mostly high net worth individuals, there is additional living expenses that tend to accrue, and I would say some are using those liberally.
Mark Lyons: Yes. There was a couple of factors on that, one of them relates to the area of focus, which was on CD and wraps, because you have to look at that by policy year and the losses that emerge. I mean, the work or the poor work has really already been done. So, we anticipate some of those accidents occurring from those policy years in ‘16, in ‘17, in ‘18. So that’s causative for some of the drift up, more so in ‘16 and ‘17, and more in ‘17 and ‘18, which you’d expect with a shrinking book on that. So, that’s a piece of it. And on the balance, which will also include ‘18, we’ve made some, I’ll call them market cycle adjustments, associated with where we think we are in the underwriting cycle. Excess casualty is a fairly volatile line of business and more extreme on the underwriting cycle. So, we made some adjustments in that respect. And I would say, lastly, and this is one of the key underwriting strategies of moving attachment points materially. There is some auto exposure coming in on a small set of lead umbrella policies that has some auto exposure, and we’re reflecting that. That would have been more ‘16 and ‘17 though.
Mark Lyons: Sure. Thank you. Brian, I think a more direct answer to your question is in the accident year with 90 basis points of loss ratio impact for the GI level in total by all the causative factors I just mentioned, emanating from the one product line. But, you have to look at it in two pieces. There was the current accident quarter, if you will, which was 30 basis points; then, there was 60 basis points of catch-up, the true-up the first two accident quarters of the year through third quarter. So, 60 plus 30; and so, it’s 90 in total.
Sid Sankaran: Yes. I think, you are going to see for the full-year that we’ve had an ROE in that range. So, think of it as about 20% off the income is obviously the adjustment for the non-controlling interest.
Sid Sankaran: Yes. Thank you, Brian. No. I think the 25%, remember is simply intended to be as we look at, we’ve previously suggested that for full-year we’re looking at 21% to 22% excluding tax discrete. And so, as there is lower net income forecasted for the year, given the catastrophes, which would be taxed at 21%, we expect a higher expectation for the fourth quarter. And so, we concluded on our catch-up this quarter. So, it would be at that 25% level is our approximate expectation.
Sid Sankaran: No. I think, as you know, we fully hedge for equity markets. And so, we haven’t seen anything in the recent market expectation around our variable annuity hedging program. Just a reminder that of course on the investment side, there are securities in terms of private equity hedge funds and fair value options that do have equity market sensitivity. But, obviously, we need to see how the full year plays out for the Life Insurance business and the investment side there.
