Bob Benmosche: I don’t think it would complicate any SIFI process whatsoever. I think it’s a noncore asset. We would continue to divest and deconsolidate it, and we’ll do that in as rapid a time as it makes sense financially for the company to do it. With what the value of that company is, we know what’s been accomplished, and when you refinance almost $20 billion of debt and do it in a way that gives us a very tight match between cash flows and debt maturities and so on, I think it’s a property that we can divest of. But I’ll have David talk about the actual accounting.
Bob Benmosche: First of all, you’re assuming it’s at risk. What we’re saying is that once we get closer to the time we need to give you maybe a range around it. We’ve discussed a whole lot of things one would have to do once we get closer. Because look, if I could tell you exactly what I could be, at exactly a point in time, I think I would have problems with some of the people in Washington in the enforcement group, because you can’t run this business with that degree of accuracy, and you all know that.  What’s important is we look at how we’re running it, what are our focuses on different things within this company, and we have said we’re focusing on expense and we’ve been investing a lot of money to get our expenses down, so we had to spend to eventually see the savings.  We’ve talked about our investment portfolios and the things we’re doing there. We talked about making sure we understand our cost of capital for the businesses and the risks we’re taking. And we want to earn more than our cost of capital, especially in the property casualty business, [with its big focus], so that we are capital light on the things that make the most sense for us.  So we’re continuing to do all of that. And it all comes together, including capital management. So it’s not a question of anything other than, as you go through all of these things, when we get closer to 2015 you’re going to ask us to be a little bit more specific and instead of an aspiration it becomes we will achieve something around this in this period of time. And that would be guidance, and that’s what we’re concerned about.  So we’re focusing on all of it, and we’re proud of the progress we’ve made, and we’re putting a lot of energy into achieving all of it by 2015. But what I’m saying to you today, well in advance of that time, is we may not get there by 2015. It might be a little later.  And that’s about all the comment we can make on the whole subject, but I think you need to look at our progress every quarter, look at the trends every quarter, and I think you’ll see a continually improving organization here. 
Bob Benmosche: To add what Jay just said, it’s a fact that people wonder about the businesses, keeping them together, and the diversity of risk and the diversity of dividends to the holding company and so on. But a startling number that just keeps hitting me is that over the next 35 years, there will be four times the number of people over 65 than there are today.  So forget about percentages and numbers and all the other stuff. That is four times the number of people in that age code category. And that is the area where we do a lot of business, where we deal with protection and life and other products. So we see the opportunity not only in the U.S. market, but you have those statistics even more exaggerated in China. So this is a great growth business over time. So it’s not only quarter to quarter in the markets, but it’s also about client need. 
Bob Benmosche: It’s very simple. We’re getting too close. You want to wait until next quarter, or the quarter after? Sooner or later we’re going to face this issue, and so the feeling is that guidance is something that I believe, from what we’ve looked at, we have a likely chance to achieve.  Aspirational says we look at this company and all the things we need to do over a five-year period, we believe that we could get to this kind of target. And so the word aspirational, and why we used it, was to say to you that we don’t have a plan specifically that says you can get there.  We haven’t gone through the details, but we knew that directionally, if we do a whole lot of things and it began to take hold, we could get into that ballpark. And so we’re going to get through a journey, we’re going to get to southern New York. Now you’re going to ask me, well, are you going to make it to Westchester, or are you going to make it to Putnam, or are you going to make it to Manhattan? That’s guidance. 
Bob Benmosche: John’s answer is very correct, but underneath that answer is something that many of you would not know, and that is the amount of analytics going into understanding what is our account quality index, thinking about the quality of clients, the quality of the risk and so on, down the line, to make sure we’ve segmented that in a much more refined way.  We’re now looking at brokers and what the broker quality index is. So we know the kind of business that is being brought to us by brokers, some of them taking a shot in the dark and hoping someone at AIG will write it versus somebody who really prides their business with AIG and tends to bring us very good risk and very well field underwritten.  And so when we talk about price increases, we actually look at it by these segments, and we’re going to get more refined by these segments. So we have very good retention in our best clients and very little rate increase, but we’re getting pretty good retention in some of our lower quality clients, where you need the rate because of the performance of those accounts.  And so it isn’t just following the market anymore. We’re becoming much more scientific, and where in our client base or brokerage brought business do we want to begin to add rate? And that would be independent of what’s actually happened in the market.  So it’s not just the old everybody’s up and down by the tide. So I’m very impressed and very optimistic about what John’s been doing in particular in the whole commercial business with Peter. So that’s a different level of detail behind that answer. 
David Herzog: There are two things, one on the balance sheet held for sale, that’s one “accounting judgment”, and then there’s another judgment we make with respect to discontinued operations. And those are two different judgments. Connected, but they’re two different judgments. And the held for sale treatment is pursuant to our plan. We have a plan, we are pursuing the plan. It includes pursuit of the jumbo transaction, but there are other interested parties as we’ve said, as well as an IPO alternative. So there’s a solid basis for the held for sale. And then the question is, on discontinued operations, depending upon the ultimate disposition path, we need to make a determination whether or not we will have significant continuing involvement. And that will be a facts and circumstances judgment that we’ll make, and we’ll continue to evaluate facts and circumstances. So it’s the held for sale. It’s not going to come back on balance sheet, and so now it’s just a matter of how we go about divesting it.
David Herzog: Again, we’ll address discrete items in any particular quarter as they occur. And we’ll give you plenty of disclosure around that. And so the 31% rate that we expect going forward is really a reflection of the ongoing operations. As you know, over the last couple of years we’ve done some portfolio rebalancing in property casualty to reduce our holdings of tax-exempt securities. So that certainly affected the effective tax rate. So again, I’m not going to give you any specific guidance as to what to expect. Again, the 31% is really sort of the normalized rate, and then we’ll break out the discrete items that we do. And then we’ll let you know when those occur.
David Herzog: Our capacity was $1 billion. We have the authorization for a billion. We used $190 million, and so as I said in my remarks, we’ll remain committed and disciplined around deploying that capital.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: And on partnership returns, you noted in your disclosure that returns were impacted negatively by equity markets, but I’m trying to remember the lag. I think you’re either three months or one month, depending on the investments. Equity market has been very strong. I was trying to understand, even not relative to last year but just relative to sort of a run rate, the returns [unintelligible]. I’m just trying to get a better understanding for how we should think about that.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: If we did that math backwards, though, I guess we wouldn’t quite get there, and I wonder is the 8% to 10% return goal against the backdrop of a market that has risen as much as equity markets have risen this year, and this could be just a wrong assumption, but that that would kind of gradate with the underlying return in the equity markets, not be sort of kind of a fixed return threshold.
Michael Nannizzi - Goldman Sachs: Bob, if I could switch to sort of a bigger topic, we all get that you don’t want to provide guidance, and the aspirational goals were stretch goals back in 2010, but you’ve since made a lot of progress against them. And so when you say - I think I’m getting this right - that we’re not sure we’ll get them done by 2015, investors just wonder what to expect.  And recognizing you’re not going to give guidance, there were, I think, fundamentally three big pieces to the aspirational goals: driving ROE 10%, returning capital of $25 billion to $30 billion, and investing to get some growth and rebuild the franchise. I’m wondering if you could at least give us some directional sort of color on which of these big pieces you think may be at risk.
John Doyle: You know, rates were up for us in the U.S., where rate is needed the most, by 5.5% in the quarter. A little down from the second quarter. Casualty rates in the U.S. remain fairly strong. The property market seems to have gotten a bit more competitive. We’ve been observing that over the course of the last several months. But I expect the same factors driving pricing improvement in casualty in the U.S. to continue in the near future.
John Doyle: I would add that beyond the tools that we’re building to help make better judgments at the underwriters desk, we’ve made big investments in the claims side as well, in people and process and in technology, that are enabling better results for us to reduce the cost of risk once the claim hits. And so that’s an important part of the improvement as well.
John Doyle: The adverse [POID] we experienced was related primarily to construction defect. And we saw some increased frequency. We accelerated a review that had been scheduled for a later period, and really impact of prior major cat events, as well as the expansion into some new states that historically hadn’t been troubling in this regard. We had historically tracked a couple of different states where [CD] had been a challenge for us.  We saw, again, some increased frequency and some new states accelerated around the review. And I would also say, beyond the impact of major cats in the United States, also the impact of the credit crisis. Now we’re observing a tail that’s longer than what we had expected, and the issue moving into some other states. So again we accelerated review and dealt with it in the quarter. 
