Peter Hancock: To be precise, if you draw a trend line through the total P&C accident year loss ratio over eight quarters, it’s an annualized decline of about 2.6% per annum. It’s a bit more of a rapid improvement in the fourth quarter, but that’s slightly out of line of trend, because you had an elevated number in Q4 11 versus a depressed level in Q4 12.  So as you normalize that out, you can think about an improving trend of about 2.6 per annum. It’s the result of a number of initiatives that we have signaled very clearly: business mix shift, as we re-underwrite out of business lines where we had clear unattractive economics and managing the account relationships in multiline relationships in an intelligent way to shift to a better mix of business by customer, by geography. But also through greater use of analytics and technical pricing models, and segmentation at a more granular level.  And then finally, through a number of initiatives to reduce claims leakage, where we are seeing significant benefits from applying analytics to fraud management, management of legal expense, and other factors. So we continue to see progress, no let up in that trend, and we’re making a conscious tradeoff between expense and loss ratio as we improved the quality and repeatability of our business. 
Peter Hancock: Correct. So we stand by our aspirational goals that we laid out 18 months ago, which have an ROE of the business north of 10%, a combined ratio between 90% and 95%. And the interplay between that combined ratio target and the ROE target is a function of interest rate environment. And so we feel that we’re on the path, and continuing to implement the initiatives I mentioned.
Peter Hancock: I think we haven’t provided a specific guidance on ex-cat, so I wouldn’t want to go beyond what we’ve indicated is our goal, which is 90-95 combined, which includes a normalized cat number in it. I would also reemphasize what I’ve said many times before, that I prefer to view the combined ratio and ROEs as outcomes of what we’re really trying to optimize which is growth in risk-adjusted profitability, which may give rise to a slightly higher or lower combined than the numbers I mentioned for ROE, because we’re looking at the quantity and quality of earnings to really get that balance right between profitability, growth, and risk. But we believe that doing so is completely consistent with guidance that we’ve given to date on those aspirational goals.
Peter Hancock: I would take you back to an earlier question, where I tried to give as much guidance as to how to think about the trend in [action year] loss ratio. Look at the last 8 quarters, do a regression line through them, and see that the fourth quarter of last year is below that trend line. That trend line is declining at a rate of about 2.6 pointe per year. That’s not a bad estimate for what we think will happen going forward. So yes, there’s a little bit of a fair wind in the fourth quarter, but I think that continued improvement is embedded in our expectations and our strategies. So I think that’s a fair assumption to make.
Charlie Shamieh: I’ll just respond to your question about the excess casualty line and in terms of legacy versus current business. The vast majority of that was actually related to our runoff portfolio and our public entity business, general liability. And the number in the 10-K represents the latest quarter, and also prior quarters, where we saw a deteriorating experience. That portfolio has been in runoff since 2008.  On the primary casualty side, the main driver of that was more general liability and especially on property damage, and it was much more of a severity issue, as we disclosed in the 10-K. And coming from more recent years. And we don’t see any of that as an indicator of future adverse development. We believe the reserves are very adequately set to our best estimate today. 
Charlie Shamieh: Well, the main year in D&O, which was favorable in financial services, was the 2010 year, and as we’re emerging from what we had referred to earlier as the credit crisis years, we have a lot more data and actual reported claims and paids on those claims, and they are coming in more favorably than we had anticipated. And that was the major driver of the $307 million favorable result in 2012.
Charlie Shamieh: A lot of the movements that you’re observing, which as a percentage of reserves are very trivial, less than 1%, are really attributable to some large losses that we have reported in the 10-K that go back to those accident years, especially on our occurrence based casualty lines of business, where that is not an unusual occurrence. So it’s very hard to extract a trend from the numbers that you’re looking at, as that’s not at all the way we look at it. I draw your attention, for example, to the disclosure on page 94 for the healthcare business, which gives an indication of just that occurrence.
John Doyle: You know, I think there’s been a lot of commentary on the financial lines business overall. I’ve heard from other markets, and we have a terrific book, a well-diversified book, around the world. That continues to perform well. And we saw growth in the portfolio. We saw improved rate in the portfolio during the course of the year as well. So financial lines is a mix of product, so there are certain segments in the U.S. market primarily, that do need some improvement, and we’re focused on that. But we continue to be very pleased with our business there overall.
John Doyle: Yeah, I think that’s right. I think we probably have a better balanced book than some as well. But yeah, we continue to get improved pricing and terms in the book, although most of that’s in the U.S. It’s a bit more competitive from a price point of view outside of the U.S. But yeah, we continue to be pleased with that business overall.
John Doyle: I think Peter hit the theme. Casualty pricing in the fourth quarter in the U.S. for us was up just about 10%. Property pricing was up 14%. We expect continued casualty pricing improvements in 2013, and so far it’s met expectations. So there’s a lot of capacity out there, so I do think the larger players in the market are being disciplined.  And the reality is the entire industry needs to drive a better underwriting result given the current interest rate environment. So pricing is moving in the right direction there, and we’re not just relying on pricing.  We’re focused, obviously, on a lot of other levers that Peter mentioned in terms of mix that are better terms, better engineering, better underwriting tools, etc., claims tools, that will drive further improvement. But price continues to move in the right direction there. One, the big Continental Europe renewal date, a little bit better than the fourth quarter, but again, lagging the U.S. as Peter indicated.  So we’re optimistic about the environment. Other geographies, where property pricing’s been improving, which is important to us, and so we don’t see much to get in the way in the near term of some decent pricing improvements in the early part of 2013. 
