Mark Lyons: Well, clearly, you have a lot of things going on at the same time, which I understand makes it somewhat difficult to try to penetrate. You have all the gross changes that Peter has itemized, which are fairly massive.You have an increasing accelerated rate change on a written basis that will earn in to 2020. And you have some level of loss trend that the industry's discussing, that could perhaps go a little bit the other way.So without getting into chapter or verse, I think it's fair to say there'll be some level of improvement into 2020. But the magnitude is, let alone the reinsurance purchases, which affect your mix of business, really all need to come to bear. So at this point, I'd say that is good. You should think about improvement, but I'm not prepared to get into magnitude.
Mark Lyons: I think as we mentioned last quarter, we have I think, some pretty steep loss trend to our premium assumptions - a lot the lines of business subject to what you’re concerned about. Some of them in the mid to upper single-digit trends already. So that's already been kind of baked in and how we look at things translates into pricing models, so forth and so on. I think on even a broader basis, I mean, our view of those last trends is based upon a lot of our own information.And how that's moved over time between actually years, and when you kind of think about the overlay of the macroeconomic environment with everything Peter described, about moving up, and attachment points, chopping the limits dramatically. I tend to look upon a portfolio basis of all that reshaping becoming a natural inflation hedge irrespective of whether it’s economic or social. So I think the book characteristics are very protective in that respect.
Mark Lyons: Well, it's a great question. See if I can give you a great answer you bet. So - first is very generic comment when you get a 12%, that's a North American number a 12% weighted average written rate increase. What is your loss trends assumption is four, six or eight? Yeah you're getting expansion, and I'm picking those out just illustratively. So, we don't really get into what our weighted average is across the board it really does vary by quarter with the massive changes Peter described.But we're viewing that as a beneficial 2020 benefit. And because the way things go in, it's going to be more second half, associated with the rate of increases of the rate changes. So, it's expansion, on a gross basis, but you're looking at our results on a net basis, and that interaction between it, is very difficult to measure and probably from new law and the outside looking in even more so. But I'll just keep it at least that you should expect expansion.
Mark Lyons: Sure well, interestingly AIG over time has been building up mass tort reserves. Not that we really talk about it, but it's a meaningful number, associated with in our aggregate reserve levels across all accident years. When you get into some of these complex coverage issues that you're talking about, it's really difficult to even talk about it because we don't know the theory of liability that’s going to come down.You don't know how it's going to be triggered. Therefore you don't know exactly how it may also be play out, but we have a good amount of net mass tort reserves and we still have roughly $6.5 billion in the ADC. So that is still available for this. So we feel - from a reserve standpoint and given what we know today in pretty good shape.
Peter Zaffino: Brian, there's one thing I would just add to agree with everything Mark just outlined. But the other piece of that, we've been designing reinsurance structures that reflects the portfolio that we have. And so with all the massive changes that we've seen in the property book, I mean, that's what we're assessing over the next, call it, 45-days in terms of putting together some of the reinsurance structures that reflect the risk of the portfolio today. So that that will evolve as we enter into 1-1
Peter Zaffino: Yes, correct. I mean, the maximum – the first part, I just want to clarify the Validus Re. The first part is that because of the per occurrence and the way the international aggregate and our global aggregate works, that the maximum we would have on Hagibis is $75 million, assuming the forecast we've had for Faxai and others, end up having the gross loss that we anticipate.So I think that $75 million is a very good number. What I said in terms of the Validus is that their retro would attach with another $155 million, or thereabouts, of retro loss. So you should think about, as it goes above $155 million, we have significant retro protection in place.
Peter Zaffino: No, I think you really outlined it well, Brian. I think the only other thing is we've been getting rate in the specialty classes. When we look at global performance in the quarter, we were very pleased. Then when we look at the global performance what we seen here year-to-date, it's been a very strong performer and expected to continue to have, good performance in the future. So like what I said in the prepared remarks is that we're looking at, limit management, our driving rate and how we’re underwriting it. But overall, it's a very good book.
Peter Zaffino: What I was referring to was 20 is after Hagibis, that's our maximum retention in our international business.
Peter Zaffino: Yes, I mean Brian, in terms of North America, we still have significant cover. I mean, we have, you know, some buy downs at are California specific that attach at 50 million. We have a lot of occurrence cover, and we have a lot of aggregate. So I mean, it's really hard to predict in terms of North America with the wildfires, but we have ample protection. And, we'll see how it all evolves.
Peter Zaffino: Thanks, Elyse. So a couple things, one is we will be consistent with making sure that we're looking across the portfolio for reduction of volatility and outsize line size. So there could be segments such as financial lines that we'll look at of doing something perhaps as we enter 2020. And then the most important part is looking at the CAT because we've made so much dramatic change in terms of the gross limit and CAT exposed and the strategic projects that we're doing with Lloyd’s.So again, there's a lot of moving pieces and the reinsurance, and what we decide to put together for 2020 will reflect the portfolio that we have in force. And so there will be some changes. I can't describe those today because we're in the middle of it and, but we'll be very transparent as we hit the sort of fourth quarter call.
Brian Duperreault: Yes, you know, the other thing I'd say, Paul is, I've given you a data point, which is our expectation for return on equity; which by the end of 2021, we want to get over 10%. So, in order for that to happen, clearly the GI, big portion of it has to continue to improve.And I think that gives some indication of what we think is going to happen. A lot of the work that gets done is in rate, underwriting, et cetera. But it also is the expense levels that GI has, and those expense levels are high. We have to get to those as well.So, yes, we'd love to be a little clear on that. But all I would say to you is we're committed to continuous improvement in the combined ratios to get it to what should be world class levels. That's going to take some time, but we're committed to doing it over multiple years.
Brian Duperreault: Yes, on the specialty, let me start. But I think Peter needs to give you the most clarity on it. The first thing we said was, North American specialty was higher. The International was lower. Net-net was actually pretty good. But it just happens to be the geographies here. And frankly, we managed that business on a global basis. We think of it as a truly global line. You're writing aviation across the world.I'm not sure it's fair to classify it as something we've been growing dramatically. And maybe Peter, you could give a little bit more color on it.
Brian Duperreault: Well look at accident quarters are so little small that the volatility of a single accident quarter, I think would, exceed any kind of seasonality. I suppose you could come up with some in property where with wind activities and things like you could have a seasonal movement. But I just think you can't look at this an accident quarter as something that's very, very predictable. There's a lot of volatility in a particular quarter that's why we report it because we have to I really point to the nine months as a better indication of movement.
Brian Duperreault: Yes, I can emphasize enough thanks Mark, about the - whether it's a deductible or it's an attachment point or it's layering done in some of the excess whether it's D&O or other excesses, all of those things are more powerful than the rate in terms of adjusting for inflation. Next question.
Brian Duperreault: Okay, Kevin can take the flows. Let me address the buyback so yes we didn't buyback this quarter in my prepared remarks, I emphasized that I want to invest. Well, first of all, we want to do leverage so that's an important thing to keep in mind. And I want to reinvest in the business. Some of that is the AIG 200 still being quantified.And, the other thing to keep in mind is, when you're in a catastrophe quarter you wouldn't normally buyback anyway. And whether it's the third quarter, the fourth quarter we see in the fourth quarter also produce some catastrophes. I just think it would be prudent not to buyback in any case, but the emphasis is on the other aspects of capital management that I refer to. Kevin wants to talk about the flows.
Brian Duperreault: Okay, good. So we've just crossed the hour, but I think we should take only one more question and we will close. So operator, take one more - one last question.
Brian Duperreault: Yes look, I think that's probably is a good conclusion to the opioid question. So let me just thanks Erik let me close by just - and telling everyone how pleased I am with our progress to achieve long-term, sustainable and profitable growth rate AIG. And I want to thank our clients, colleagues, shareholders, industry partners, and other stakeholders for their continued support. Thank you and have a great day.
Kevin Hogan: Just one thing if I could on Peters, I think good explanation to your question about the maximum. Just keep in mind that the 75 million as he outlined it, in a likelihood sense is more likely than Validus additive number as a collection of seating companies its different attachment points and that’s remains to be seen. I wouldn't take those two as additive necessarily.
Kevin Hogan: Yeah thanks, Josh. No, I think that the underlying message is, is that the third quarter was an anomaly. We have seen, our mortality well within pricing, in fact that for eight of the last 10 quarters within pricing. And so the message is, is that we don't see this quarter as a suggestion that our ongoing trend for mortality is likely to change.
Kevin Hogan: Yes, sure so thanks, Jimmy. So, the situation at VALIC we have been in a negative flow environment over the last couple of years. I think it's a reflection of the fact that, the new case acquisition for a period of time had tailed off. We've seen an improvement in that recently, but this is a natural effect of the ageing of the portfolio.The VALIC has been a leading participant in this business for a long time and as either in plan participants rollout of the plan or as people start to utilize the underlying benefits that they have, that certainly is part of what leads to the outflows.In addition to that, particularly in the healthcare industry, over the last couple of years, there has been a lot of M&A activity. And in cases where plan consolidations occur, in some cases, we're on the winning end of those, in some cases, we're on the losing end of those, and we've reported those sort of large outflows as and when they occur. So, we're continuing to be successful in new plan acquisition.We continue to see strong periodic deposits and non periodic deposits. And we're likely to continue to see some negative flows in this business because of that natural ageing effect in the portfolio. But I think it's also important to recognize that the dollar value of the flows is uneven if they're higher guaranteed minimum interest rate flows that is less of an impact on future earnings then more recent products.And the finally that the assets under management of this portfolio, which is the source of earnings in the business have continued to grow along with the equity market. So we're outpacing the negative flows with growth and assets under management.
Kevin Hogan: Sure, thanks Erik. First let's talk about what we didn't change. We did not change our long-term interest rate, assumption, our assumption - each product has its own parameters - to derive - the final assumptions. But generally we assume a reversion so they mean over 10 years to 3.5% for the 10 year treasury. Now to the rest of the review as we have a strong diversified portfolio between fixed index and variable annuity as well as a life insurance.And each of those lines response to economic changes differently and experience emerges separately. So the overriding situation rates are lower this year, which inevitably results in reduced lapse expectations for the fixed annuities where we write up the DAC and that increases sort of APTI. And then in index one of our newer products, we're just seeing some experience emerged and where we updated, lapse rates.And then in the guaranteed living benefits, as we account for those as an embedded derivative below the line. There were two different effects on that this year. The first was updating, our lapsed model and the second was updating our mortality. And both the fee income as well as the benefit usage goes below the line, which is why you see that economic movement below the line. And then finally, in the life insurance business, there is the effect of interest rates on policyholder behavior, not to similar to fixed annuities.And we've updated some of our premium projection capability and reinsurance calculations. So, net-net I think that these are largely changes associated with what we've seen happen in the market. No dramatic changes relative to the sizes of our reserves. And as I stated in my prepared remarks, we do not see anything that changes our understanding of the inherent profitability of the business nor we need to change our pricing strategy.
