Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Mike. We outlined in my script that the business has been taking a lot of additional costs. Think about cyber and usage on the cloud. And so that might have been held centrally in the past. That has now been put into the business. And so you see that they're absorbing most of it, but there is some timing on that.  Also in Personal Insurance, there is a lot of noise in the quarter. There's some onetime true-up adjustments. There's also some profit sharing, as you mentioned, in some of our Personal Insurance businesses. And so -- and there was also some catch-up on some of the reinsurance on earned premium.  So I'm not concerned at all about the uptick in expenses. It was very nominal. When I look at what the business has actually absorbed in terms of increased costs year-over-year, they've really built capacity to be able to invest in the future. And the fourth quarter reflected that, but there was a little bit of noise as well, particularly on the Personal Insurance side. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: I don't think so. I think the accident year loss ratio that we finished the year is what I would expect in 2024. Like you said, there's always a mix of business changes. There's always a little bit of noise. There could be some shift in composition. As you mentioned, property, we think we have tremendous opportunities there based on having 5 or 6 entry points across the world in terms of getting the best risk-adjusted returns.  When I look at what we've done in property over the last 5 years, we've gone from combined ratios in North America that are well north of 130 combined into the 70s and 80s now. So I think we have a really good platform. We're able to scale up businesses when we see opportunities. But I would think absent big mix of business changes, I would not expect any changes in the loss ratio.  And I signaled on the call that the remediation is largely behind us. I mean, again, you're always going to be reunderwriting, but large programs or portions of the business in commercial, we really like what we have, and I think that there's real good opportunities for growth. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: So another observation, Meyer, on that is that the rates as we got to the back half of the year in Casualty, particularly in Excess Casualty, started to accelerate into double digits. And also not that this is a bellwether because there's different mix of business, but our casualty submissions in Lexington in the fourth quarter were up 100%, which just means it's getting harder to get casualty placements done in the admitted market. Pricing is going up driven by rate, terms of conditions are being tightened and there's more activity in E&S. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Sure. Look, our casualty placements have evolved over time to reflect the portfolio, the gross limit deployment. And if I could take you back to even 2016 and '17 where we had quota shares before we arrived where we had a 50% quota share on Primary Casualty and then we had a 37.5% placement on Excess Casualty. That's just continued to evolve as we got into 2018, where we bought a large excess of loss placements for our worldwide Casualty portfolio for 75 ex of 25.  And then at the end of 2018, we bought a 50% quota share for our casualty portfolio within the United States. And the reason why I just give you that as a baseline is we've changed, evolved. We've had reinsurance in place since 2016. But when you look at what we place on the quota share today, it's basically 20%. So we've taken that down while we've improved ceding commissions over 800 basis points from the original placement to 20% from north of 50.  So I think we have been recognizing that we don't need to do as much proportional. But there's a balance in those placements between the excess and the quota share partnerships with reinsurers. They like a balance between the excess of loss and quota share in terms of our underwriting and feel very comfortable that, that's a good amount to cede off for looking at our overall casualty portfolio. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Well, when you take out -- again, there's a lot of moving pieces, but like you take out Validus, Crop Risk Services, and so we have a baseline. And then when we look at our commercial portfolio -- I look at the fundamentals, Elyse, in terms of how are we growing the business. And we gave you highlights in the fourth quarter about our new business, which was simply terrific, and that momentum continues. Our retentions have been fantastic. And so again, it's a portfolio that we have done such a great job to get to a place where we really like and find opportunities for stability and more growth.  Agree on the rate. I mean, again, the fourth quarter was just a moment, but we would expect Financial Lines in 2024 not to keep up at the same pace on excess. We'll see as we get into the market, but really like the opportunities in our core businesses to drive growth.  Lexington, I know there's been a lot of discussion in this quarter around is excess and surplus lines slowing down, things going back to the admitted. There's no evidence to suggest that's true.  Again, submission count is significantly up. And it's not just property. Property, if I looked at the fourth quarter, was the lowest submission count growth, and that was up over 30%. As I said, property's around 30%, casualty was up over 100%, and health care was around 50%. So there's a lot more opportunity to continue to grow in excess and surplus lines. And you know what, the property market, you get to the second quarter and there is your opportunity.  So like we have built a reinsurance structure. We've built a gross portfolio that we can flex depending on market conditions. I mentioned Global Specialty. We think there's growth opportunities there. We think there's growth opportunities in our Personal Insurance business.  So we're cautious but optimistic that the growth rate that you outlined in the high single digits is going to be achieved. But again, we have to be in the year, and we'll give you updates every quarter, but we're optimistic. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Mike, thanks for the question. If I look at International on the rate side, just a reminder that we do rate on gross premium written, not net. And so like as you take that from the portfolio, there's a heavy weighting our Specialty business in the fourth quarter. And the Specialty business does have a lot of quota shares and has a terrific reinsurance partnership. But it's almost 50% of the business, roughly between 40 to 50 in the quarter.  And so Specialty while had good rate increase in marine, political risk had a weighting on rate in the quarter as well as Financial Lines. Financial Line is about 20% of the gross premium written in the quarter and having a negative that just weights the overall rate environment.  But we had very strong rate in property. We had very good rate, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, of 8% in marine. And so yes, the overall index was at or perhaps slightly below loss cost trend, but it's not something we're concerned about.  The other thing too, in Specialty, you should realize is that December 1 is when all aviation renews. And so that was low single digits, again, weighting on it.  But it's mix of business, it's gross, and why I say gross is that when you take the gross to net for our Specialty business, it's basically 50% net premium written to gross. And so like we put that in the math in terms of our ceding commissions and profitability of the portfolio. But overall, we were pleased and think that there's opportunities to improve that in 2024. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thank you, Brian. It's a good question. It's a little leading, but we had outlined the capital management strategy for the first 6 months, and that gets us below the [ 650 million ] share count at a base assumption of a stock price around where we are now. And so there's a few variables that could accelerate that or slow it down depending on market conditions and share price. But we know we have the liquidity, and we just wanted to outline what we thought we would do within the first 6 months.  The next is dependent upon when we do a secondary sell-down, which I would expect before the end of the second quarter another sell-down, which gives us more liquidity. And the primary focus is going to be on share repurchase and dividend payment and believe that we can then get by the end of the year down to the lower end of the range or the 600 million.  Once we're closer to that, we feel like we've made enormous progress on all the elements of our capital management strategy. It has been very balanced and believe we would have to give guidance after that in terms of what we intend to do. But I kind of want to get to the range first, in the 600 million to 650 million, and then get to the lower end of the range with proceeds, and then we would provide additional guidance. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thank you, Brian, for the question. And I've been trying to find a way to bring in McElroy to close it out. So Dave, why don't you give Brian some insight, and then we'll send it back to me, and we'll finish up. 
Peter Zaffino;Chairman and CEO: Thanks, Dave. Thank you very much, and thanks, Brian. Thank you, everyone, for coming to the earnings call today and greatly appreciate the engagement. And I want to thank all of our colleagues around the world for all they've done to progress the strategic progress that we've made and just have delivered tremendous results. So everybody, have a great day, and thank you. 
Sabra Purtill: Yes. So when we've -- and we've talked about it in the past, we've taken a proactive approach to try and to react quickly to bad news that we see in trends. And as you know, even back in 2017, we moved to increase the reserves on casualty lines.  Our underlying assumptions for casualty loss trend is in the 10% range. It does vary between primary and excess. Our book historically has been a little bit more balanced towards excess, and that's why you can see some of the changes in the loss ratios accident year by accident year.  I would note that we do our deeper dive on the casualty lines largely in the third quarter. There are some that are in the second quarter, and we did complete those reserves this year without any meaningful changes in the reserves. 
Sabra Purtill: Yes, certainly. Look, we have a framework around our liquidity position. And clearly, given the timing of the Corebridge secondaries and the Validus sale in the fourth quarter, parent liquidity was at very attractive and high levels at year-end.  The way we think of it in a normal framework is we look at what our forward holding company needs are. So think about common dividend payments of roughly $1 billion a year. AIG-only interest expense, roughly $500 million a year. And then parent expenses, which as we've talked about, we're focused on getting those down to 1% to 1.5% of NPE range. So that's what we think about in terms of a normal liquidity position, which is lower, obviously, than where we ended the year. 
Sabra Purtill: Sure. And I'll just start by overall. As I mentioned, we did have some favorable prior year development from older catastrophe years. So those were basically in years 2018 through 2020.  If you look at the more recent accident years, as we indicated, we did put up $75 million of additional reserves related to Russia- and Ukraine-related claims. We've been evaluating our exposure for some time. And based on the analysis where we are at the end of the year, we felt it was appropriate to increase our reserves for the quarter.  But I would also note that in the 2022 accident year, we did have some adverse development on winter storm Elliott, which was at the very tail end of the fourth quarter of 2022. And then in the older accident years, as I said in General, we netted to a favorable reserve development. But we did have some adverse development in the 2018 and 2019 accident years on some mergers and acquisitions-related exposures. 
