Brian Duperreault: Thank you, Liz. Good morning, everyone. Today, I'd like to reflect on the past 11 months, our first quarter results, and our future outlook. It's nearly a year since my return to AIG and over that time we've driven a meaningful change and have accomplished a great deal. During last year, we successfully reorganized our businesses into General Insurance and Life and Retirement and have attracted world class talent and that momentum is picking up augmenting an already strong talent base. We benefited from the change in federal regulatory status and are no longer a nonbank SIFI. We showed incredible strength and resiliency, both financially and as an organization in the wake of unprecedented catastrophes over the last three quarters and entered the year with an extremely strong balance sheet. We created DSA Re, a more focused, single entity capital efficient structure for managing our runoff and we announced the strategic acquisition of Validus, which is on track to close in mid-2018. Our strategy to grow AIG and position it for long term profitable growth is taking hold. The first quarter demonstrated solid progress and another period of earnings stability. For the quarter, we reported $1.2 billion of pre-tax operating income, including $376 million in catastrophe losses as well as high severe and winter weather losses. The actions we've been taking to reduce volatility should continue to be evident in our future results. Peter will provide more detail on the execution of our reinsurance strategy across products and geographies. General Insurance first quarter underwriting results were in line with 2017 full year results despite higher severe and winter storm losses. Our reserves were stable and we had positive net development of over $100 million, including the ongoing $62 million in amortization of our ADC gain. Sid will speak to reserves and our ADC, where claims came in as expected. Stability was also evident in our first quarter Life and Retirement results. Returns were solid despite continuing spread compression and we remain disciplined in writing new business, focusing this quarter on Life and Index Annuities, while maintaining steady Group Retirement deposits and engaging in opportunistic Institutional Markets transactions. Kevin will speak to the outlook for these businesses. Last quarter, I said 2017 was a starting point from which we would improve upon and we remain confident in our positive trajectory. I've mentioned on past calls we don't provide guidance. That said, I have declared 2018 as the year of the underwriter and we do expect to deliver an underwriting profit by the end of this year as we enter 2019, reaching a combined ratio of below 100% will come through a combination of actions to improve loss and expense ratios. We also expect to reach top quartile book value growth and return on equity performance over time as a result of our decisive actions and the investments we're making to position the company for long-term profitable growth. In addition to working towards certain financial goals, we will also measure our success in attracting and retaining top talent, focusing on increasing diversity and inclusion across AIG, modernizing and updating our systems and technology and managing risk. My entire leadership team is committed to the goals I've outlined and our sense of urgency will continue. Now I will turn it over to Sid to give you more insight into the financial results.
Brian Duperreault: Well, Elyse, thanks. Look, it's difficult to say that it's going to be in a straight line, but when I'm referring to that I'm also including an AAL charge here. So if you take the volatility of catastrophes out, I think we should be making steady progress. But I can't tell you that it's going to be divided by three or four and you get the answer for the reduction. And then remember, it's not just loss ratio. We've got a deal with our expense levels which clearly are too high. We know that. And that's an effort around the operating model in General Insurance which has to be both effective and efficient and both of those we're working on very diligently. But, just remember, it's got the AAL in it, so that's where the seasonality. I'm taking cat out and putting a charge-in. I hope that helps.
Brian Duperreault: I think that may not have it, because the International runs at a better result. We're not going to have them stand still. We're expecting them to improve too. So I would say that the exit rate in North America probably will be above 100%. I'm not – it's the combined that I'm really talking about. And we need to get to an underwriting profit in this place, and we're going to do it.
Brian Duperreault: That's an interesting question, Kai. Yes. So, yes, I did buy back stock and we did. I said to you I would prefer to use our capital – and we're generating great capital here – to reinvest in the company. And that is add to capabilities and put in new capabilities, diversify. And I'll continue to look for that. But it is a capital management tool, and we'll continue to use it. And we'll evaluate the circumstances as they arise to decide whether or not this is the time to buy back stock. But it is a tool and we do use it and I have used it before, may use it again. Thanks, Kai.
Brian Duperreault: Well, thanks, Erik. I don't have plans for an Investor Day. I'll certainly think about that. But to talk about this, let's take the combined ratio going under 100%. I think you can do the arithmetic and figure out what additional profits we would be making with that improvement. If you take that number alone and put it against what our capital is, the ROEs we would be generating would be high single-digit for sure. And I've given you that as, call it, an intermediate target. And I also expressed that we want to be top quartile in terms of combined ratios and that includes expenses. Expense levels are too high. We want to be top quartile in our expense levels. We should be the most efficient. We're big enough to be taking advantage of our scale. So we should be much, much better in terms of our expense levels. We're going to get there, all right. But you can work out the arithmetic on the ROEs. Book value growth is the other number. So I mentioned three things, right? Combined ratio is under 100%, ROEs and growth in book value. And I think if you just do the intermediate, you're going to get a pretty good idea of what that would imply and then if you get past that to top quartile, I think these are pretty good numbers as targets. I mean if we achieve them, they're world-class. But, in the meantime, just getting to a combined ratio of 100% is going to produce a pretty good ROE. I hope that helps Erik.
Brian Duperreault: No, well, I'm talking about – well on ROE, yes, I think it would have to be. I mean we are a composite company and so we have to consider ourselves in that way. It would have to be yes.
Brian Duperreault: Well, look, we have a very good ROE in Life, we believe that's maintainable. The General Insurance requires us to start making underwriting profit. Once we get into that area, we will start to generate numbers in that range. So what holds us back? Make an underwriting profit. There's no earthly reason why we can't make an underwriting profit and we will and so we'll get to those ROEs.
Brian Duperreault: That's a great question. Well, first of all, our catastrophe cover last year did not respond to the worst catastrophe event. Now, we have a good balance sheet, we withstood that. I don't think that's a good use of capital. And so we made the decision to use reinsurance to balance that portfolio so we take the extremes out. I think that's a good trade. I'd make that trade every day. Now, we do have a good balance sheet, there's no question about it. But I'm also in a business of protecting that, so that we can grow this book, use the capital for profitable growth and so that's why it's very good for the shareholder.
Brian Duperreault: Yes. If I could just add a little color. So if you look at our PEs, whatever, you're going to see a fairly high loss ratios in Casualty. We've had high loss ratios in Casualty. We have stability in the reserves. In fact we've seen some redundancies coming out of that. I think that's good, but the Casualty remains too high. There's no question about it. A lot of it is excess and you don't fix excess by price. It's a high severity low frequency book. Now price matters don't get me wrong, but selection, attachment, terms and conditions, you fix the excess book by not having losses. You don't price it up. You cut the losses out and so much of our work is around that and so whether it's the risk management book or it's the excess casualty or even in the D&O. We're taking a lot of time and effort to fix that book, but we're not, as Peter said, we're not done with Casualty, but we're on our way.
Brian Duperreault: Yes, exactly. That's the nuance of this thing. I think the actions we're taking now become effective, okay? Now, when it's excess of loss, one should be a little bit more cautious, because the best book in the world and the worst book in the world look exactly the same when they start out, because the losses take a little while to get reported. And so we know we're doing the right thing, but we'll take a little time to verify it.
Brian Duperreault: Well, we said we think – we believe that our premium levels will stabilize this year over last, okay. Now we're down about 10%, something like that in the first quarter. So we would expect an improvement in that. So there'll be some lift, some of it's because we're recapturing some of the Casualty business, some of it is natural growth. So we'll see some improvement. And that's embedded in what we're talking about. But there isn't some massive increase in production that's going to get us to where we want to go. We're going to get it by evaluating our portfolio and doing the proper underwriting on it.
Brian Duperreault: Thank you. Well, we've reached our time. So I want to thank you all for calling in and for the great questions and look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you very much.
Peter Zaffino: Yes, okay. So as you said, Elyse, there's quite a bit going on in the quarter. When you take the impact of reinsurance, certainly that reduces our overall property earned premium in the quarter. So we're moving with positive rate but also remediating property and then having the headwind of the reinsurance. We're also rebalancing our Casualty book and getting out of more of the sort of lead excess casualty, getting after – making sure we're not doing lead on primary IPO and professional liabilities, so those things that we're doing to reposition the book. But, the consequences of that in terms of what happens a little bit with the loss ratio was that property reduced more, reposition the Casualty book. Casualty is not growing, but as a percentage of grow, it grew a little bit in the quarter, and so therefore that's what really had a little bit of a difference in the overall loss ratio. But our focus is, every day, what are we doing to stand up the businesses, laser focus on the accident year loss ratios within North America and doing everything we can to remediate that over the calendar year.
Peter Zaffino: Sure. Kai, I think you have to start in North America and the Personal Insurance. And so we decided to strategically reposition the portfolio. And we had two significant wins in the travel in the end of last year that is starting to earn into 2018. And what's going to happen is we're going to see the acquisition expenses increase as a result of that change of mix of business. We also divested a business in 2017 as well. What you can't really see is that will improve the loss ratio in North America Personal Insurance. It's not obvious this quarter, because of what Sid pointed out on the non-cat winter storm. And there was a little bit more frequency in large losses within those winter storms. And so that masked the improvement we'll see in the loss ratio. So you should expect that the acquisition expenses that have increased will maintain, but will improve the loss ratio in North America as you look out to the next three quarters for the full year.
Peter Zaffino: Sure. No, it should be fairly steady throughout the remaining part of the calendar year. That will depend largely on, not from an AAL basis, but how the portfolio shifts. But based on what we see today where we're growing that, we expect that the earned portion of the property cat will be quarter-to-quarter, but offsetting that will be – we had a large session in our excess of loss casualty placement and that we discontinued last year. And so we'll be getting more earned premium back on the Casualty, so it'll largely offset it in terms of the overall financial results within North America for Commercial.
Peter Zaffino: Okay. So, let me just talk about Casualty for a second and just give you some insight overall for the company. If you look at International when we saw the accident year loss ratio improve, that was from some of the reinsurance actions we took at 1/1 because last year it was a little choppy in terms of the results, but we had some losses that pierced some higher levels that we hadn't seen in the past. So we put in excess of loss treaty together for our International Casualty and that's where you're seeing the improvement in the accident year loss ratios in 2018 and expect that to continue in the rest of the calendar year. In terms of North America, we're not done. I mean I think we've made some very good improvements in how we're looking at gross lines, net lines, looking at businesses where we think we have a real leadership position and can really differentiate ourselves in the marketplace, that's just begun. So I expect us to be improving every quarter throughout this year and next year as we reposition the portfolio looking at excess casualty, looking at financial lines. One of the businesses that Brian's mentioned in the past that we stood up first was Agram (49:40), which is our large account business that has really accelerated. We're seeing a lot more submission activity and expect to see opportunities for profitable growth there and so this will be – we've made progress. We're going to make more progress and this is going to be an iterative process throughout the calendar year.
Peter Zaffino: The only thing I would add, Brian, is that we are not competing in the commoditized market, where I think that's where those comments resonate. We are in a segmented market where leadership matters. AIG has the expertise and leadership. And when we go to our new organizational structure, we're going to really be focused on how we face off with clients and distribution and play to our strengths. So I think that they look to us to lead. They look for us to help with risk. And they look for us to structure deals. And I think that's what differentiates our ability to get rate.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Yes. Elyse, I'd point you to my comments in my script. It's about 1 point on the full year General Insurance ratio. That's a mix of both Commercial and Personal Insurance. We haven't broken it out further beyond that.
Siddhartha Sankaran: We have a very – hey, Jay, it's Sid. We have a very small portfolio in the Legacy. It's about $400 million. The sensitivity analysis that we've run is that if everybody lived to the end of the mortality table, our reserves would double. So you have $100 million in actives and then $300 million in the remainder. So it's a relatively small portfolio and we don't have those issues in long-term care.
Siddhartha Sankaran: Well, I mean we can't comment on Berkshire's projections. I think what we can tell you is and I made a comment about quarter-to-quarter they're going to be variance in paid claims because of the mix of business. So remember based on our projections you have some business that's shorter term in that ADC and some that's longer term. So some of the stuff like excess casualty and workers' comp, there'll be paid claims out 20, 30 years. So that's important for people to keep in mind as they look at what happens in the quarterly paid claims. That's why we assess this on how are we looking versus what we thought inception to date and we feel very good about that metric.
Siddhartha Sankaran: And, Paul, it's Sid here. We've been pretty clear and consistent that the remaining portfolio that we're evaluating is Legacy and that's DSA Re. And we're going to continue to evaluate and we're pleased with the progress that we've made in standing up that entity.
Kevin T. Hogan: Yes. Thanks, Jay. I think that if the changes that the Fifth Circuit have come up with hold up, the big positive is the elimination of the overhang of litigation as a resolution mechanism for this best interest contract, which I think will be a generally positive thing. But there's still a lot of moving parts. You have the SEC, which has weighed in with its proposal. We have certain of the states that are pursuing best interest standards, et cetera. And so we're focused on independent distribution. We're working closely with our distribution partners and working with them in terms of how they respond. The reality is there's still uncertainty as to what the future environment is going to be. And I believe that as long as that uncertainty is there, there's going to be some overhang. That being said, conditions are certainly improving with interest rates coming up a little bit. Products are becoming a little bit more attractive to investors and also some of the recent volatility in the equity markets has reminded people of the value of certain characteristics of our products and income benefits. So we do see conditions improving. Index sales are doing very well. VA sales have essentially stabilized. And as you know, we're very responsive in fixed annuity to current conditions. So I believe we're as well positioned or better positioned than anyone to respond where investor appetites go. But I don't think there's going to be an immediate change in the environment simply because of the Fifth Circuit ruling.
Kevin T. Hogan: Yes. So, look, we worked hard on the portfolio the last couple of years and believe we have a market leading position with our distribution organization, our leading product positions in all three of the retail annuity spaces in Group Retirement and a very strong position in Institutional Markets. So we have no intention other than being disciplined in deploying capital into growth opportunities, which as I mentioned earlier, conditions are improving in the markets.
Kevin T. Hogan: Yes, Yaron. Thanks. First thing I'd point out is, is that we did have this quarter the $54 million in the non-recurring payments on structured securities as we pointed out. We would not necessarily expect that to continue, but otherwise the excess market performance and the fee income is a modest part of what's been contributing to that ROE. I think what's more important is the overall blend of where equity markets are, where interest rates are, where our investors believe they're going to go and what alternatives it is that they have. And as I pointed out, we are in a somewhat unique position. We can deploy capital into Index Annuities right now because we have the distribution mechanism to do it. If the conditions for Fixed Annuities improve, we'll be able to deploy more capital into that than we are right now and we also have the Group Retirement business. Let's not forget about the strong growth in the Life Insurance business which is attractive new business conditions. And we've proven that with the discipline and the selection in the pension risk transfer and the Institutional Markets business we're able to find transactions that meet our economic expectations as well as STAT and GAAP requirements.
