David Herzog: Thank you, Jay. And before I turn it over to Liz, just a comment or two on Slide 15 for a few highlights of our mortgage guarantee business United Guaranty. We continue to make good progress in terms of operating earnings, which this quarter were driven by favorable development and continued decline new delinquencies. We also continue to grow our new insurance in-force or new insurance written and I think most importantly, we’ve assisted over 24,000 Americans stay in their homes through modifications and refinancings. And so that continues to be a focus for the United Guaranty team. So with that, Liz, I’ll turn it back to you for Q&A.
David Herzog: Yeah, so the next item was the FIN 48 related to the foreign tax credits associated with some cross-border financing transactions. And what I would tell you is that a couple of things, one, we absorbed a piece of litigation not related to AIG, but it was a market event and we’ve researched that, understood that and then evaluated our entire portfolio of related transactions and made our best estimate of what the potential exposure is on those and we made our adjustment accordingly. I would never tell you that that there never will be another, but we made our best estimate based on looking at the entire portfolio, based on facts and circumstances as we know. So again, we looked at the whole portfolio. And then I think you had a question on…Joshua D. Shanke – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: $719 million of litigation expense.
David Herzog: I’m not going to comment any further than what our disclosure says, Josh, I’d appreciate that.Joshua D. Shanke – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Okay. And then for Jay, how confident are you that you can fully hedge-out the equity risk on the variable annuity sales that you are doing.
Unidentified Company Representative: Yes, Josh, just to be clear though that the NAV is different from cash. So I just want to make sure you’re clear on that, okay?Josh Stirling – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC:  Okay, that actually makes a prefect sense. Thank you. 
Unidentified Company Representative: Just to put that in a broader context of the simplification of our legal entity structures around the world and the conversion of branches to subsidiaries, especially in Asia, while in Europe, we are converting to a series of branches in Europe, of one central European hub in the UK, and a revision of internal reinsurance and capital maintenance agreement that optimize our capital fundability around the world.
Unidentified Company Representative: Let me be more candid, we did a lot of auditing to make sure that the reserve development and this action were absolutely independent of each other. It would long in the works.Jay A. Cohen – BofA Merrill Lynch: Got it, thanks for that.
Unidentified Company Representative: Okay. In the queue parental liquidity is 7.3 billion, that includes the (inaudible) numbers as well, but it also includes some restricted cash at some of our subsidiary. So parental liquidity, excluding some of the restricted cash of $6.5 billion, then we’ve received roughly $6.1 billion so far and Maiden Lane three proceeds. We expect to get another roughly $1.9 billion by mid-August and spend another roughly $0.5 billion at some point in the future. So, we do have ample liquidity in the organization and ample capital. We did also buy reasonable amount of the Maiden Lane through securities, which could use some of that liquidity. So as David mentioned, there was – it seemed to be $5 billion of excess liquidity that could be allocated to other uses of the parent and other than that I don't think we're going to comment anymore on capital management.
Unidentified Company Representative: Let me give you a simple example. We’ve been talking about using information and we talked about, we repaid in the last 10.5 years, 27 million worker comp claims. We never did analytics on it. Peter, his team, the actuarial team are now working with Johns Hopkins University to study 27 million claims record. What’s an example of things we’re now learning that if you injure your shoulder at the workplace and go to the emergency room, and they – because it’s painful, they put your arm in a sling, it will generally cause us an additional 50,000 because generally that will cause your shoulder to lock up. And so we’re now thinking about how do we use that information to go out and tell hospitals how AIG feels, you need to deal with this kind of injury to prevent it from getting worse. That’s a huge insight. It allows us to market the company to the medical community that we’re doing things, that will help them heal their patients better. It also helps us deal with our claws, so that’s just one example of many, many, many years. We go through this database and begin to use information we’ve never used before, so as you ask what inning it is, I don’t know, but all I could say is we are going to have a good inning in the first, in the second, in the third, in the fourth because this data will continually rollout and give us an enormous competitive advantage over the next four, five years.Adam Klauber – William Blair & Company, L.L.C.:  Great. Thank you very much.
Unidentified Company Representative: I did in fact mentioned that we did about $400 million of first tranche of the (inaudible). $600 million.
Unidentified Company Representative: We don’t look at a single measure of capital, we look at NAV in an absolute basis, we look at economic capital, which is again available capital versus required capital under various stress scenarios and we also look at cash flow sufficiency of our assets to cover our maturing liabilities. And we look at that under stress as well. So, it’s not just one approach or methodology that we use. And I think as David said, based on that analysis we have made a decision to reallocate some of the capital within (inaudible). So that gives you a sense that we believe there was excess capital and excess liquidity. In addition, the portfolio isn’t wind down. The assets and liabilities are matched up quite well and then again over time, we would expect to realize the freeing up of the NAV, as well as the additional capital created from the pull through intrinsic of the assets.
Unidentified Company Representative: And I just want remain everybody, we did talk about [cycle ending] and we’ve gone through a whole approach to our liquidity management here and what are the most effective ways to do that and as part of that liquidity management we determine that we could do some securities lending and that as a consequence of that at securities lending it would create capital gains and so that’s another form of harvesting capital gains, which is part of that liquidity program that we probably wouldn’t take that approach if we couldn’t cover some of the costs of those capital gains, but that’s covered now. So, it made sense to take that approach to how we handle our liquidity. So that’s another thing that’s allowing us to get there without actually selling securities and losing the yield.
Unidentified Company Representative: I don’t think there is any concern we have about the businesses we have and so on. We are discussing internally the effects the Volcker Rule could have on us and so there is little concern there. We’re thinking about that if we – and we are giving thoughts to whether we should now close the bank we have, thus we’re concerned about that aspect of it, and then insurance company invest very differently than a bank would. But aside from that issue, this is really about making sure we have really good process, and good controls especially in the risk management arena, very good controls around how we determine we can handle a bump in the night that happened in ’08 for example. And so that’s the SECORP process that we go through. And we’re doing it in the same discipline, then look a lot of us were frustrated with the SOX or so on. It was lot of formal receptions, but the process itself made sure companies really thought through the controls they need to have to make sure that they issue numbers that are correct. And so we see this as an enhancement to that process. And so it’s really about process policies and making sure we have really good controls over some of the assumptions around our liquidity and so on. So that’s really the major changes, it is just how we do things.
Unidentified Company Representative: We have the NAIC, they do a very effective job in the US, you have the FSAs around the world and so on. All of them have their capital charges at the insurance companies prior to maintain RBCs and so on. So the insurance companies in my opinion are already there and I think that we don’t know, because we don’t know, what we don’t know, from my sense is that that’s not going be an issue. The real question becomes the amount of money that we hold at the holding company above all of the regulated entities and to the extent that we own these regulated entities what requirements the Fed may have. And for example at AIG, we have as you know the capital maintenance agreements, which says that we can contribute back into the insurance companies if RBCs fall. We got to make sure that money is actually there and it’s available if in fact there is a crisis at insurance company. And so having the Fed regulate that money and making sure that when we have a liquidity plan, we have one, that’s reassuring for the insurance regulators that are looking at AIG’s ability to live up to its commitments. So in a way we see that is a big positive.
Jay Wintrob: I think we are very confident in the way we structured our VA hedge program, if you are referring to the equity risk exclusively…Joshua D. Shanke – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Yes.
Jay Wintrob: I think the answer is no, at this point, I think the market there is quite deep on that, some would continue to accept that reevaluated, but I think from where we are now essentially the answer is no.Joshua D. Shanke – Deutsche Bank Securities, Inc.: Well thank you very much.
Jay Wintrob: Yeah, I think, it’s a good question. I think you are right. The spread number does not include Maiden Lane III, but what it also does and include is a – the most significant source of earnings going forward in DIB is the pull to intrinsic of the underlying assets. So to the extent there are assets going out of the DIB, the remaining assets will, as we said, we will be sufficient to meet maturities and you’ll see the pull to intrinsic coming through over time. And excess liquidity, to the extent it exists within the DIB, could be used to make further attractive investments or to retire debt. So as the DIB winds down, you’ll see more and more of that kind of activity.
