Peter Hancock: Yes, we have a fair degree of confidence that the three-year trend of actually loss ratio improvement will continue. As you know, a lot of the improvement is baked into this year through renewals, so we have a high degree of confidence on that.
Peter Hancock: It’s a combination of all the initiatives we’ve made to make sure that we have reunderwritten the books that were causing problems. So the U.S. casualty book has been substantially reunderwritten. Getting rate where we needed rate, investment in much, much tighter claims to reduce claims leakage. So it’s a whole combination of factors which have been underway for two years and are now starting to come through as we actually start to believe in the trends that have been established. 
Peter Hancock: Well, the big expenditure in 2014 relates to Japan. As I mentioned, we’re spending about $250 million in fully integrating the Fuji acquisition into our AIU operation. And that’s a spend that really started in July of last year, and will last through July 2015. So it really peaks this year as we make some very major investments in infrastructure and branch rationalization in Japan. So that’s the big item.  And then offsetting that is a continuation of a process we started in 2011 of integrating the property casualty business into one seamless AIG as opposed to a number of separate profit centers with duplicative infrastructure. And so this year we will be really streamlining, removing excess layers of management in areas where they’re duplicative so that we can be as responsive to customers and grow and redeploy people and capital where the opportunities are greatest.  But I think that the expense ratio has been affected by a combination of these investments, as well as the reduced denominator of the shrinkage in the U.S. casualty business. So a bit of negative operating leverage occurring, which, as I mentioned, we’re getting top line growth again as we have reunderwritten the casualty book.  So I think we feel good about the outlook on the expense front, but I don’t think there’s going to be a dramatic change until 2015.
Peter Hancock: I’ll start on the first point and then I’m going to probably enlist James Bracken to help if I flub the GAAP accounting treatment. Basically, these are contracts and policies written pre-2004. They were multiyear in nature, where because they’re multiyear and we’re receiving premiums still, it means that as claims get made, they appear in the current accident year. These are the discontinued business from pre-2004 that appears in the current accident year. It’s an anomaly.
Peter Hancock: I don’t view either of these ratios as a source of competitive advantage. They are outcomes of what we do for our customers. So our competitive advantage comes by the expertise that we have and the risks that we take ourselves or help our customers to manage if they choose to retain them.  : And so as a result of that, we’re investing in what it takes to be experts, and that will lead to a higher expense ratio than was the case historically, but those historical expense ratios were also somewhat flattered by reinsurance strategies at large [seating] commissions, which we don’t do on the same scale anymore. The other thing is, as Bob says, when you restated accident year loss ratios, 1980 to 2003, which were way above industry averages, and we never want to return to those sorts of underwriting standards. So we’re really sharpening up how we manage our risks so that we have a competitive combined ratio, as Bob says, and in a sustainable way, through the cycle.  And so the other thing we’re really focused on is a better tradeoff between profitability, growth, and risk, and we don’t feel we are forced to grow top line in a soft market. So we want to get our fixed costs down, we’re focused on the mix between fixed costs and variable costs, so that we have the ability to scale back volume in a soft market, so we manage the cycle better in the future.
Peter Hancock: I will just give you a quick answer on the timing of expense saves related to the severance, which is we really have not disclosed the precise savings that we expect in the calendar year 2014, because we want to be extremely thoughtful about the way we execute what is effectively around an organizational streamlining to better serve our customers, where we’re not approaching this with a finite sort of deadline during the course of the year. We want to make absolutely sure that we execute this in a way that makes us better serve our customers. And so we’re being quite thoughtful about the execution.  So we have a broad range of ideas. I think it’s sufficient to say that we think we will maintain an expense ratio that’s fairly stable this year, but we’re not disclosing precise numbers nor quarterly schedule of savings. On the accident year loss ratio, as Bob says, this is a business that zigs and zags, and to understand which of those zigs and zags are noise and which ones are signal, you need to dig a little bit under the surface to normalize severe storms and so one quarter to quarter, and I think that’s probably best done offline in a follow up discussion with James.
David Herzog: As we’ve said before, we’ve remained, and do remain, committed to the $25 billion to $30 billion of overall capital management. To date, we’ve done about $20 billion. $16 billion or so of that is in common equity buybacks. We’ve done some debt. We’re increasing the dividend. I think the overall approach is to be prudent, to be deliberate and orderly about the pace at which we go. We want to, in the long term scheme of things, do this in an orderly way. And so we’re balancing the perspectives of many different stakeholders at the table, so the fact that we’re increasing our dividend, increasing or getting an additional share repurchase authorization, I think you should take as a sign of our confidence, our board’s confidence, in the underlying financial underpinning of the company.  And as I’ve said, we remain committed to the $25 billion to $30 billion of capital management between 2011 and 2015. So we’re going at a pace we think is appropriate. Bob, if you want to add any commentary to that, I’d welcome that at this time.
David Herzog: It’s a combination of continued strength in earnings, so we’re continuing the generate the deployable capital, but there is some amount - I haven’t quantified it publicly - that we’re moving some higher than needed capital in some of the operating companies up to the holding company.  So we’re continuing to evaluate the amount of capital that we’re holding in the operating companies. We want to make sure we’ve got plenty of capital for our ratings, plenty of capital to maintain our competitive positioning and to fund growth, but the businesses are continuing to generate very substantial capital and we will migrate some of the capital ratios down a bit over time as we said we would do. 
David Herzog: There are three things I’d want to sort of leave you with respect to our debt capital management as it ties into our focus on coverage ratios. One is we did achieve the goals we had set out for 2013 vis-à-vis the coverage ratio and interest expense run rate savings. So again, we did it opportunistically and struck a balance of being able to allocate capital to share buyback, dividends, as well as share repurchase. So, again, point one, 2013 goals met.  Secondly, with respect to the direct investment book and the liability management that Brian Schreiber and the team are overseeing, we funded that with cash that was allocated in the DIB very specifically for that purpose. So those proceeds, or the funds we used for that, had no effect, essentially, on cash or capital we have available for share buyback or other forms of equity capital management.  And again, we’ll continue to look to optimize the value of the direct investment book over time. And as I said, 80% of it’s gone at the end of 2018. If we can accelerate that without sacrificing guidance, we certainly will.  And thirdly, then, the point being we continue to generate deployable capital, again 5 to 6, plus the tax sharing payments. I would look for us to continue to, very opportunistically, focus on debt capital management as it presents itself. I think I would expect we would continue to make progress on our coverage ratio, primarily through earnings improvements, but also from time to time we will look at capital management, debt buybacks, etc., as they present themselves. So really, as Bob said, we’re focused on our ratings, and we’ll strike an appropriate balance. We haven’t set any specific targets for 2014. I think, again, we’re in a pretty solid place based on what we did in 2013.
David Herzog: I think we’ll continue to be opportunistic in how we think about it. So I wouldn’t give you any specific targets of what we will do or won’t do, but again, we’ll be opportunistic. We want to focus on continued improvement in the coverage ratio. And I think we can do that primarily through earnings, but we’ll look at other ways to approach that. 
David Herzog: I think I’ll limit my remarks to 2014. That’s the commentary that I want to share with you and the investment community, because that’s the line of sight that we want to provide. As I said before, if we continue to generate deployable capital, we want to maintain first and foremost strong capital positions in our operating companies, and as they continue to generate capital, we’ll give you as much insight into that as possible. Again, I think the DTA payments, as I’ve said, are roughly $1 billion in 2014 and $2 billion in 2015, and it will go from there. And so there will be a very substantial cash flow to the holding company. Again, the $4 billion to $5 billion is what we said back in 2011 when we reintroduced the company, and that’s a very solid foundation, but again, we see opportunities to redeploy some capital that’s above and beyond the levels we need to hold at those operating companies. And that’s what we want to do, get it up to the holding company, so that it’s most fungible at that level.
David Herzog: Very fair question. One of the things we did was we improved the diversification of the capital in a couple of operating companies through some internal restructurings we did with the life settlement portfolio. So we accelerated some cash out of the opcos as we used that cash to improve the diversification of some of the capital. The punch line is it had no effect on the level of capital or cash we had available at the holding company for capital management or other general corporate purposes. So that’s really where it went. So almost $2 billion of it went for that, so it was some internal improvements we made. 
Bob Benmosche: No, you said it exactly right. Keep in mind that, considering where we’ve been, and we’ve had the clear direction, we want to make sure we do this in a very thoughtful, routine, and prudent way.
Bob Benmosche: Can I just add to that? I know we’re all focused on the expense ratio, but we need to focus on the accident year loss ratio and the growth of this business. And another thing, as Peter has talked about over the last year or two, is that we’ve invested heavily in an [engineering] center that will improve our ability to assess risk, investing huge amounts of money and time to get better data around underwriting intuition, and doing a better job there. That’s adding to the expense ratio.  When you look at money we’re spending to put in the fraud unit, subrogation units, in our claims area, all of this is adding expense and the benefit really of that is an improved and reliable and consistent accident year loss ratio. So you really have to think about the strategic work that he’s talked about over the last two years and how you’re seeing that benefit across the entire combined ratio.  And also, it takes a while into earn into the benefits of what we’re targeting. We just mentioned earlier today that the actual rates have to exceed the trends, and it takes a long time for trends to emerge. And I think you’ll see this continuing to progress over the next several years. 
Bob Benmosche: And as far as capital management is concerned, what we’ve seen all along is that our first priority is our credit ratings, because that speaks to our ability to live up to the promises that we make. So we’re worried about coverage ratio, debt management, and so on. We then said that we want to have some dividends to [unintelligible] back to our shareholders. But the primary goal, after those two have been achieved, is share buybacks.  So when ILFC closes, we will make a determination at that time, and we’ll continue to evaluate our capital management program around our stress testing of the company, which is right now we do one starting in November and we do another one around May, and then we take a look at where the company is, where we think the issues are in the marketplace, and then it goes into the board, what we think is appropriate capital actions based on what we see at that time.  So as we get to the point, as David point out, the $25 billion to $30 billion, we can see the dividends coming up to the holding company, you can see the DTA beginning to get monetized. Our priority is to continue to maintain a strong company, while at the same time, given what makes sense to the shareholders, as quickly as we can. 
Bob Benmosche: I think you should [unintelligible] us having a very competitive combined ratio, both loss ratio and expense ratio. I think that’s what Peter is working towards. But you need to look at the loss ratio and look at it on an accident year basis, historically. If I go back to our releases, and the information we provided you, I don’t know that the accident year loss ratio for those prior years looked at from this year would be what you saw.  So I think there’s a difference. And if you back them in, which is what you need to do, prior year development, and you look at the prior year development over the last several years, and look at what we’ve had to do, you can see that the accident years were pretty high.  So what you’re going to see is continued improvement in the loss ratio, continued improvement in underwriting and systems around underwriting, continued investment in technology so we have a very strong, bullet proof processing capability here at AIG that’s state of the art, and then you’ll see your expense ratio start to come down and still see improvements in loss ratio.  But we need to continue to invest in a lot of tools to make sure that that loss ratio, five years from now, is what we said was in the [unintelligible] or slightly better. And so we’re building this company not only for 2014, but for 2018 and 2020. We really have to have a strong foundation for the future, and that’s what we’re building here. 
Bob Benmosche: We’re not going to talk about ILFC. Once it closes, we’ll be glad to talk about what the options are, but let’s get to closing, and then we’ll know what we can talk about. 
Kevin Hogan: Sure. Mark, these are primarily related to some wholesale travel business in the fourth quarter. There were some severe losses in travel delays. And then in the private client group also, there were a handful of losses associated with the severe weather. We’ve taken appropriate underwriting actions across the portfolio in the U.S., throughout 2013, and we anticipate this to be a short term impact on the results. 
Kevin Hogan: The reality is that AIG has done a terrific job in the commercial underwriting area in the last couple of years and are a little bit ahead of some of the disciplines that we’re adopting in the consumer area, and the focus is on the large portfolios.  So in Japan we have been taking rate on some of the large auto portfolios as well as the core A&H businesses. And in the United States as well, we’re taking a hard look at the private [unintelligible] business state by state and have filed a number of rate adjustments in the homeowners and automobile businesses there. We’re also in the process of introducing similar tools [that reps can use in] commercial in terms of the global raters and focusing on rate adequacies in the various portfolios, including those that are the strategic business expansion areas, where we’re introducing the appropriate technical skills from the get go in our [unintelligible] operations.  So growth is an important aspect of the consumer business as we try to generate a customer insight driven business, but we are doing it with the appropriate underwriting discipline and that is a very important part of our [unintelligible] focus. 
Kevin Hogan: The actions that we’re taking in Japan are really related to an overall portfolio review [unintelligible] fire and marine, relatively reducing acquisition. We’ve taken an extensive review, and this is really a primary area where we have improved our selection parameters and rate. And we have seen an improvement in the overall profile of the results as a result.  In terms of the A&H business, it’s more of a reflection of responding to some changing trends in the underlying results in the marketplace, and I believe what we will see is an improved underwriting result as we go forward.
