Mark Lyons;Executive VP & CFO: Yes, thanks. Yes, thank you, Peter. Thanks, Meyer. Actually, we feel very good about accident year '20 and '21, I think the core of your question. And I think I've made a pretty strong case for the changes that have occurred, which I think have been, I think, pretty enormous on it. And interestingly, overall, I'm confident not just in the current accident years. I'm confident where we are now on the reserve position even and for Financial Lines and in total across the book. And you could kind of say, well, why are you confident? And there's a lot of reasons for it. I mean when Dave McElroy and his group got in here, they started making some pretty material underwriting changes step by step. And I think it's just endemic upon the analysis of it for not only the past years but the current year is to focus in on exactly what those changes were and then go back with a very tight eye to look at it. And that's exactly what we did. But the transformation of the book, as I itemized on private not-for-profit and public, has been enormous. So I feel very strongly about where we are on those recent years. Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Mark, since you mentioned Financial Lines, I think maybe Dave can provide some context as to some of the changes and how he's looking at the portfolio. So Dave, maybe you can add to what Mark commented on. 
Mark Lyons;Executive VP & CFO: Great question, Michael. So I would say there's only a handful that are really claims-made, right? It's management liability, it's professional indemnity that really drive it, and super tough product liability case is really claims-made. It's one thing to shift it gross, it's another thing to ship it net, right? So as we've used different reinsurances over time, that changes the proportions. So we're comfortable with the mix of occurrence and claims-made. There's growth in Financial Lines, as Peter pointed out. And there's some growth in Excess Casualty. The nets are somewhat different but we think appropriate for what we're doing. 
Mark Lyons;Executive VP & CFO: Well, yes, I think how Dave explained it is the way the business actually flows, the business actually works. So the key thing is upfront identifying the right classes and the right risk, which they've really done, I think, exceptionally well. And then the second is what goes through the court systems. Given that you have SCAs, even though we are massively reduced in the SCAs, you got to go through all the motions to dismiss and other procedurals that take it there. So that's what Dave's comment about 3 plus -- 3 to 5 years has to work its way through the court system. But given our reduced exposure, back to a similar answer, that makes us feel so strongly about the recent accident years. 
David McElroy: Yes. Thank you, Peter. Thank you, Mark. The -- I know it's probably top of mind, but the Financial Lines book has been one that has been stored at AIG. And most of you know I've been involved with P&L and Financial Lines for my entire 40-year career. So I've seen the bodies float by me. I've seen the strategies avowed and disavowed. And we knew exactly what we were doing when we came in here to look at this portfolio. So today, I would say that both North America and International are completely different and fundamentally different books than what we had in the '16 to '18 cohort years. That's personal to me. That's also Michael Price, who's running North America for us. But we did the things that are -- that matter, and we've been doing it across all of our lines of business in terms of risk selection, limit management, portfolio balance, the diligence on terms and conditions. Mark talked about a little bit on private, and then we're measuring it on claims. So the -- this is what this -- I view this as the story that we needed to complete. Mark hit our public company book. That is by and large the measure of a D&O underwriter. And if you're in the public company space, you're talking about your securities class action exposure, and the 67% of your annual loss costs are driven by those cases. So when you think about that, it's a math equation of 200 of these are normally filed out of 5,500 total public companies. So risk selection matters. What we found here was probably chasing premium versus chasing quality accounts. So we might -- we were overweighted in technology and life science and health care and new economy and unicorns trying to go public instead of trying to build a portfolio of what I'd consider to be stable, less volatile stocks. So from a company class industry standpoint, we gave some more definition to our underwriting teams about what they should be looking at and then trying to stay away from what I consider to be the target-rich environment of the plains thus far, which are stock volatility, market cap volatility and basically a ready-made securities class action case. So that's a lot of the re-underwriting that's been done. It's -- we knew it was going to take a little bit of time. The evidence of that is now showing up. We've taken out $65 billion of limits. We -- you've heard our story around $650 billion of limits taken out across the portfolio. $65 billion of it is in these products alone. And more importantly, and that's sort of often how I'm looking at the business is we took it out in primary D&O, okay? So the natural order of looking at large -- Fortune 500 companies used to be at $25 million. They're now at $10 million. 81% of our portfolio is at $10 million there versus what would have been $25 million 4 years ago. The same with a -- what I consider to be NASDAQ mid-cap, they were 15s and 10s. They're now $5 million. 66% of the book is now $5 million. So we've compressed limits. We've addressed the retention issue. We were trying to -- we recognize that M&A bump-up claims were actually affecting primary underwriters -- and I think that's been on other calls. They were affecting primary underwriters more disparately than excess underwriters. So we increased our retentions there. These are all the tools that were always available to us. We just actually pushed them forward. And I -- we're trying to get in front of it, but basically, we believe strongly that this portfolio today is a very different portfolio from a risk selection standpoint, from a balance perspective in terms of excess and side A versus primary versus the limits versus our controlling the aggregate. I would also sort of finalize that by saying this is a claims-made book. So in many ways, we'll actually know within that 3- to 5-year window all the work that's been done. And our frequency and severity has dropped dramatically in these '20, '21 years, not only in securities class actions, we're running at less than half. But because of limit management, we're running at 2/3 lower in terms of limits exposed to class action suits as well. So these the are tools... Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: Dave, your passion is coming through very much. We probably want to take another question. 
David McElroy: And then, by the way, we have gotten compounded rate increases of 100%. So I apologize, that's... Peter Zaffino;President, CEO, Global COO & Director: That's terrific. Thank you. 
David McElroy: Yes. Thanks, Mark and Josh. Yes, the only thing I'd say there is that you've seen a lot of variability in the schedule piece in terms of portfolios over the years. There can be 40- to 50-point differences consistently. So that speaks to risk selection and the portfolios. But that said, there's definitely verticality that's been happening in those years. That is showing up in the 2019 and 2022 -- 2020 years because the courts did not close for this motion to dismiss and the securities class action. So in fact, if you look at Cornerstone, there were the equal number of settlements in 2020 during COVID that there were in 2019. So verticality still exists in this business, market cap loss, disclosed damages and what that happens. So I think there's a lot of immaturity in those years that will continue to show up because the cases are still sort of fermenting. There's a 3- to 5-year window on these claims made. It all ties to the motion to dismiss, but they continue to be argued. I think what we saw was a lot of them were argued, and then when they're decided on -- in the client's behalf, then you start negotiating settlements, okay? If the company wins, they normally go away, therapeutics or defense costs, but that's still an unknown in that '16 to '18 cohort year as the verticality of loss for those cases, okay? A number of them got settled in '20. There's a number that are still getting settled in '21, and there'll still be a number that will be settled in '22. 
