Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Sure, James. And I think it’s clear the unfolding situation in Europe has definitely accelerated the pace of discussions on the next wave of LNG projects aiming to take FID. We’ve already started to see market momentum pick up in 2021, as country set net-zero targets and also started to realize the role of natural gas and what it would play in the energy transition. Now I’d say we are arguably in the early stages in what could be a multi-year reorganizing of the global energy system. And with that, it will take time for the LNG landscape to evolve. And based on the discussions with customers, we see a significant step-up in a number of customers looking to take earlier FIDs with also increased long-term supply agreements. We now expect 100 to 150 MTPA to take FID over the next 2 years, with the potential of more FIDs in ‘24 and ‘25. As you know, a lot of these projects are in the U.S. So this – U.S. should be a big better and fishery as these redrawing of the global energy map. But also as we look at other places such as East, Middle East, Mexico and also Asia, we’re seeing increasing interest from customers. I think we’re very well positioned with some interesting concepts around flexibility and also speed to market. And with our highly efficient modularized reflection train system, which again was emphasized in VG, we are helping to lower construction and operational costs with the plug-and-play approach that enables faster installation, so feeling good about the LNG outlook for the number of years.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, sure, James. HIF is a great opportunity, and we’re pleased to be involved with this customer, and it’s another example of how collaboration can really help to drive the energy transition. HIF Global develops projects to produce e-fuels by blending green hydrogen and CO2. And we’ve invested alongside AME, EIG, Porsche and Gemstone, great partners to really help HIF continue to develop carbon neutral e-fuel projects in the United States, Chile and Australia. With a small minority investment in this equity round we will be providing compressors, turbines, pumps, valves and other technology on future projects. And I think what’s interesting here is, again, as you look at electricity-based fuels or e-fuels, their clean carbon-neutral fuels produced from renewable green hydrogen and carbon dioxide taken from the atmosphere. And they can be used by existing cars and trucks without any modification to the engines, and e-fuels require no new infrastructure transportation or filling station. So a good opportunity and an expanding market for us.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Chase. On TPS, again, we’re seeing a continued order momentum that we saw start at the end of ‘21, and it’s really accelerated in ‘22, primarily driven by LNG, also the new energy opportunities, even though they are smaller in nature. But when you look at the LNG projects that are moving forward as I mentioned before, and you think about the likely timing, it could translate in an order number for TPS of $8 billion to $9 billion in 2022. And importantly, based on customer discussions, we’d expect our order levels to remain elevated in 2023 as well. As you can see, a lot of this on the LNG projects is a pull forward and also strong long-term LNG fundamentals. And we also see a continued traction in the new energy space. And as you saw again in the first quarter, we booked some awards on the new energy space, and we’re still at the upper end of our 100 to 200 range as we continue to see new energy orders in 2022.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Chase, it’s a question that many are posing then. I think the focus right now in the near-term has switched to energy security, reliability and diversity. But we don’t believe that sustainability goes away. And in fact, if you look at some of the policies even introduced in Germany, the 2035 Energy Plan still continues focus on sustainability. We think the current environment will actually accelerate clean energy initiatives, particularly for fuels like hydrogen, which EU is making a large part of its long-term energy plan. What we’re seeing from the current situation is that you cannot become too reliant on one country or one source of energy. So diversity of supply is critical. And we think that pragmatism has come back into this discussion and the role of energy. Not just renewables but also, as we’ve mentioned before, gas playing a key critical role. Given the elevated commodity prices, a number of major oil companies and NOCs are going to report good profits and free cash flow. We think they will use this to continue actually developing and accelerating their carbon or decarbonization plans as well as healthy shareholder returns. And you can see that also with an example like Aramco with its CapEx plan that includes significant hydrogen. So we think Baker Hughes is very well positioned then with gas, LNG, hydrogen, CCUS, oil and pipelines. And we’ve got the technologies that are going to continue to drive this transition.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Scott, just on OFS international outlook. Based on the conversations with our customers, we expect a broad-based recovery internationally with all major geographies and overall international growth in the low to mid-teens. We believe Middle East could be one of the strongest markets in 2022 and is likely in the early stages of a growth cycle as the NOCs in the region look to add production capacity on a gradual long-term basis, so good outlook going into 2023 as well. And we also expect to see another strong year of growth in Latin America, led by Brazil and Mexico. And then as we go forward, we would expect North Sea and Asia Pacific to see solid growth in 2022. Not as strong as Middle East or Latin America, but solid growth. And lastly, West Africa is also seeing some incremental activity and strong growth as we go forward. I think on the offshore side, we would say at a macro level, the trends in the subsea and offshore markets continue to improve. And as you look at our first quarter as well from an orders perspective, you can see that. In the subsea tree and flexible pipe market, we expect to see a solid increase in industry awards this year, and see it coming back for the foreseeable future.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Scott, generally speaking, we are starting to get good pricing leverage and getting net pricing, particularly in North America, but also in some of the international markets. Right now, it varies by market, but we are having more success and better discussions around higher pricing levels.
Lorenzo Simonelli: So Arun, I think you know well, we have capability and capacity to handle many different types of LNG equipment orders at the same time. We have got great capability in our facilities. And as you look at the 30 years we have been in LNG, we have always been looking at new technologies to reduce the cycle time and also to plug-and-play. So, this new modularized approach of fast LNG can be applied both to onshore and offshore. And the number of customer discussions are intensifying around the speed to market. So, I think again, with the technology enhancements we have made, we are well positioned to capture the market here.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And Stephen, just to add, the new organization that we announced is going to improve the speed of decision-making and also be able to capitalize on the growth opportunities in the market. So, it’s very much customer focused and allows us to be more responsive and more comprehensive in our integrated solutions and capture more of the market share of operating costs related to spend. So, it’s what our customers have been asking for, and we are delivering.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Dave. And I think you have to go back to the tenure we have had in the LNG cycle. And we have always said that there is going to be small-scale, mid-scale, large-scale, and we are going to be participating in all of those and also looking at modular as well as stick build. And depending on the customers’ needs, we are going to be providing them. Clearly, the modular is faster to market. It is a plug-and-play model. So, we are seeing increased interest from some of the independent players, and I would say also within North America. Globally with some of the larger projects, they still continue on the stick build. We don’t have a challenge on capacity. Again, we have had big flows of LNG projects in the past, and we feel good about being able to manage it. And our facilities that are set up in Florence and Massa and Avenza in Italy, are well prepared for the LNG project wave.
Lorenzo Simonelli: I think the area that people are looking at and also reacting to is on the EPC side. And that’s one of the areas that I think is a focus right now. I would say also the modular approach reduces some of the dependence on the full aspect of EPCs. And so it’s a faster approach from that perspective. But labor continues to be constrained. And so that’s something that’s being looked at.
Lorenzo Simonelli: That’s alright. On supply chain, it tends to be challenging. And obviously, with everything going on in the global geopolitical space, it’s been a little more challenging. But look, I would say from how it impacts us and how we are dealing with it, we are managing the price increases in various metals like copper and steel and nickel. There is no supply issue, it’s just managing through those pricing. And you can imagine that, that’s going into our quotes. And to deal with all of this, we have taken down the timing and validity of our quotes to be able to deal with this. So, customers know what’s going on, and they can have good visibility into what the cost of these projects are going to be. Look, from a castings and forgings standpoint, we are still able to get supply. We are dealing with scarcity in Europe and higher pricing there. So, we are seeing – what we are doing with our customers, our suppliers are doing as well, with quotes are only valid for a shorter period of time given the raw material pricing and the unique energy challenges in Europe. But look, that’s the beauty of being part of a global company like Baker Hughes. I mean we have been able to shift supply into China. We focused on Northwest China to be able to deal with some of the port issues and things we are seeing in COVID. We had really good experience there. We have also moved some supply to Mexico and India. So, we are able to pivot because we have got a large supply base and can direct that demand to different places. So, we feel good about what we are doing there on supply chain. We expect to see some stabilization come through, but have a great sourcing team, working with the projects team to make sure we can fulfill on the demand that we see coming through. From a logistics standpoint, I would say the team has done an outstanding job of managing that. Our inflation we have seen in logistics is well below the headline prices that you have seen. We have changed ports that we are using in North America and China. So, we have been incredibly reactive here. I don’t see it being a big constraint today for the LNG cycle that we are seeing, but that’s something that we will have to watch as it evolves.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Thank you very much, and thank you to everyone for joining our earnings call today. Just before we end the call, I wanted to leave you with some closing thoughts. Despite some of the challenges this quarter, we are optimistic on the outlook across both of our core business areas and excited about the new energy investments we are making for Baker Hughes. We believe that our upstream oil and gas businesses are poised to capitalize on a strong multiyear recovery, while our industrial businesses are poised to benefit from a strong LNG cycle, growth in new energy orders and the development of our industrial asset management capabilities. While we benefit from these macro tailwinds, we expect to generate strong free cash flow and return 60% to 80% of it back to shareholders. So, thanks for taking the time. We look forward to speaking to you all again soon. And operator, you may close out the call.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Connor, to hit the first part, this does include the impact of what was going on with the ruble. And as you know, it’s been down and up again and is relatively stable at this point in time. And you hit it, it represented roughly about 4% of revenues in the first quarter. And look, I’d say in terms of how we’re thinking about it for the full year, you got to take a step back and realize that sanctions from the U.S., UK. and EU continue to evolve and are evolving and are making ongoing operations increasingly complex and a bit more difficult. And kind of to give you some perspective on the quarter, we did see some decremental impact on EBITDA, about the same level on EBITDA that as Russia represented in terms of revenue of the total company. And it was really driven from lower volumes from not being able to move people and assets into the country. I’d say there were also some logistical delays and delivery challenges, which largely impacted OFE in both equipment and services. And then we also saw some logistical delays and delivery challenges in TPS, primarily in services as well. So those were the two areas that we saw the most significant impact in the quarter from Russia. And if you a step back and look at what we talked about going forward and kind of the framework that we tried to provide you for the year, we did contemplate everything that we know today and the anticipation that things are going to continue to evolve there. So based on what we talked about in terms of the revenue outlook for OFS, up low to mid-double digits, the low end really assumes that our OFS Russia operation declines over the course of the year to basically an immaterial level, so by the end of the year, really, really low there. We do have inventory in the country. But given the sanctions, are unable to import key technologies for some of the services. So there will be a drop off over the course of the year, barring something unforeseen. And there will be some impacts in TPS associated with that. But look, as we get more clarity on the situation, we will clearly react and take the appropriate cost actions to offsetting the declines in volume, which we also included in the framework that we provided you. And then, as you think about Russia and the impact on the global environment, we’re obviously working through supply chain challenges that come with things coming out of Russia and Ukraine, or not as the case may be. And then, Connor, you got to take a look to – there is going to be some offsetting activity increase to soak up the supply to meet the demand that goes away from potential declines in Russian output. And as you know, that’s not going to be one-for-one in terms of timing. So we are seeing increased activity in North America. You’ve seen increased plans, particularly in the Middle East to invest more to bring more supply to market. So we will see some impacts from that, but there is likely to be a delay versus the impact you see in Russia.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Yes, we are seeing customers talk about increasing their spend plan. I would say particularly, we have seen that in the Middle East and have started to see awards increase. And I think you will start to see some of that flow through here in the second half of the year and into ‘23. Obviously, we talked about the outlook in North America. That’s clearly a reaction to what’s going on in the market and what’s happening in Russia. And look, Lorenzo talked about what we are seeing in TPS orders for the year, and the situation has current – has certainly had an impact on that. And ironically, a little bit Connor, as I look at everything we are seeing right now, ‘23 is shaping up with some pretty good visibility, maybe even a little better than ‘22, because of the volatility right now. But with the backlog that we are building on the back of potentially $8 billion to $9 billion of orders in TPS with some service tailwinds, you saw service orders up in TPS 8% this quarter with strong returns and cash flow, with a lot of operators, I think you are likely to see that continue. And then we talked about what you are seeing in the upstream space. And I talked about that timing disconnect and things coming in later, I think ‘23 is shaping up with pretty good visibility and is looking to be pretty strong based on what we are seeing today. So look, we will manage through the volatility in ‘22, but I think we are positioning things to be able to take advantage of the broader context of things going on in the marketplace across the portfolio.
Brian Worrell: Yes. And look, I would say particularly from an OFS perspective, as the chemicals business recovers, I would expect to see some improvement in incrementals there. And then the only thing I would say, Scott, is we are all dealing with inflation in the market and we are working hard to get surcharges in and price increases in. But that’s something you got to take into consideration as you think about the next 12 months or so.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Arun, look, we are very pleased that we have gotten the second phase of our work with VG here with Plaquemines. And look, I think it’s fair to assume that margins will be similar to what we saw on Calcasieu. I mean there is a couple of things going on here. Obviously, we have got experience with this type of project with this customer before. So, there are some natural synergies that come through in this project that we didn’t have in the first one. You did mention inflation there. Obviously, we have priced that in and have worked on productivity to help offset that as well. And look, you can imagine as we have said before, when we quote and when we win orders, we go out and we place orders for long lead items. Certainly have a view of what we believe is happening in the market today and what will happen and take the appropriate actions to protect ourselves and the customer from that inflation as much as possible. But look, this is a great order for us. It’s similar to what we did with Calcasieu. And you heard Lorenzo talk about we delivered all these modules ahead of schedule, which was very helpful for VG getting to first cargo in record time. So, our track record here is pretty good, and we are really excited about this space and this order and our partnership with VG.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Look, so I would say overall, we still feel confident, Stephen, in hitting our margin target rates and getting OFS to a 20% EBITDA margin rate on a consistent basis. And I would say from here, there is a couple of things that should drive margin improvement. The biggest driver will be better profitability in our chemicals business which, as you know, has been squeezed by higher input costs, higher logistics and shipping costs and some raw material shortages. As Lorenzo mentioned, we put in pricing increases and surcharges to help offset that. But chemicals had about 170 basis point drag on OFS margins in the first quarter. So look, normalization of broader logistics and supply chain issues that have disrupted shipment schedules here in the quarter should also help with that. These two issues, if you combine with the volume improvement that we are expecting, should be enough to get us to the 20% level. In addition, we are set to bring on new chemical plants in Singapore and Saudi in ‘22 and ‘23, which will lower the cost for chemicals, get us closer to some of our customers and give us some advantages for our Eastern Hemisphere delivery. We are also continuing to work other productivity initiatives with Maria Claudia and the team, primarily around service delivery, with our remote operations continuing to drive margin improvements there. And we have been executing on supply chain rationalization as well as sourcing from some lower-cost countries, and that’s been part of a multiyear plan. So, we have got a lot of things that we have been working and are continuing to work to get the margin rates to that 20% level. But as I said, sort of broader supply chain and logistics and normalization of the chemicals margins, which we think have troughed here in the first quarter will get us there, and then there should be some icing on top.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Look, I would say we started to see some encouraging signs in the latter part of the fourth quarter as chemical prices started to stabilize and logistics started to look a bit better. But obviously, with everything going on in Russia and the increase in commodity prices that’s created some more headwinds. We have seen stabilization in the broader base chemical space. But I would say where inflation is still tough is in the specialty chemical market. And as I mentioned, we had some unique issues with the supplier who had a facility that was basically shutdown and getting that facility back up and running has taken them a bit longer. So, we have been having to get some alternative supply. That’s starting to normalize as well. So, we should see some recoveries come through. And then look, we have made some changes. We recently changed out leadership in chemicals. We are doing some specific things in supply chain to deal with the current environment. We broadened our sourcing relationships just given what we experienced with this large supplier that we had. We have actually taken a look and have eliminated some products where volumes were low and margins were relatively low to free up the capability to focus on some areas where we make more money and deal with some of the supply chain challenges and focus the team there. And then with the new factories coming on, it’s allowed us an opportunity to take a step back and look at the overall supply base, how we are contracting, and we have made some changes there that we should start to see come through here in the second half. But good visibility to what’s going on there. The team understands it, just working through a little bit of a perfect storm here that seems to be abating.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Look, I would say broadly, tightness you are seeing outside of the U.S., it’s similar to what you are seeing inside of North America, some labor tightness around the globe in some markets, not as much as you are seeing in North America. And look, just given the overall increase in activity, you are seeing tightness in supply of equipment. I think we have all got capability or I know we have got capability to ramp up and have been planning on that. But – but look, when you have got demand up as much as you are seeing in North America and globally, general economic tendencies come back into play and you start to see the ability to have more constructive pricing discussions, deal with some of those supply/demand issues. And I would say the international market, as you know, is more longer term contract base versus spot market like you see in North America. Where you see some real opportunity here is on some of that spot business, and I would say we are being very constructive with our customers, taking into account what we are seeing on the supply chain, what we are seeing in overall demand, and it’s a constructive backdrop for OFS at the moment.
