Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, James. Thanks a lot. And as we've mentioned in the past, we've been doing a lot of work on evaluating the optimal corporate structure for Baker Hughes as we continue to see the energy markets evolve and also the energy transition accelerate. The process is going to take some time, as we evaluate all the parts of the company, which includes everything from the best organizational structure, all the way down to details like legal entities and tax structure, so the end goal is to develop the business or corporate structure that allows us to operate efficiently and accelerate growth in our key strategic areas, and doing so in a way that enhances our profitability and returns and increase the shareholder value. As you've seen from our prepared remarks, the formation of CTS Climate Technology Solutions and Industrial Asset Management Groups are one of the first steps towards strengthening our focus around two strategic business areas of OFSE and IAT that we mentioned last third quarter. As we said last year, as the energy markets evolve, we think operating around these two broad focus areas makes sense in terms of investment strategy, et cetera. And we also said that aligning across the two broad business areas will actually help us give the most optionality longer time. So the work we've done only just reinforces our view. Again, the company is strong together at this stage and we'll continue to align across the two business areas, continue to work and continue to update us on our progress and decisions. But it goes without saying, we continue to operate the company for the best returns to shareholders.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Sure, James. And I think importantly, I believe the order momentum we saw at the end of 2021 is likely to continue into 2022. We've indicated over the past quarters that we are seeing an LNG cycle beginning to accelerate. And generally speaking, LNG projects are beginning to be pulled forward versus previous expectations due to the strong long-term LNG fundamentals and also the improving environment to secure long-term offtake agreements. So we also believe the recent policy movement out of Europe, that's encouraging to see what would be FIDs in 2023 may be potentially be pulled forward into 2022 as well. So there are a couple of large awards this year in 2022 and also some small and mid-size awards that should be coming through. And I think although we're calling the TPS orders in 2022 really flat to 2021, we believe that orders could potentially increase as we go through the year, so the specific areas, U.S., Middle East and Russia, and for 2023, it's a little early, but I think again the outlook is positive and we still see a lot of projects that we're discussing with our customers, as you know, we're very close on the LNG side. I also think it's important to remember that LNG is a headline for TPS orders. We also see a solid pipeline in our onshore-offshore production segment, along with opportunities in pumps, valves and we continue to see positive traction in the new energy front on the back of a strong order intake in 2021.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Great, Chase, and look, we're excited to take this step to formally create CTS Climate Technology Solutions and also IAM, Industrial Asset Management that are both going to report into Rod. And as we've mentioned before, as the energy landscape continues to change, we'll adapt our organizational structure accordingly. And as we look at what we announced last - third quarter last year, within the two business areas of oilfield services equipment and IT, we really see this as being one of the first steps in enhancing our capabilities to solve for customer request. And as the market evolves, we think we're going to continue formalizing these groups. This provides leadership accountability in two important growth areas. If you look at Climate Technology Solutions, it's going to bring together four of our growth areas, the hydrogen, CCUS, emissions management and clean integrated power solutions. It's going to continue to build on the product roadmap and commercial offerings as well as support the sale of products and solutions we have in these areas today across Baker Hughes. And as you look at Industrial Asset Management, this is really going to bring together our digital software and hardware capabilities across Baker Hughes to develop an integrated IAM ecosystem that enables us to respond to what customers are looking for. So it's going to be an interaction across the various product lines both for CTS and IAM. And at this stage, we're not looking to change the reporting segments as we continue to develop in these two growth areas.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes Chase, we were very pleased with the performance in 2021 for the new energy orders. You cited the two in the fourth quarter, one for hydrogen and also CO2 with the Santos Cooper Basin and we see those opportunities continuing. We've given 2022 outlook of between $100 million, $200 million. We think that we're on the higher end of that and it's continued momentum with our customers on really helping them to achieve their net zero targets. And I think the Ekona investment that you mentioned, again, it's another way in which we are expanding our portfolio of capabilities. It's growth stage company, which develops turquoise hydrogen production technology and it's another solution that can really help our customers. As we look at 2022 and beyond, again, we still see the opportunity to create a new business through the energy transition that by 2030 is $6 billion to $7 billion and we are actively building our portfolio to represent that through the small tuck-in technologies and I see us continuing to do that.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Scott. I'd say that you got to look at it in a couple of fronts. I'd say a lot of the supply chain disruptions that we were seeing in the third quarter primarily from logistics, some shortages more broadly and disruptions in shipments because of COVID have pretty much stabilized and we've - we figured out ways to work with that through planning and different shipping routes and increasing some of our lead times and those sorts of things. I'd say that that's pretty much stabilized. Where you're still continuing to see some disruptions are around chips that primarily impacts Digital Solutions a little bit and oilfield services. And just to give your perspective, right now, pretty much all of about 90% of our suppliers are giving us 1 year lead times and we have all of our 2022 on order there and to give your perspective, if I go back 7 months, that 90% was about 20% to 30%. So that's really what's going on in the industry. So we are planning for it. We're working through it. Suppliers give allotments 60 to - roughly 60 days out. So I'd say the teams are working incredibly well to make sure that has limited impact on our customers. So we are operating in this new normal. The other area around supply chain is really particular to our chemicals business where you've seen some inflation come through. We had a supplier who got a fire that disrupted our supply and we've been working with them to get supply from other places. That appears to be stabilizing as well. I'd say we'd anticipate the inflation in that space to be relatively stable here in the first quarter. And so the chemicals business had about 150 basis point drag on OFS overall in the quarter to give you a little bit of a magnitude of what we were seeing there. But again, I'd say we're operating well in this new normal. And I would expect things to continue to improve as the year progresses. But we've got plans in place to offset disruptions and as much of the inflation as we can.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, sure, Scott. And I think you know, the last four years have been an interesting rollercoaster and I'm really pleased about the way in which we as a team and Baker Hughes has been focused on approaching it and also creating a good setting for 2022 and beyond. We started out, we have a lot of integrations restructuring, the separation from GE, then another major restructuring due to the COVID downturn. At the same time, we continued laying the groundwork for the energy transition pivoting to be an energy technology company, making the investment in C3.ai disposing of unprofitable or non-strategic operations and really continuing our strategy to transform the company, across what we said were the three pillars, transform the core, invest for growth, and also the new energy frontiers. And over the course of time, we continue to actively cut costs. We've invested in growth areas with over six transactions, we've a small-scale acquisitions, also new energy or industrial investments, we've created a good partnership network across multiple capabilities that are required for the future. And we've always been optimistic on natural gas and the continued role that it plays in the energy transition and LNG. So I'm very excited about the macro environment for Baker Hughes and more importantly, how we are positioned as a company to capitalize on the LNG cycle, the upstream spending cycle and longer-term growth for the new energy opportunities. I think in my tenure at least it's nice to see macro tailwinds across both of our two large business areas.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Arun, look again, very pleased with the strength we're seeing in TPS, and look, as I said, overall for 2022 expect margin rates to be roughly flattish in TPS depending on the mix of equipment and services. And that does include some of the increased expenditures in R&D really associated with the new energy and industrial area, so kind of stepping back from that, you can surmise that very pleased with the order book and the margins that are in the order book. I think this year, we've demonstrated that we've been able to deliver strong productivity in an inflationary environment as we're executing on these projects. So I'd say in general, like where the order book is sitting.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes David. On the international outlook for [indiscernible] based on conversations with our customers, we expect the broad-based recovery through our whole major geographies and overall international growth in the low to mid-teens and unlike 2021 where the Middle East was lagged, we believe this could be one of the strongest markets in 2022 and it's likely in the early stages of a growth cycle as you have seen in the region with at production capacity on a gradual long-term basis. So we also expect another strong year of growth in Latin America led by Brazil and Mexico, elsewhere North Sea, Russia, Asia Pacific solid growth and not as much as the Middle East in Latin America, but still solid growth and then also West Africa off a low base starting to see some productive time. We got to see some of the larger LSD case that take place. We're continuing to see that I think. We are very judicious in the way in which we enter. We've always said we're going to be disciplined and we like the outlook internationally as we go forward.
Lorenzo Simonelli: I think it's a little early, but I think as you look at our approach and it really resonates with what we're hearing from our customers is across oil and gas and also at our industrial segments we serve, customers are asking help me achieve a net zero roadmap, whether it be the 20-30 target or the 20-50 target that they have. And that requires a compilation of different technologies. And what we're doing within our Climate Technology Solutions Group and why we stood it up, is really to be able to respond to that customer request and walk them through the various technologies and capabilities. When you look at the investments we've made Electrochaea, you look at also C3, you look at the already in-house chilled ammonia process, you mentioned also what we've done with Ekona. What we're providing is actually a capability to offer a roadmap towards those solutions and we'll continue to evaluate which solutions we think are best for our customers, but we do want to be like we are in other areas that we serve a provider of technology and capability to achieve the customer request. Likewise on Industrial Asset Management, if you think about the investments we've made, both C3 or ARMS, we're really developing an ecosystem of capability to respond to customers' request around how do we drive less downtime. How do we increase efficiency and productivity and that requires the ability to sense, have historical data on equipment, and be able to offer the foundation of a platform towards customers. So both of these areas actually help us in our growth initiatives, and are led by customer requests.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Neil, look, we like what we've done so far from a buyback perspective. Since we started in September, we purchased 17.2 million Class A shares. It's been about $434 million. So the price per share is just over 2,450. We are planning right now to have a consistent buyback program with the ability to accelerate it if the conditions weren't an acceleration. So I'd say if you - you think about sitting here today, our plan right now is roughly through the first half of this year to keep up the pace. You've seen us since we started the program and that as you point out if GE continues to sell at the pace they're selling that roughly coincides within selling down the remainder of their stake. And so I'd say, look at that point in time we reevaluate what the right levels are, but I think from an overall stepping back and looking at capital allocation once GE is out, I think buybacks in the range of roughly $200 million to $300 million annually is a good place to be. And look, I think we are uniquely positioned here to continue paying a strong dividend, have a pretty consistent buyback program and be able to do M&A, the tuck-in technologies or capabilities that we, that we think we're going to enhance our growth capability. So very pleased with the free cash flow generation, what we've been doing from a capital allocation point so far in terms of recycling some of the proceeds from dispositions or the investment sales back into growth areas in the business.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes Neil, just to clarify there, in the $200 million to $300 million I was speaking more to once we've gone through this pace here in the first half, we'll take a step back in and look at buybacks. But I'd say the $200 million to $300 million was more annually after we get through here, the first half of the year is how I would, how I would think about it. In terms of evaluating the dividend, look it's something we're always taking a look at and discussing with our Board in terms of the best way to return value to shareholders. I think we demonstrated during the downturn that even with all of that volatility maintaining the dividend was an important priority for us. So we're at a level where we don't want to get out over our skies, because as you know this industry can be quite volatile and we want to make sure, you know, we can be relied upon from an investor base on a consistent basis here. Saying that though, as we continue to generate strong free cash flow, look at investment opportunities and the best way to continue to meet our return objectives. It's not out of the cards, but at this moment in time, I'd say we're happy with where it sits today and we'll continue to update you if our thinking changes.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, and thank you to everyone for joining our earnings call today. Before we end the call, I want to leave you with some closing thoughts. We're very pleased with the way the team executed during the fourth quarter and navigated the many challenges over the course of 2021. For the full year, we delivered growth in orders and operating margins, and delivered record free cash flow generation helping us return almost $1.2 billion to shareholders. Looking ahead, we're excited about the multi-year growth opportunities developing across our portfolio and believe that Baker Hughes is well positioned to capitalize on the cyclical growth in upstream and longer-term structural growth in LNG and new energy. Thank you for taking the time and I look forward to speaking with you all again soon. Operator, you may now close out the call.
