Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, James. Thanks. And as you know as the energy transition -- the beam of energy transition has gained a lot of attention over the course of the last 12 months. A year ago, you'll recall that we actually made our commitment relative to reducing our own carbon footprint 50% by 2030, and achieve net-zero by 2050. And as you look at Baker Hughes, we're really playing a critical role in the energy transition across a number of areas given our broad portfolio, and I highlighted some of those in the script that was prepared. But if you look at some of the key areas, the first I would say is, as you look at natural gas and you look at LNG, clearly energy transition in reducing the amount of CO2, there is going to be an increasing use of natural gas as a transition but also destination target. And we see that LNG is going to continue to grow over the next few decades even as renewables grows as well. And that’s a key focus for us with the introduction that we’ve made with the LM9000, also our first application, the NovaLT, which is hydrogen-based. So clearly a shift towards -- on the -- with the tech and equipment side helping in the energy transition.  Beyond that as you look kind of also the Digital Solutions platform, clearly what we have is LUMEN and also Avitas, these are solutions that enable our customers to monitor and also understand how they can reduce their carbon footprint. So if you look at our broad portfolio, we are uniquely positioned and that’s what we say from a standpoint of moving energy forwards and also being an energy technology company, we're going to be helping our customers and partners through this energy transition.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, James, looking at it the right way. If you look at recent LNG spot price weakness, it doesn’t change the overall long-term LNG demand and supply dynamics. And in fact the conversations we're having with our customers are really towards the continued demand for LNG over the long-term. And if you take a step back, you look at where we're going to be by 2030, it’s going to be between 550 million to 600 million tons of demand and to produce that you're going to need 700 million tons of installed capacity. So even with where we are today with the construction of 60 MTPA and also the 90 that was FID last year, you still got another 130 million to 150 million that’s going to go in the next coming year. And so we feel good about the LNG space and feel good about the long-term aspect of it. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hey, Chase, just maybe to add. If you look at on the digital side and the C3 partnership, we have actually launched already two solutions into the marketplace, one around reliability, which really targets the uptime for the equipment and that can be applied to the service agreements and drive efficiency and productivity, and then also optimization. And so, really if we look at the next few years, digital is a key area of focus and it's going to drive a lot of efficiencies.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Dave, if you look at our chemical franchise, and again, we've mentioned it before that we think it's a great area that we've been in on the upstream side and actually got a good footprint in North America. And we've actually allocated capital to increase our presence internationally. If you look at our expansion in Singapore facility, as well as in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, and I think actually the M&A activity you just mentioned validates a lot of the approach that we've had. We’ve got an increasing usage of chemicals, when you look at enhanced oil recovery. You've also got an opportunity on the downstream side, as you mentioned, which we’ve got an opportunity that’s growing. And when you look at the specialty chemicals that we provide and its application, it's increasing across both the upstream and downstream. So we feel good about the strategy we got in place and also the growth in Baker Hughes chemicals business over time. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, and look from a timing perspective, again it’s -- these plants are in construction. So you won't see anything in 2020. They'll start going into a commissioning phase in 2021. As we mentioned, we see international growth opportunities. Stay tuned, we'll give more updates as we start completing the plants.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Just thanks again for joining us. We closed out a strong 2019. You saw the full quarter results and we feel the macro environment is improving as we look at 2020 and feel good about our outlook. Thanks.
Brian Worrell: Yes, I mean James if you look at how we're allocating capital, clearly we are continuing to invest in TPS which is having an impact today. We’ve got lots of opportunities in adjacencies in TPS. We are going to put a little bit of capital to work either do technology development or some partnerships and can grow our footprint there. And then Digital Solutions, it’s a high-margin business to get good returns we will continue to invest capital there. So I think you will see us balance the capital allocation with short-term and then long-term as we continue to pivot the portfolio as part of energy transition. So we will update you if there are any changes to that. But I think we’ve got a pretty good approach right now to drive short-term growth in margins as well as position the portfolio for the long-term. 
Brian Worrell: Hey, Angie. Look, we did see margins below where we wanted them to be in the fourth quarter and there wasn't really one thing that I can point to let’s say was the main driver. There were a couple things going on that impacted the margin. I'd say first is we saw slightly lower-than-anticipated activity in the U.S. land market for us which we think was really largely customer and basin specific. We also saw as we went into the end of the year some weakness in Gulf of Mexico operations, which obviously carries higher margin rates for obvious reasons there. And then lastly I'd say our products sales were lower than we anticipated. We knew they were going to be lower because if you remember we had a very strong third quarter as we accelerated some of those product deliveries to meet customer demand, and we did have some of those flip out of the quarters. So, those three things combined put pressure on the margin rate versus what we expected. But based on what I'm seeing today, they are largely transitory in nature and I don't see them impacting us we roll into 2020. And if I look at 2020, we expect a large portion of that margin improvement to as you say be self-help with cost out and productivity initiatives that we’re driving. So, we posted some restructuring reserves in the quarter as we had very specific programs in supply chain and service delivery across Maria Claudia’s portfolio to help drive the margin rate improvement. And I'd say that the other thing that supports margin rate improvement in 2020 is, we are really getting to the maturation phase of some of the larger integrated contracts internationally, where we saw some ramp up costs this year and we’ve come up the learning curve. So, I can see strong margin improvement in those contracts. So, that should certainly help the overall margin rate. And if I look at the overall cost out and productivity initiatives, there are really two buckets Angie. One is around efficiency in operations optimization and other is around product costs. So, for instance around product costs we've been working for quite some time with the engineering and product teams to identify specific areas where we can go in and drive cost out, some of that is target costing, some of it’s looking at a broader supply base and some of it’s looking at overheads to see how we can leverage overheads globally more efficiently. On the efficiency and productivity side, we're looking at a lot of opportunities to cross-train individuals to make sure you won’t have send multiple people who are going to have idle time when they are out on a rig and it’s taken us some time to really get to those details and understand how to attack that, both with what we put up in restructuring in the quarter and the plans we have in place, we feel good about our ability to continue to grow margins in 2020 in OFS. So, our framework is really unchanged and Maria Claudia and the team as well as all enterprise are focused on getting those margin rates up.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Angie. I am very pleased with how Rod and the team to have closed out the year and are managing customer expectations with this incredibly large backlog and balancing cost and returns as they go through this. So, pleased with where they are today. Look, our outlook for 2020 for margin is again largely unchanged with what we talked about in the last call. And just to remind you, there are a few dynamics that come into play that really impact how much margin accretion we will have in the year. First, we expect contractual services and transactional services to grow in 2020, which is accretive to margins. You mentioned the large backlog, the largest in our history. We will see more LNG equipment revenue come through in 2020. While that is accretive to overall equipment margin, it does have a negative mix effect as we’ve talked about for the total business. And then we are in the early stages of executing on the two very large LNG projects, Arctic 2, and BG which tend to have lowest margin point at the beginning of execution and you start to see that accrete over time. So that will have an impact there. And then we've talked a bit about the technology spend in TPS and we said we were evaluating that. And back to actually James’ earlier question, we see a lot of opportunity in energy transition to continue to grow this franchise and strengthen this position in the marketplace. So I'd expect technology spend to be roughly where it is this year.  So if you add all that up, I’d say that the more revenue we have, the faster it grows, impacts the magnitude of the upside in margins. And you saw that come through in the dynamics of third and fourth quarter, and how strong the services was versus the equipment. But overall goal is to continue to drive margin enhancement in the business. And over time we do see mid to high teens as revenue normalizes in the portfolio and services continue to grow. And with the large equipment backlog we have now such in LNG, you'll start to see that services backlog grow over time as we sign customers up for long-term service agreements. So largely unchanged tailwinds in the business. And I think Rod and the team have done a great job managing through that. 
Brian Worrell: Yes, Chase. Look, very happy with how the services business is performing in TPS. And on a reported basis, for the year, the service revenue was flattish, slightly down. When you take into account some of the dispositions that we had, as well as the impact of FX for the total year, revenue actually was up mid-single-digits operationally. So pretty much in line with how we would expect this portfolio to perform. And this year it represents about 60% of TPS' revenue. And that will obviously change over time as the equipment starts to convert. And as you pointed out, contractual services is a big piece of that as our transactional services and that contractual services backlog is about $13 billion today. And we expect that to continue to grow. And just round out services, we do have installations and upgrades, including theirs as well as some services on pumps and valves but the large majority are contractual services. If I take a look at the transactional piece, we had growth in 2019 in mid single-digits. I would expect that to continue into 2020. And from a digital standpoint, lots of opportunities in the services portfolio. One internally to help us operate better and use our partnership with C3. We’ve got tons of data on this equipment and how we operate in the field. We think that C3 can help us unlock even more internal productivity as we execute on the service contracts and provide transactional services and upgrades and then additional opportunities to introduce some of this into these contractual services to help the customers’ equipment perform better. And then there's lots of things we can do with the data that, that we have from things that aren't on contractual services and put together offerings for customers to help drive better productivity, and better uptime for the equipment.  So, I think it's an untapped opportunity right now. We're not counting on a lot of that as we roll into 2020. We'll be working a lot with C3 and our teams. And I would expect to see some of this digital things kick in the outer years to have a meaningful impact on revenue.
Brian Worrell: Chase, I'd say that look our overall capital allocation and corporate finance policy really hasn't changed from what we’ve talked about in terms of commitments to return 40% to 50% of net to shareholders through dividends and buybacks. And I think as you and I have talked before, we will certainly evaluate any potential offerings by GE and put that into our thinking as we allocate capital over the course of the year. So no real change there in terms of how we are thinking about it. And you should assume that we are certainly taking that into account as we look at our free cash flow, and all of our message for the year.
Brian Worrell: Yes. And David, if I look at where we are today, we're predominantly North America. We do have an international presence. But with the investments we're making in Singapore and Saudi to shift capacity, we see more growth coming for us internationally. And today, we're mostly upstream. We do have some downstream and I think there's a lot of growth opportunities for us in downstream as well. And the other thing I’d point out about the investments that we're making, the Singapore investment is really going to reduce our cost base, better manufacturing, better supply chain costs, better logistics costs. And then what we're doing in Saudi is really size for the region to allow us to be very responsive to a lot of very large customers in that region. So again, we like this space. We're putting capital to work there, and we would expect to see growth and margin accretion in chemicals. 
Brian Worrell: Yes, Dave, I’d say we’ve talked about the portfolio before. And I basically said we want to focus the company in areas that are highly differentiated with less fragmentation that allow us to generate higher returns. And look as we look at the energy transition and how we expect that to unfold, if there are areas that don't meet that criteria, we would potentially look to generate cash by not having those in the portfolio and redeploying that cash into areas where we can get higher returns over the short-term and are a benefit long-term within the portfolio.  So I'd say look the North American market has changed quite a bit over the last few years. And there are some areas where we think the technology or the fragmentation are going to make it harder to get returns that justify them being inside the portfolio, we will continue to look at that. But nothing right now that I need to update you on in terms of things that are changing and as we have news we will certainly let you know. But I want you to understand, we are focused on returns here and where we deploy this incremental capital dollars. And I think the market has changed quite a bit, and we'll be looking some things.
Brian Worrell: Sean, I would say, we did have typical seasonality and I think the majority of what we saw in the quarter was related to that typical seasonality. As we talked about on the third quarter call, OFS came in below expectations. And they really turned the corner here in the fourth quarter by making up on some of that miss. It was really driven by strong collection process overall and that's all the way from billing on time, following up, getting the collections in. And then the team did a really good job of managing inventory inputs as we had been making a lot of process changes over the course of the year and that came through.  We did have some benefits from progress collections in TPS and OFE, but I think you have to look at it in totality, it's a small piece. But progress is only one piece of the equation, because at the same time you're getting down-payments where you're getting progress collections as you're executing on a project, you're also bringing in inventories as well. So, it's not a one-to-one follow through in terms of free cash flow, you have to look at more accounts on the balance sheet.  And in the TPS typically, you start out with a down-payment. We have long lead items that you bring into the project. And then based on certain milestones you bill the customer and you collect. So, one of the first things I look at in any TPS project is cash curve to see what our cash position looks like in that. And our goal is to have them be favourable from a cash flow standpoint. So, you will see ebbs and flows in progress collections over the lifecycle of a project and receivables and inventory. But I would say, it was a small impact here in the fourth quarter.  As I go into 2020 and look at how I think it will play out, we should see a smaller impact from progress payments than we saw in 2019, but do believe that the improvements we've been driving in working capital processes across the franchise, not just in OFS, should help offset that. The other thing I would say is the CapEx, net CapEx to be roughly flat from dollar standpoint, but down as a percentage of sales as obviously we see more growth in TPS and OFE. And in the round out free cash flow in total Sean, we do expect restructuring cash outlay to be down significantly, but the separation cash outlay will offset that. So, net-net the good dynamics as we roll into 2020 for free cash flow strength. 
Brian Worrell: Yes, look, Sean, as I said, it really depends on how quickly revenue grows on the equipment side and so what the absolute margin percentage increase will be. But under all the scenarios that I see today, we do see some margin accretion in TPS. I will note that based on the customer requested delivery schedules and way the projects are executed, we do see the second half being much heavier from an equipment standpoint and an overall revenue standpoint. So we would expect the second half to be much larger from a revenue standpoint. And then obviously has an impact on the fixed cost absorption as you look at more revenue in the first half. So, look, we will continue to update you throughout the year of changes. But right now, that's how I see things playing out.
Brian Worrell: Okay, Bill. Yes. So, if I look at the free cash flow conversion target, it is 90% of net income over time. And again, you are going to have some years based on the projects business and how we're driving working capital where you could exceed that, in some years where it could be below that based on mix of business. So, 90% is through the cycle goal. And if I look at overall working capital with the dynamics we talked about earlier, the strong progress we’ve seen from 2019, again not quite as strong in 2020 but we will have some offsets with the other working capital processes that we are driving. I mean you could see a year where working capital is slight usage based on those dynamics and the growth that we have in the portfolio, but you should expect our working capital metrics to continue to improve.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Scott. Look, we do see some improvement in 1Q in the Gulf. I don't know exactly I’ll call it a snap back, but we do see improvement there. And obviously that has a positive impact on margin rate, as I said for obvious reasons. So, look, frac loads were down in 4Q, which was a big driver of that and we do expect that to come back. As far as the profitability, now look, we don't disclose profitability by region there. But I would say from a dynamics standpoint, we continue to expect to see the softness in North America, and feel pretty good about the growth opportunities that we're seeing in international. And the thing that I would remind you but I think I mentioned in when I was talking to Angie is that, a lot of these large integrated projects were up the learning curve there and we should see margin accretion in 2020, as we execute on those projects and those start-up costs as well as just getting another field costs have abated. So, feel pretty good about the margin progress internationally, and the growth backdrop there.
Brian Worrell: Yes, and again, I’d just reiterate here. It's not all going to be incremental capacity. We are shifting capacity here. And again, the Singapore facility is going to be very cost advantage. So in addition to growing internationally, we'll have the benefits of higher margin rates for product that's coming out of Singapore. And look as we get closer to commissioning and things form up, we will give you guys some insight into how we're thinking about that. But spending a lot of time there and again, like I said, we liked this business. And like the capital we're putting to work there.
