Martin Craighead:: I don't think we really want to go into that amount of detail as compared to the international specific in Q1. But, Bill, if you go back over our history, the effects of, not only the product sales but the seasonal effects in and parts of the U.K. particularly and Russia, put pressure on international. But that all said, as you know we have some other underlying initiatives underway to try to alleviate those kind of market effects, whether it's further cost refinement, whether it's the supply chain kicking in, as well as trying to extract some more synergy out of the BJ organization in the eastern hemisphere particularly. Whatever effects we get from the market, I think we still have some tools in our toolbox to mitigate it.
Martin Craighead:: And then in the middle of that, there's an activity mix, share attack, if you will, that plays in as well. So the front end was loaded with internal costs for sure.
Martin Craighead:: The supply chain is still stretched. I mean that hasn't changed. So that's, I think, when Chad mentioned earlier in the comments, we've been unable to keep up. Part of that is not just our own efforts, but it's our supply chain efforts on getting the capacity through the system.
Martin Craighead:: We're the one drilling these coils tubing -- the majority, I think, going forward given the bottom-hole assembly that you're aware of. But you know the Equalizer made its name in the Middle East several years ago. It's just the natural evolution that now that we're drilling these type of let's call them drain holes, they're going to want the same technology, and we're the ones to run it. Joe, I want to follow up though on a comment that Chad made there. This is a tremendous business to be in right now when you think about unconventional well bore construction. The INTEQ guys, as well as their industry competitors, get up every morning trying to drill longer laterals, right? And then the BLT guys and the completions guys, again, as well as the major competitors, get up every morning trying to run longer and longer completions with tighter and tighter frac stage spacing. So back to Chad's comment about what's been done in the Middle East and some of these other places, we just don't see an end. There's probably some diminishing returns eventually in terms of length and number of stages but depending on the reservoir, we don't know where the end of this is, but we do know that we're a big participant in driving it all the way to wherever that end is. And we just don't see any stoppage at this point.
Martin Craighead:: It's a bit of a -- there's definitely a de-watering element in this side, but there's a -- what do they call it, kind of a rediscovery of the Permian because of where oil prices are, and that's a big, big, big market for our ESPs. And then don't forget the Gulf either. Aside what's happening on the permitting/drilling side as our customer want to get the production back up, we're seeing quite a bit of artificial lift there. So it's really a liquids driven, and there is an element of traditional oil as well as, let's just say, water management on some of the gas side of the business.
Chadwick Deaton:: Yes. Ole, I think our gap's fairly tight. And if you look at North America with one of our major competitors, I think we're about the same or a little bit ahead of them and slightly 100 basis points behind the other one. We've really only been able to start to integrate the North America pressure pumping with directional drilling completions, et cetera, starting in September when we actually took over. So Q1 was our first real quarter of seeing some benefit in that, and I think our margins went up in Q4, margins went up 400, 500 basis points. So I think we definitely started to see the improvement there. Q4 of North America, actually we saw a lot of the improvement coming from BHI legacy as we saw price improvement coming from directional drilling, fluids, bits, et cetera. Internationally I think is where our next big potential way will come on revenue synergies between traditional Baker Hughes and BJ. So I think we'll start seeing that in Q2, Q3 as we start seeing those revenue synergies come through.
Chadwick Deaton:: Well, don't let them irk the Europe, Africa Russian overall margins mask or hide the success we've had in Europe. I think we don't break those out but clearly, Europe is very strong for us. Continues to be strong and we see it strong through 2011. Now BJ, historically, is not all that strong in the U.K. or in Norway. We think this is one of our big opportunities as we are able to bring them in, in other areas but they're not big in the U.K. or Norway. This is one of the things that we were excited about when we bought them. Because if you look at their offshore sea mining capabilities in the rest of the world, it doesn't repeat in those two markets. And that of course, that obviously, takes time as these sea mining units are buried in rigs and so on. But we think that's a big opportunity for us, probably not before the second half of the year but we are seeing pull through already on coil tubing and pipeline, machine and other things in Europe. Now Continental Europe, BJ is much stronger in terms of some of the frac-ing and other things that we see on continental land Europe and eastern Europe.
Chadwick Deaton:: Well, I think it's a combination. There's a little bit of additional cost cutting that takes place. We did quite a bit in Q4, but we haven't finished it yet which will happen in Q1. We also see an improvement coming back in North Africa. That's been pretty depressed for everybody this last year. So we see that getting a little bit stronger. We've got work to do in Angola which is an area where we've invested heavily, and has been a challenge for us. Nigeria is kind of a moderate quarter, I think, for everybody, a weaker quarter but we see Nigeria, we're well positioned in Nigeria. We think Nigeria will be a contributor for us in 2011. And in sub-Sahara Africa, we've had some good wins and good successes there in Ghana, Gabon, Uganda, picked up some several different contracts there. So I think it's just a matter of getting Africa sized to what we need and at the same time, continue to win some contracts in 2011. And getting that from a point where it's hurting us or deluding us versus contributing. So I guess that's the best way to summarize it.
Chadwick Deaton:: No. There's not a lot of seasonality for West Africa or North Africa. It's not a big area where we sell huge amounts of products or sales. I think Q1 will be better for Africa than what it was in Q4.
Chadwick Deaton:: Well, I think first off, keep in mind whereas last year, we didn't own a pressure pumping company. This year we do, and it is much more capital intensive. If you look at $2.3 billion to $2.7 billion that we're saying our range compared to our revenue, it's not that far off from one of our major competitors, what their revenue is, just a major pressure pumper, who just announced $3 billion. So I think a significant portion of that $2.3 billion to $2.7 billion does sit with pressure pumping and horsepower. We are playing a little bit a catch up in that area because BJ really cut back in 2008 and early 2009, on CapEx. I think they are $200 million or less in the entire year of '08. We did kick that up to some degree in 2010, and we see just an ongoing need for additional horsepower. We're no different than, I think, couple of our major competitors, we're pretty tight on horsepower sold out in North America.
Chadwick Deaton:: No. It's probably about what -- we're staying in that pace, one frac, 30,000, to 40,000 horsepower every six weeks.
Chadwick Deaton:: Well, Kurt, I'm pretty bullish on the second half of the year. I think the second half of the year, with what we're seeing right now, the optimism of the client, the price of oil holding in, as well as it is held, a lot of projects have already been delayed. Quite a few customers talking about improving on their exploration programs, they're starting up, which they can fairly quickly. We've had some nice contract wins which will start up towards the second half of the year. So I would risk it to say I think the second half, especially Q4 could surprise us and start showing some strong growth and momentum. We talked about the price improvement, we don't really see it happening and if it happens until end of the year and that really price moves when activity really starts to move. And that's when things tighten up.
Chadwick Deaton:: Well, I read the transcripts and one of you guys asked one of our major competitors that question, and they refused to answer it because it would tell the competition. So since he didn't answer it, I don't think I'll answer it either.
Chadwick Deaton:: Well, it varies depending on the basin, but we're seeing -- Mark referred a couple of big contracts with 30. 35 is not uncommon. Some basins, there is 10 to 11. So I think we're probably at 20 to 25 stage-type fracs today. And again, this comes down to the horizontal link, the drilling. I think the average -- you could probably say horizontal drilling today extended reach is 6,000 feet on average. Clients are kicking that up to 10,000 feet. That's why they increase in stages.
Chadwick Deaton:: I see where you're coming from. I don't know the answer to that. I'd have to get back to you on that. That's a good question. It's definitely increasing. I think my comment was more back to the fact -- I think if you add everybody up, and depending on who you look at, we're talking anywhere from 4 million to 6 million additional horsepower people talking about by 2011. And the supply chain, external supply chain to us and to many others, I just don't see a way in the world that, that could possibly be delivered because we're waiting on some things now. So I don't think that's going to happen.
Chadwick Deaton:: I think just what Martin said, the longer, more complicated horizontals and laterals are requiring better control, better geo steering and much better completions. And of course, if you're drilling through the sweet spots and being able to run the proper completion and getting in the perf fact or whatever system that you want as a completion in the whole, then that, in the sense, the clients come in to us, they're saying, "Well, this is what we want, " then, "We can turn around, it's okay. We would like the pressure pumping well." So it's just that we've just seen -- in the fourth quarter, we saw a strong demand for our directional drilling and completion services. And as a result of that, we were able to pull through BJ on some jobs.
Chadwick Deaton:: I think as time goes on, with the complicated completions and drilling and everything else, you're going to be looking at a package-type program which will be much more technical in nature, much longer in reach, much more reservoir in the area of reservoir understanding and prior to drilling these wells. And I think that's the direction the clients are going to be looking to go.
Chadwick Deaton:: I don't think that's pricing on ESPs has never have really been hit that hard through the downturn. And if you look at our -- this is one thing in our production side of the business, chemicals and ESPs, we saw some softening but not anything like what we saw in bits and directional drilling and pressure pumping and everything else during that downturn. So I would have to say it's fairly close to where we were in 2008.
Chadwick Deaton:: We're on our schedule. We're happy with where we are, but I'm not so sure if you ever really end in it. Though I expect that it's a pretty sizable portion of new, let's say, capacity will be built internationally relative to where we closed this year, and the answer is yes.
Chadwick Deaton:: Well, sand is always, in these times, sand and propanes always become a challenge. Water is a challenge right now. We're able in this market, if we do get that price increase from our suppliers, we're able to pass that on. And if the market should soften and we go down and we go back to our suppliers, they cut back on their pricing to us. So I think right now there is a little bit of inflation taking place, but we're able to handle it.
Chadwick Deaton:: Absolutely. I think it's not only just propanes and guars but it's the engines, the fluid ends, the power ends, transmissions, chassis, you start adding 4 million horsepower, that supply-chain becomes tight. And a lot of those suppliers will look to who's been in business a long time, who's going to be in business a long time and they prefer to make sure they're providing those components to those people. So we like the position we're in from that standpoint. Due to volume, we get better pricing from our suppliers, and we also commit to some things. There's enough room out there that if we see a downturn, we're able to go ahead and adjust. And we've got about a six-month window there that we're committed to, and we watch it quarter-by-quarter. So at the end of the first quarter, if we see something changing, we can adjust which will affect Q4.
Chadwick Deaton:: Yes, that's the swing factors. As I just was mentioning, Robin, $2.3 billion to $2.7 billion, and we will watch that as the quarters unfold. So that would be the swing level. And part of it too is how much can we actually deliver on that, because we're just like I said, everybody else. We've got a significant growth in CapEx and can we deliver all of it to the field.
Chadwick Deaton:: Well, as I said you're looking at about a six-month window in there. So some components maybe it's four months, some components, it's six months. And that's not just for pressure pumping. We see that in the directional drilling, wire line tools, et cetera. So I think your four- to six-month commitment timeframe.
Chadwick Deaton:: Well, we like the flexibility. We like some long term, and we've got a big one in the Bakken that's five years. It ties up 85% of their DD, LWD bits, et cetera. And I think about 35%, 40% of pressure pumping. That's a five-year type contract. We've got quite a few two-, three-, four-, five-month type commitments to clients. We've recently had some discussions with some major or some fairly large independent clients regarding a much longer-term relationship to work on the total package, whether are we going back to in terms of the reservoir, the drilling, the completion, the frac-ing, the overall picture and looking into longer-term relationships. So we like this mix package to be a little flexible.
Chadwick Deaton:: Yes. In the U.S., you can push them through fairly quickly compared to others with international, which is much longer-term contracts.
