Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. Definitely, Chase. And then as you mentioned, for TPS, we see several avenues of growth developing as we go forward. And really it's for a prolonged growth cycle of orders and EBITDA. As you look at the near term to medium term, it's really going to be LNG and the orders that we've seen, you can also see the small awards we book this year. We still see some other, maybe one or two small projects being awarded this year. But as we go forward, the next two to three years, we see a step-up in LNG order opportunity has been highlighted by the increasing demand and also what we announced previously for the long-term outlook of LNG out to 2030. Then, as you go longer term, also the next five to 10 years, we expect to see significant growth around our energy transition initiatives, most notably hydrogen CCUS, but also in areas like valves, integrated power as the clean energy ecosystem continues to evolve. And I think if you look at recent announcements with our product that was given, we see some near term opportunities for hydrogen, and those will actually be additional awards over the course of the next two to four years as a fast way, but continuing through the rest of the decade. And CCUS, you looked at our announcement with Borg and Horisont Energi, and we're in a number of active collaborations with our customers across several geographies of increasing opportunities around CCUS. And lastly, our Service business, it's got solid growth potential for the next 10 years. When you look at the installed base, as well as the upgrade opportunities, I think, with LNG growing about -- our installed base drove by about 30% by 2025 with the increasing tonnage of LNG. And then you look also going forward with what we announced our TPS Services RPO now standing at $14.1 billion, which is up from $13 billion a year ago, so good signs of continued growth on the services side.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. James, so, I'll start off with the outlook on the activity side, and then I'll let Brian jump in on the margin side, because we're definitely seeing improvements across the whole TPS service business. And it's really driven by some of the positive macro backdrop. Some of the improving outlook we're seeing with customers reengaging with us on service equipment across our installed base, following 2020, there was disrupted, of course. And now we're seeing strong growth in upgrades, with recovery across regions and various applications, pipeline, offshore, solutions also to support our customers on the operational decarbonization efforts with the upgrades that we can provide them. And you saw that double-digit growth in transactional services in the quarter as customers are returning to normalize spending levels. And also, we've got a solid CSA revenue stream that's been resilient. So, overall, we think we could be reasonably back closer to a 2019 type level in 2022, with the continued upgrade and transactional activity continuing strongly as we go forward.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. James, I think it's part of our strategy, as we said, to develop our portfolio for energy transition. And we're very pleased with the Electrochaea investment, a 15% investment, which really allows us to expand our whole portfolio around power-to-gas and energy storage solutions. We'll have a seat on the board of Electrochaea. And we're really going to combine our post-combustion carbon capture technology with Electrochaea bio-methanation technology to transform CO2 emissions into synthetic natural gas. And this is maybe an area that we haven't discussed much before, but we really see synthetic natural gas as being applicable to multiple industries. And Electrochaea's technology allows CO2 recycling into grid quality, low-carbon synthetic natural gas, which helps to drive decarbonization and hub for base sectors such as transportation and heating. So, it's going to be a great task, suite of our capability that we're providing. And again, we see this being applicable to power and industrial plants and again, it's increasing our portfolio of applications.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. David, if you look at it from a macro picture, and again, you look to the response given on the TPS cycle, that's really taking place here with the opportunity of LNG in the next few years, also the energy transition opportunities. And in our last call, we mentioned the addressable market of hydrogen by 2040 being $25 billion to $30 billion and CCUS being $35 billion to $40 billion for Baker Hughes. So, clearly as you look at the macro picture, the long-term growth prospects of our TPS business look very solid. Also in the short-term, with the continued rebound in some of the upstream and also the production side, Oilfield Services continuing to perform well. So, short-term, you'll see that pickup and longer term the TPS business continues to have a good future.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. Ian, I think, our focus is on creating shareholder value and what's best for our shareholders longer term. So, we're running the company today, really to execute on the three pillars of our strategy, transform the core, invest for growth and also new frontiers. And we're going to be looking at margin accretion and continuing to allocate capital accordingly. I think as we look forward, it's going to require from an energy transition perspective, scale, brought an extensive customer reach and sizable R&D. So, technology spending going into that. We think our current footprint provides for that. I think when you look at overall, it's becoming apparent that the new growth -- energy growth opportunities in TPS are significant where -- when you look at the OFC business, it's a more of a mature business.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. Just -- maybe let's start off with the international outlook. And again, we do see a solid step-up in growth internationally over the second half of the year. So far this year, we've seen strong recovery in Latin America and North Sea, Southeast Asia. The Middle East has somewhat lagged, but we expect incremental, stronger activity over the course of the second half and into 2022, as well as in Russia being bigger contributors to the second half as well. So, we've been somewhat more conservative in forecasting international activity. I think, you know, that it really depends on how some of the regions come back. Right now, we think growth in the second half of the year could be in the high single digits or low double-digits on a year-over-year basis. And we expect that momentum to continue into 2022, with solid growth opportunities. North America, we generally expect the rig count to continue to trend the level higher over the second half, maybe adding an additional 50 rigs also by the end of the year. So that would imply a modest improvement in the first quarter and fourth quarter. When you look at 2022, again, we anticipate solid growth with the prices holding at the range they are now. But similar to this year, we expect some of the privates to be active and at these prices, but some of the public E&Ps also will continue to be only increasing their spending mostly, if they continue to adjust some of their operating cash flow to some of the other areas of capital spending.
Lorenzo Simonelli: I think it's fair to say that we're seeing a number of discussions with customers and partners continuing to gain momentum. It's great to have achieved the announcement with Air Products. And again, when you look at those orders combating, we expect it to be in the near-term. And I think that, again, as these projects start to get on the go, you'll see others also follow as well. So, we're focused on enabling the technology. And with Air Products, we're going to be on the largest blue and green hydrogen projects that are out there at the moment, providing our best technology.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. Personally, I think -- I feel very good about the positioning that we're developing around CCUS. And if you look at it from a value chain perspective, we really go across the board of CCUS from the initial identification of where CO2 can be sequestered all the way to the transportation and also the compression capability. We've also developed multiple solutions for CCUS, you've seen in the past. We've got the Chilled Ammonia Process. We've got the mixed salt. We've also got compact carbon capture. So, we're providing the different solutions, because there's no one solution that's going to be for everybody. And like in LNG, we want to be able to provide capabilities for small, medium and large scale as they get undertaken. Specifically on Borg, the Borg MOU announcement allows us again to really play at the forefront of capturing and storing up to 650,000 tons of CO2 emissions annually. And they're going to be utilizing our technology to do that. And we're also going to be able to see an industrial cluster approach. That's a great opportunity for us, because we think those industrial clusters are going to continue to imagine elsewhere in the world as well. So, Norway is at the forefront there and we're at the forefront with both CO2 and also Norwegian and likes.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Sure, Stephen. We're very pleased to be collaborating with Bloom on a number of customer engagements, which really are going to come to the forefront of the course of the next two to three years on really looking at the way in which we can provide integrated power solutions and also the way in which we can provide integrated hydrogen solutions. So, I think you may know that Bloom Energy is a leading player in solid oxide fuel cells, and really it enables us to provide our technology of lightweight gas turbine technology within their proficient solid oxide fuel cells to really enable integrated power solutions for customers that are looking to be independent of the grid. We've got the NovaLT gas turbine. So, we're looking at opportunities of combining there. And then on the integrated hydrogen solutions, they've got increasing portfolio on electrolyzer cells that can produce a 100% clean hydrogen. And with our compression technology, we think we can provide a really efficient production and also transport of hydrogen and usage. Again, with our a 100% NovaLT gas turbines that can run on hydrogen and our compression capability. So, it's an evolving space there, and we think a lot of good opportunities as the energy transition continues.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. If you look at -- again, OFE and we've mentioned this before, we continue to see the outlook for the offshore segments challenged. We do expect modest improvement in the industry of awards during 2021 and some additional growth in 2022, but we still think it's going to be difficult from a tree perspective to get back to the 2019 order levels. We are seeing some strength on the composite Flexibles as you saw from the Petrobras frame agreement. Also some international [indiscernible] business, which is good and Subsea Services is coming back. But again, if you look at -- overall, I think it's a subdued growth trajectory for OFE.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. Thank you very much, and thanks to all of you for joining our earnings call today. I just wanted to leave you with some closing thoughts. Very pleased with the second quarter results. We generated another quarter of strong free cash flow and so good levels of performance across a number of our product companies. We also see a multiyear growth opportunity developing in our TPS business, driven by the LNG and new energy initiative. As we continue to execute on our strategy of becoming an energy technology company, we'll maintain our discipline and prioritize free cash flow and return. We'll also continue to evaluate our portfolio in order to drive the best financial results and create the most value for our shareholders as the energy markets evolve. So, thanks for taking the time. Look forward to speaking to you again soon. And operator, you may close the call.
Brian Worrell: Yeah. Hi, Chase. Yeah. Look, we are pleased with our free cash flow generation this year and the outlook going forward. As I mentioned, the teams have done a great job in changing a lot of processes. And so, look, our view really on capital allocation hasn't really changed. But as you pointed out, the pace of our free cash flow is improving, particularly as restructuring is winding down over the rest of this year. So that's a big capital allocation action that won't be repeating there. So, it leaves us, I think, in a position to have quite a bit more optionality. We're primarily focused on investing in areas where we see the ability to grow offerings and new frontiers like energy transition and digital, as well as some interesting places in industrial technologies. And you've seen some of those examples, like C3.AI, compact carbon capture, and more recently, ARMS Reliability. And look, I'd say, beyond some small scale acquisitions and investments in some of the new energy frontiers, share repurchases can certainly be an attractive piece of the capital allocation portfolio view and the pace that we're generating free cash flow certainly gives us more optionality to evaluate that and continue to look at ways to return -- value to shareholders. So, look, we will keep you guys updated as we're evaluating that. And it's good to have this flexibility.
Brian Worrell: Yeah. And James, on the margin front, I'd say, it's certainly a positive backdrop as service grows for TPS overall. And Rod and the team are doing a great job in driving productivity in the services portfolio. And as Lorenzo mentioned the installed base is growing particularly in LNG. So, I think that is all a pretty positive backdrop for what the business can deliver.
Brian Worrell: Yeah. Scott, look, I'd love to tell you that customers -- all customers say, yeah, sure, go ahead and pass on price increases. But look, they clearly understand what's going on in the commodity markets. We have some contractual arrangements that allow us to pass those along and we're having discussions in places where it's not so clear. And look, we have seen some traction there and started to see some pricing power come back across the portfolio, not everywhere, but we're certainly seeing that capability. We did get some price in the second quarter, but as I'd mentioned, it takes a little while longer for some of that to kick-in versus the inputs that are coming in. So, look, I'd say over the course of this year, we'll continue to push that and try to make sure that the price increases are offsetting as much of the inflation as possible. The one thing I would point out too, is that, look, we've got a global supply chain. We've got pretty good contractual arrangements in place. And it's been working with our suppliers as we started to see this coming through to mute some of the impact. This year, obviously, we have some hedges in place as well, and look, really focused on looking at 2022 and making sure we're securing things for next year as well. So, I'd say, it's great collaboration with the sourcing and the commercial teams in working through this, but feel good about the actions that we've taken.
Brian Worrell: Yeah. Look, I -- listen, Maria Claudia and the team are continuing to do a great job in executing on all the restructuring and cost out and transformation initiatives that the team has been driving there. And you've seen that come through in the results here in the first half with the margin rate improvements that the team has posted. They're working hard to offset some of this inflation, like we talked about here. I'd say, with the backdrop we see in volume for the second half of this year into 2022, I could certainly see us hitting that 20% rate sometime next year in any given quarter and be really well set up, as we execute in 2022 and exit the year. But I think that the team is doing a really good job of managing cost and driving productivity. And I think, we're still on a really good trajectory here.
Brian Worrell: Yeah. David, look, we're not counting on a significant mix shift to be able to deliver that level of margin, sure. If some of the product lines that have higher margin rates get more tailwinds that will certainly help, but we've taken the approach of driving improvement across the entire business. We've done a lot around remote operations. We've multi-skilled the workforce to be able to deploy them in different ways, and more effectively, we've made massive changes inside the supply chain and in our service shops. And you've seen us take a lot of costs out with the restructuring and so a lot of those process improvements and cost out are going to continue. And that's really what's going to drive the margin rate. The actions have already been launched. And the team is certainly executing on those. Now, the pricing that we were talking about here is really to offset some of the inflation that we're seeing. So, we're not counting on any pricing increases to drive that margin improvement. But if we can get those pricing increases to stick and hold inflation levels down, I think that could provide some upside. So, it's been a fundamental change in how that business is operating, how Maria Claudia and the team are leading it, and how we're allocating capital. And that's really what's driving the improvement here, and we're making it fundamental and long-lasting.
Brian Worrell: Yeah. Ian, as you know, it's really early to predict exactly what's going to happen next year. But what I would say is our goal, and what I think the capability of this portfolio is to generate free cash flow conversion at 50% level or higher. I think if you look at next year, probably the biggest variable that -- you probably know that you pointed out is really working capital, so as we're early in the cycle for OFS and the working capital intensity will really be driven by that pace of growth. And then, if I step back and look at some of the other factors for next year, look, we'd expect to see EBITDA continue to grow on higher revenues. And the continued focus around productivity, CapEx in absolute terms will be higher, but as a percent of revenue should be in the same range as it's been the last couple of years in that 3.5% to 4% range. Taxes will likely be higher, because of the refunds that we've gotten this year. And then, you pointed out restructuring and separation charges will go away. And so that's roughly $200 million, which should contribute to material improvement in free cash flow. So, that 50% level is certainly what this portfolio is capable of and we're going to keep driving it higher.
Brian Worrell: Yeah. Marc, and I would just add, actually in terms of bid activity and inquiries with customers over the last six months, they're up 2X what we were seeing in the fourth quarter of last year. So, activity levels have definitely increased. I expect to continue to see that to increase. And look, exactly when they'll turn into orders, it's a bit tough to say right now, but there's a lot going on.
Brian Worrell: Yeah. When we -- we do feel good about the volume recovery we're seeing in quite a few of the end markets, particularly on the industrial side of DS. And we were disappointed in the margin rate, which was really a function of project delays for this legacy software contract. And just to clarify, this legacy software contract goes back several years and isn't associated with our C3.AI partnership. And so, this resulted in some higher cost and not revenue here in the quarter. And that was the biggest driver. I will note there was a little bit of incremental costs we had in the R&D front in DS this quarter related to some strategic areas like the ARMS Reliability acquisition that we did earlier in the year. And some -- the acceleration of some work we were doing around emissions management. And I'd say, looking ahead into third and fourth quarters, I don't expect the overall level of costs in DS to be at the levels that you saw here and the second quarter. So, we do think the business is going to be back on track to generate higher margins, with the volume growth that we're seeing and cost levels back to lower levels to support those higher margin rates.
Brian Worrell: Yeah. Connor, OFE is done a great job in terms of taking cost out, restructuring their infrastructure to deal with the lower industry volume that we're seeing. I'd say just given the mix of the portfolio and where things are, we talked about the business at these volume levels being high single digits from an operating income rate standpoint. I think, if you roll forward, you see some incremental growth come in Flexibles, some other things beyond tree growth around manifolds and the onshore business doing better. You could get higher than that, but right now, based on the trajectory of the industry, right now, I'd say, in the near term -- near to medium term, expect high single digit operating income rate.
