Martin Craighead: Absolutely, the product sales play a prominent role, but maybe a little bit unlike, say, some of the previous Q3 to Q4 walk [ph] bills. As we've said in our commentary, we had some transitory cost issues we are challenged with across all the regions. We expect those to abate. And we had some product line mix issues as well on the revenue side that didn't. Weren't as accretive as maybe some of the higher ends. So those 2 are a little bit more unique to this quarter. But yes, absolutely, Q3 to Q4 is a big part of a manufacturing company like Baker Hughes' year-end numbers.
Martin Craighead: Yes. And your comment on the -- you're right in the conclusion of accelerated deliveries in the fourth quarter for horsepower. But there's no getting around the fact that the logistical issues around sand, particularly, is challenging the efficiency of these new fleets. And it's just something we have to work through and get a bit better at managing.
Martin Craighead: Well, as you say, James, I mean we're -- this is Martin. We're in the process of pulling all together and having this -- the conversations with our customers. And they themselves are still going through the process. But I got to tell you, there's not a customer on the international front, IOC, European independent or NOC that is anything but bullish on 2012 in terms of what their spending is going to be in response to trying to get their production up. And I think you've seen some of the challenges some of our customers have on the international front with regards to production and reserve replacement ratios and so forth. So we expect 2012 to be a better year in terms of activity, distinctly better than 2011.
Martin Craighead: Okay. Angie, I've got a chart in front of me here and it's obviously, if you will, a bit of intellectual property, I'm not -- I can't share all of the ins and outs of it. We spend a lot of time trying to understand what's going on by product line and by basin. But I wanted to tease out pressure pumping because it's obviously that's what's of most interest to you and your peers. To answer your question, by no means when I say is the pricing trending down, is it sharp, I think what you find is that there's a flattening and maybe a bit of a give-up on a little bit of price. And those 2 basins, as it's been reported, is the Northeast and the Southeast, which are your gas-driven basins. We still see and I think our competitors, at least one of our competitors have said the same thing, couple of the oil basins and the basins being a little bit newer to the unconventional, if you will, or at least the horizontal drilling and multistage fracturing being woefully under supply and the wait times there for pressure pumping dates are not shrinking. But in turn, again, in those 2 basins that I highlighted, wait times have probably dropped 50% according to our data. And like I said, I don't want to go into any of the other product lines by basin, Angie, but as I look at it, the -- if I give you one more data point I'd say in those 2 particular basins as well because it's activity driven, things like drilling services and wireline services are following a little bit like pressure pumping although there hasn't been as much capacity added in things like wireline or drilling services in those 2 basins.
Martin Craighead: Well, I think a lot of that depends on us as a service industry. But I don't think anything is going to necessarily go down from here. I think it's a little premature. We have to see how the plans roll up from our customers in terms of their spend, Angie. So I hold off answering that one may be until the next time we get together.
Martin Craighead: Well, Kurt, that's one of the clarities I want to provide, but that's exactly right. The opportunity our customers have to schedule a fleet now is 50% less from what the wait times were before in the Haynesville and in the Marcellus. But that all said, the frac fleets are far less fungible if you will than a drilling assembly. So I think what you're going to find is that equipment stays landlocked a little bit more and case in point is as we move west into Ohio now, you would think that the pricing in the Utica and the wait times would reflect the Marcellus, but it's not. It's tight, its wait times are long, pricing is good, granted there's some different well-treating properties. But it's not, by any means, spreading beyond those 2 basins at this time.
Martin Craighead: Yes. Well, that's -- I think what you're finding though is if we take a typical well now, things are a little bit different than in the past. The well -- the frac cost on a typical unconventional, let's take the Eagle Ford, is 50% of the AFP, Kurt. That's a significant amount of spend, in the last cycle wasn't there. The pressure pumping invoice was probably -- at best half of that in the total well completion -- total well AFP. So I think what you're finding now is that the economics on the wells is very much affects the pricing we're able to achieve on such a big portion of AFP. And I think it's also why you see a pretty big backlog of wells drilled but not completed, because maybe the economics don't work. So it's a very good question, but I think again in some of those basins where the wait times haven't dropped and they're woefully undersupplied, as I've said, pricing is still going up, but also the acceleration of that price while going up is not as high as it was in the past.
Martin Craighead: For us, Mexico is not our largest contributor, but certainly, I think that if you look at differential growth for the next 12 to 18 months from where it started, Mexico could very well be out in the lead of the pack on an incremental revenue growth, percentage-wise.
Martin Craighead: Sure, Chad. David, this is Martin. Let me say it this way, we are planning to increase the horsepower per period. I'm not prepared yet until we fully map this out going into the fourth quarter and load the line, if you will, to give you an exact as we have in the past in terms of a fleet every 6 weeks. But I think it's safe to say that based on what we're doing now, we'll be able to do better than that on average in '12. And in terms of this what everybody is excited about, this overcapacity hang, David, the fact of the matter is that our customers continue to absorb more and more horsepower. They're drilling longer laterals. They're putting more stages as you've seen in this OptiPort job that we did 49 stages in the Barnett. There's really no better way to extract these reservoirs than to continue to drill longer, put more fracs on and even perhaps tighten up the well spacing, which is only going to accelerate again this absorption of capacity. It's not to say that it's a never-ending trend. Obviously, in some basins, particularly, the Haynesville, the lengths haven't gone, haven't extended for over a year now. They're pretty much flattened out. But all the other basins are showing continuing lengths. So our internal model as well as some of the -- peer group, the published, the frac models, we remain convinced that the market's not going to be properly supplied on the pressure pumping front through '12. And that's -- of course, there's the macro issues out there that commodity prices and economic -- general activity and so forth. But the way things looked now, we don't see a capacity issue in '12.
Martin Craighead: David, this is Martin again. I don't want to provide too much detail on the -- on what we think our incrementals are going to be. But there is a fixed, heavy fixed cost base in the Gulf of Mexico. And I think one of the comments from our peers was that the incremental should be very good, and we've seen that. But the fact of the matter is, probably what's most important is 2 fronts to get those margins up. There's nothing more that can be done, I don't believe on the cost front nor should we based on what the outlook is. Our customers are very bullish. The permitting is getting better. Really, it's still is a highly a mix issue and the type of rigs that are running and the type of wells that are being drilled, if you look at the permits, there's still a preponderance of sidetracks and injector wells, and we're woefully underrepresented on the exploration type. And for companies like ourselves and our big peers, that's, of course, that's very different revenue mix than some of the wells that are being drilled. But as Chad highlighted, in terms of our sand control feet and the boats we're running, commissioning and getting the Tarpon ready this quarter, it was a very good quarter relative to where it's come from. And I expect that year-on-year, we're going to have a much better quarter this time next year, if nothing else changes in the Gulf.
Martin Craighead: The international front. So a certain percentage, I don't want to say what, of the fleet that's scheduled to come out in the first half is skid mountable and transferable for that reason that if we should start to see second half of next year, a balancing, approaching where we reassign it to Latin America, Middle East, particularly Saudi with the unconventional attention and, of course, parts of Europe.
Martin Craighead: As far as the mix side, Bill. On the geography side, I don't see any slowdown in the Andean region at all. Very bullish, great terms for our customers, optimism, execution performance by our customers and geological success. Brazil, no temperament, both in terms of Petrobras, as well as the local operators like OGX and the foreign interest. And as I said, on a revenue contribution side year-on-year, I think Mexico could be the star if everything lines up properly.
Martin Craighead: I think let's say by the middle of the year based on the revenue volume, it'll probably be about middle of the pack.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, Bill, this is Peter. Just to maybe put a bigger picture around it, we are expecting activity to increase in Q4 so that's beyond just the regular product shipments, right? And you've got what's typically, I guess, for Baker, unique to Baker is product shipments of completions equipment that we've talked about and also artificial lift that typically happened in Q4. Probably the reversal of some of the transitory costs, we had a little bit of severance, we had a little bit of ForEx like many of the others, we had some repair and maintenance costs a little bit higher in the quarter. And then we expect a favorable contract hopefully to pay out a little bit in the Q4 as well. So there's a list of 6 or 7 things, and I think I gave them to you in the order of magnitude that should bring us to the international margin number.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, most of those are one-off unique to the quarter. I mean we took most of our -- we did most of our cost-cutting, as you recall, in the last half of last year with hundreds of hits that came out of the underperforming geomarkets and if you recall, we've taken a lot of overhead costs out. I think that the issue in Q3 were unique costs on, like I said, FX, a little severance, a little bit of maintenance that were unexpected and they're not underlying structural issues.
Peter A. Ragauss: We still need those deliveries. I mean with the orders -- we got the orders in hand, now it's a question of just getting the products delivered to bring us up -- it is -- we still got to make up 280 basis points, and it's not all cost. It is activity and product shipments as well.
Peter A. Ragauss: It's early on in the quarter so it's hard to say where it stands. But I wouldn't be raising that estimate.
Peter A. Ragauss: Sure. Just -- taxes can move up and down depending on where your settlements are with various authorities around the world. We had about $23 million of discrete items benefit us in Q3, which is -- explains all that difference, which is higher than we had planned and we are expecting similar sorts of benefits in Q4 compared to the average for the year. With respect to 2012, it's too early to tell and I know you'd love to know the number, but we haven't done our plans yet. But if international margins continue to improve year-over-year, which I think they will, that's going to help some in lowering the overall rate from 2011, but probably not as low as what we've achieved in Q3 and what we projected to achieve in Q4.
Chadwick C. Deaton: James, this is Chad. I think Peter hit it right on the head, and it's a very important point. It's not that we're hoping to sell these products in Q4. These products have been sold. Now it's the delivery, getting them out in the next couple of months -- not that we're hoping for the sale.
Chadwick C. Deaton: Yes, let me throw something in because I just got back last night from SPE's only annual technical conference in Denver and I chaired a panel with actually a lot of our key senior customers were on there, Petrobras, Petronash, Shell, several others. And to a person not one of them talked about any type of slowdown in 2012. They're still very optimistic at very senior levels, so we're thinking 2012 still looks very strong.
Chadwick C. Deaton: Ole, this is Chad. I think you can look back over the last several years of what we have seen, and usually Q4 is a very, very strong quarter for us as you all know. Obviously, as you talked about the BJ, pressure pumping will help offset some of that product sales, but I think you'll see the same thing. Q4, we're expecting a very good Q4 quarter, and I think Q1 will be good, but I wouldn't be surprised if you don't see a little drop-off in Q1 from the international and everything else. But it should still be a good quarter in Q1.
Chadwick C. Deaton: Yes. Canada looks -- and as you said Q2 -- we know it's going to happen in Q2 regarding Canada, but Canada will be strong in Q1.
Chadwick C. Deaton: Well, I think there will be some start-up costs in Iraq. Obviously, with the LUKOIL win because we are -- we've been kind of gearing up for that for the last couple of quarters anyway because we've known we've had it for a while. You know that Khafji is not going to be a major start-up cost operation, this is something that nobody shared in for the last 38 years, so we're pretty excited about that 60% of that contract, but we have the equipment in the area that we're able to move in there. And, of course, when you're sitting in Kuwait, you're sitting in Saudi already as strong as we are, but not like you don't have the asset. So I don't think Q4 is going to be a very huge hit for us on start-up other than a little bit in Iraq.
Chadwick C. Deaton: Well, I think one thing to look at in Q3 and then understand why we're pretty optimistic about Q4 is here we have one particular area that took a pretty good hit in Q3, and that was Europe and Martin highlighted it in his conversation. But Europe was down from its normal operating margin by several hundred basis points for the various things that Martin talked about, the mix, a little bit of FX, a little bit of R&O, the different things in there. Europe traditionally is a strong area for us. It has been all this year, and we see it bouncing back in Q4. So that right there, we get a lot of comfort knowing Europe is coming back in Q4. So that will make up a lot of the difference you saw over Q3.
Chadwick C. Deaton: Yes. The other regions were okay. They had a little slip here and there, things that we talked about. But most of the hit in Q3 came out of the Europe region.
Chadwick C. Deaton: Yes. I think we've done better in a few areas. I think our cost-cutting area, I think that's been a good improvement. Our supply chain side is improving, but again, we've got some work still to do there. As I said in my comments, we have shifted a lot of future manufacturing capability to other parts of the world. So we've been running a little bit of duplication at a time and may be not fully up to speed in certain product centers yet. I don't think that some of the geopolitical stuff has hurt us all that much when you look at it. Yes, Yemen is down a little bit, Syria is down a little bit, we look at a few areas, but for the most part, activity has probably held in there. I think we felt from day one and we started to map out all of this 15% exit rate where it was going to come from, I think we're hitting in on most of the fronts that we targeted and we always knew that into Q3, Q4 was a strong time for us on shipments and ESPs in Russia and elsewhere. So I don't think there's any surprises out there for -- that we haven't anticipated. I think we feel pretty comfortable Q4 will be there if we can just deliver the product that's already been sold. So that's the key.
Kurt Hallead: I'll chime in too Chad, I do appreciate your accessibility and candor over the years. And good luck on your next phase.
Kurt Hallead: Okay, that's fair, Peter. I'll leave that one there. All right. And then I guess, Martin, you had referenced something back as part of I think Angie's questions. I just wanted to get some point of clarification. You've mentioned something about -- in 2 basins, there are still willfully undersupplied, and that's on the liquid front and wait times are not shrinking yet. And I guess you were mentioning in the 2 gas basins that wait times have dropped $50%. I was just looking for some clarity on that.
Kurt Hallead: Okay. I guess, I'm just kind of curious, during the comments that have come out from the growing peer group, so far to date, the reference about in aggregate the North American pressure pumping market still being tight and extremely tight, obviously, in the liquids basins and I guess some state of excess in the gas basins. Typically, in this business, if the market is tight and it's undersupplied, the service companies get very good pricing. So I'm just kind of wondering why with things still relatively in short supply how come pricing isn't better.
