Martin Craighead: Okay. I would say that the issues are not the sand mines, per se. For us, primarily, the issue is related to getting it from our storage centers to, let's say, the first drop-off point to the respective customer locations. This is a combination of railcars as well as trucking fleets. But the other issue around the supply chain is the infrastructure as well as processes and capabilities. And if I had to look at -- and if I could, let's say, put it this way, the margin compression, you could put it into 2 buckets. One is the supply chain. And whether it's processes, a little bit of infrastructure and capabilities, that's a longer-term issue to resolve. The other element of this, though, is as Peter highlighted, some inflationary cost pressures on the materials, profit not being the only one, fuel being one. And I expect that really from that, we'll see sooner, first half of the year.
Martin Craighead: Well, actually, Dave, we -- on the last call, we actually highlighted the fact that there's cost associated with moving, and I think we used the example out of the Haynesville at the time. So it's no surprise, but frankly speaking, the other elements of our story are a little bit bigger than the cost associated with demobilizing or repositioning some of these fleets. So, yes, we experienced that, it's an element in there. As I said, for us, particularly, we had what I would consider to be unusual challenges relative to the market associated with handling this ramping demand and some of the inefficiencies associated with that.
Martin Craighead: Well, actually, I think I said in my prepared remarks, Dave, that we expect a partial recovery in Q1 in North America. And that's -- we think some of the costs, some of the transitory costs in pressure pumping won't repeat in Q1. And we have also got Canada. And don't forget about Canada, gets very strong in Q1, and that's going to help overall North American margin picture.
Martin Craighead: James, I would -- I think it's reasonable to expect that we could return to Q3 levels based on the resolving the issues, which we're fully confident that we will. Obviously, market conditions have to remain constant. I think it's reasonable to assume that market is staying where it is, that we will get back to those -- most of those numbers, absolutely.
Martin Craighead: Yes, James, you have to remember for us, we had a slow start to '11 in adding pressure pumping capacity. And I would say that on a year-on-year basis, it will be up in terms of horsepower, but we will be consistent with the run rate in the final -- this final quarter of last year, Q4. And then the second part to your question, I'm sorry, was regarding...
Martin Craighead: Yes, ours has -- it's increased, well, probably up to a little over 60% of what I consider to be contract or pricing agreements. With that all said, I think as you've also heard, there are still pockets of improving spot pricing and you'll see that changing in some of the oil basins. So we're happy with our portfolio. Obviously, it's not something that you can't change. But our strategy right now is to have the mix that we have around -- like I say, around 60% to 65%. The other comment I want to make since you asked about the capacity that's coming on line, all of the fleets that we have dedicated for U.S. land are spoken for in terms of the basin and the customer at this point.
Martin Craighead: Yes, it's probably -- I'd have to go back and run that, but I think we've tightened it up to probably about every 4 weeks.
Martin Craighead: I think we should have done it all better, frankly. The reality is that, Jim, one way to look at this is as the business has ramped, I think it's safe to say that the efficiency grew along with it given the strain on the supply chain and the systems that we had in place. Now there's 3 areas around efficiency, I think; there's people, there's assets and there's products. The ability to get the people on board really improved in the second half. Our ability to manage the assets in terms of R&M and getting them at the right place has been a challenge. As I just mentioned to James and as you all know, we were a little bit later to the supply addition or horsepower addition than we would have liked. And then there's the key is getting those products, particularly to consumables, to the right place and the right time. And frankly, BJ just wasn't set up to scale up relative to what's happened in the market. It's that simple. And it's, like I say, though, the issues are identified, we have resources dedicated to them. We have absolutely no doubt we'll get these issues fixed. As you know, we've done it on other tasks that we've had, and most recently, the international project issues that we took on. So this is -- we've been here before and we'll get through it.
Martin Craighead: That's a good question, and it's been an element of, let's say, the investigative process in Q4 as these results unfolded. I tell you, I'm really encouraged with just the change in our relationships status from where we were, in a different world, single vendors to multiple vendors now on multiple of those consumable fronts. As well as engaging in the discussions that, frankly, weren't taking place like they needed to in terms of having our suppliers respond and facilitate some of the logistical challenges that we've had. Now those discussions just weren't -- because we were probably a little late to getting horsepower into the market for a variety of reasons, I don't think we were having the conversations that we needed to have relative to where the market is going. So those type of things, our supply chain, a challenge, but I'm very encouraged so far with the progress we've made. And so I don't think that's going to be a big disadvantage. The disadvantage, relatively speaking, will be in our own capabilities of moving the stuff around and getting it where it needed to be and making sure that we don't a lot of the emerged costs that we've incurred as a result of making some of the mistakes.
Martin Craighead: I would expect that our exit rate will be better than it is -- than what it was in Q4, Angie. I'm encouraged by a couple of fronts internationally. One is our execution mechanisms. I mean, we hit all cylinders. It wasn't only supply chain, it was the service side, it was across all the regions and virtually all the geomarkets. I would say that our international business is on very firm footing right now. So I'm very, very confident in our execution ability. Market is still a bit of a struggle. That all said, I would think that if you take an average of the environment in '12 relative to '11, I think it's going to be discernibly different. We're getting more pockets of tightness. I believe that the behaviors out there and the competitive environment will be better, I generally believe that. We had some big tenders that are still out there. And when those happen, there's heightened levels of aggressiveness. But I suspect our customers across beyond just the Middle East, which I think was one of the drivers in '11, are going to increase your spending and it will tighten up resources pretty quick. As well, if we don't see a softness in North America and at the Gulf of Mexico keeps moving in the direction it is, I think you're going to find that international pricing is going to be a little bit more buoyant than it was in '11.
Martin Craighead: I think there is risk associated, obviously. We've seen it on some of the projects we've been on so far. And this award that you're referring to is the biggest awarded to date in Iraq. So yes, there is some risk. But I'm not too worried about that. The way we've worked with both parties, the customer as well as the SOC in mapping out the rigs and getting the resources. I don't -- we're not planning on seeing anything real impactful borrowing if it goes according to , I think, a pretty conservative plan.
Martin Craighead: We're going to outperform the rig count. I made the reference in Canada in terms of the complexity, Bill, of these wells, but the services of the city hasn't changed. It's only getting better. And let me just take the opportunity on -- with your question to say, this margin compression is, I would venture to say, very much our issue, Bill. Okay? I think that needs to be understood. There's no market-driven issue that we can see at this stage.
Martin Craighead: I'll give you as much as I'm comfortable providing on this call. First of all, there is an element, an increased element from last year to this year of replacement, but also pressure pumping equipment that goes to the front line for efficiency enhancement. There's a record level in this budget for non-pressure pumping CapEx, both in terms of rental tools as well as infrastructure. Okay? So it's not all a horsepower story on our CapEx. And then, as I think I mentioned on one of the previous questions, Bill, we're only staying pace with what we delivered in Q4. Yes, it's a year-on-year increase, but the first quarter particularly was completely unrepresentative of what we needed to be delivering in the world of pressure pumping. So yes, the fleets that hit in Q4 strain our organization, absolutely. But it's part of what we have to work through as being able to scale the other side of the support, people, capabilities and the infrastructure to handle those fleets as they come on stream. So we're comfortable where we are relative to that horsepower add.
Martin Craighead: I would say that our most optimistic region is the Middle East, not only Iraq, but just given the announcements that have come out from a variety of the customers. As well as our increasing position there in terms of, I think, share and relationships, the geomarket model as most every region of Eastern Hemisphere. But I think our geomarket model there, our leadership that we have in place has done an excellent job of positioning Baker Hughes concurrent with the increase in the spending environment.
Martin Craighead: No, that's a good question, Brad. Labor is a big problem in the province of Alberta. I think unemployment is probably like it is in the Bakken. So it's affecting everybody. It's a challenge. I think we're working through it very well. Our organization up there has done a terrific job of making sure that we're able to take care of our customers. But it certainly is a limiter. And I think it's very safe to say that all of us are going to experience turn down work in Q1 in Canada given the inability to staff every opportunity. But that's the way it is in a high-peak environment like the winter months of Canada, particularly prior to a drop off of Q2.
Martin Craighead: No, no. In fact, I would say we're probably the least hurt. I think you're going to find the industry very challenged up there. But given our size and importance of the business to our customers up there in terms of our position, we're not disadvantaged at all.
Martin Craighead: I'd say right in line. A little bit more favorable in terms of the product mix, but in line with expectations.
Martin Craighead: Rigs are on -- the rigs that we'll be mobilizing in Q1 are there already. And then we, as I think mentioned to Angie, we're adding a rig about every other month once we get going. So it's gradual.
Martin Craighead: The answer, Waqar, is yes. We'll deliver more pressure pumping horsepower internationally this year than we did definitely last year.
Martin Craighead: On the revenue side, I would say that the rig count -- consistent with the rig count is a safe bet. And I can't forecast any reasons why there'd be any variances, up or down, from what that is right now. And if we see any shock in pricing on the upside, then, obviously, that would change quickly. But I think right down the middle of the fairway, with the rig counts, is where to be.
Martin Craighead: I think you could, Kurt, model in 20% incrementals on the revenue next year, I think, is the place to be.
Martin Craighead: Yes, I appreciate the question and trying to get some greater transparency. What I'd say at this stage is that the increases in the oil basins are offsetting the compression in the gas basins. Now, obviously, as you've heard, people are repositioning their fleets given the apparent or the oncoming softness in some of the gas basins. I -- the way we look at this is this market, I would say we're still in the very early stages of these unconventional plays. And I know that might be very hard for a lot of people to understand given how rapidly they've come on the scene. But in talking to our customers, tens of thousands of locations are coming up in these discussions to be drilled in these plays, like the Marcellus, the Eagle Ford and even the Utica. And Kurt, when you see that kind of outlook, it's that you can't but conclude that adding additional capacity, and not only in pressure pumping, but also in roofline and rental tools, is absolutely the right way to go forward. So there may be a little bit of weakness in some of these basins until things settle down and you get the right balance of supply and demand balance. But overall, collectively, there's no softness in the price. And I wouldn't expect it to be anything dramatic even if it does soften in a couple of places.
Martin Craighead: Now, that's our global capacity. And I don't want to share exactly what's dedicated. But as I did say, we will be delivering more. But I would tell you that a meaningful amount of it is skid mounted and beyond what's going international can be rerouted, if necessary.
Martin Craighead: Well, no. I mean, we've quantified it as part of our continuous improvement plans with regards to margins. But I wouldn't say -- I think what you're referring to, Bill, is that in the early stages of our improvement process, there was a lot of internal -- it was internally driven in terms of aligning cost structure with where the market was. That's -- that played off in the second half and it's getting smaller, but it's still something that we're working towards. But the majority of any margin expansion is likely to come from mix improvements, price or just volume as costs are absorbed.
Martin Craighead: Yes, look, there's absolutely no connection between our decision, which is a business decision, a long-term decision, with regards to the name. I mean, it's a powerful brand, obviously, as you can tell by the numbers that are out here, quite a bit of value associated with it. But it's in keeping with the movement from a product line driven company to a geographical base company. Some of our service names are no longer in the portfolio that you may have been familiar with before within Baker Hughes in the legacy side. Some of the strong product names like you Hughes Christensen and Centrilift, they still get the banner. But the service lines have -- the product line names have been deemphasized. And it's just in keeping with the Baker Hughes strategy that took off 2 years ago when we reorganized the company.
Martin Craighead: Yes. Scott, the sliding sleeves, the product development folks have been just incredible in terms of continually upgrading these. And we were the -- we introduced it. We have the lion's share of the positions, particularly in the Bakken. We've taken it to the next level with the DirectConnect, teleport type of technology. In this particular case, 32-stage capability. But within each stage, 10 sleeves open, more than twice the nearest competitor. So I wouldn't want to say that you got 300-some fracs on their capability, but a lot of initiation frontage in that reservoir phase. It's just really incredible technology. And I hand it to our North American guys and our product guys. And on the OptiPort technology, which is to an infinite number of stages capability, it's really, really, really strong in Canada. And we've done a handful of jobs with very good success. And I expect it will take off. But like a lot of things in this business, they have longer takeoff runs than we'd like. But it's going to give the customers another option in our portfolio of -- in completions.
Martin Craighead: Yes, I wouldn't say it's a step change, but it's a continuation of the growth. We have quite a bit of growth planned in our product line, '12 relative to '11.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes. And partial recovery, I would say, is less than half of the sort of basis points that we loss from Q3 to Q4. So yes, definitely, it's between those 2 bookends. But I would say it's on the lower end of those bookends. But we expect a meaningful partial recovery, if you will. It's in the lowest end -- sorry, go ahead.
Peter A. Ragauss: Part of that is the $10 million per quarter of the noncash amortization of the BJ tradename, which we put an 8-K out right before Christmas. And then Q4 was unusually low. We got down to $64 million or so. And we still have SAP implementation going on worldwide for BJ. And also in Q1, typically you have a share-based comp hitting the corporate line as well. So it comes up in Q1.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, as it turned out, I'll try to answer that more specifically. We had about $50 million in product sales that we don't expect to repeat in Q1. And then, typically, in Q1, you've got weather and mix. Weather really hits you in Russia, the North Sea, Asia Pac. And that's probably a similar magnitude. So add those up, maybe $100 million or so of revenues impacting Q1 relative to Q4 with pretty healthy detrimentals there.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes. Ole, I was just there 2 months ago almost to the day. And security is -- you've never seen security like you have it there, and it's required. But one thing I will say is that the security situation there, physical security hasn't changed at all in the past couple of months. In fact, I think it's remarkable that the Iraqi security forces haven't had really any major events. You've had random acts of attacks probably at the same pace as you had for the past 7 years. In fact, if anything, they've come down in the region in which we operate, which is in the south near Basra. And so I think it's holding together pretty nicely. I think the biggest challenges, the mother of all challenges in Iraq is just the logistics and getting things through the bureaucracy, getting things through customs, moving things around in a safe manner. And that hasn't -- that we expect to improve over time. So I think there's some unfounded fear. And so far, the past few months have been pretty uneventful, quite frankly.
Peter A. Ragauss: Down. I think you could see flattish from oilfield ops. Don't forget, we've got corporate cost increasing $20 million, as we mentioned. Tax rate, we said, is going to be between 34% and 35%, and that compares to the 31% and change we had this quarter. So just those 2 items are $0.09 in and of themselves. And we also said industrial will be a little bit lower on an operating basis.
