Martin S. Craighead: Absolutely. And if you remember, I think we kind of led the dialogue around the fact that we weren't going to put any more horsepower into the market until we could be assured that it would be beneficial to our business. And the supply chain continues to, a quarter ago, produce equipment, and we simply, if you will, cold stacked it. And we've added no more horsepower for that exact reason. So I mean, we're 2 quarters into this effort to try to stabilize pricing in the market and we're very pleased with the discipline that the market seems to finally be realizing.
Martin S. Craighead: At this point, I'd say -- no, I'd say no. I'd say the pricing -- there's quite a bit, not for us, frankly. I mean, we've been in the spot market right or wrong for all this year. There's quite a bit of contracts that are still rolling off for some of the suppliers. And I think as that happens, it breeds a little bit more aggressiveness as those contracts come up and I think that's going to be with us, if you will, for probably another couple of quarters, James.
Martin S. Craighead: No, it's an Iraq story and a timing issue and all the logistics. So the answer to your question is oh yes, we'd be up if it wasn't for Iraq.
Martin S. Craighead: I think an acceleration as you head out into the second half of next year, Kurt. We're still forecasting a bit of a dropoff in U.S. land in Q4, a pickup in Canada, a pickup in the Gulf of Mexico. You add them all together, I'd say Q4 rig count is still down a little bit and into Q1, let's say flat and then picking back up in Q2 excluding the effect of Canada. So I'd say that we're pretty much flat here on out, down a little bit near term. And then Q2, Q3, which is a pretty far away out, let's -- I mean, let's face it, that's quite a forecast out, but we're more optimistic longer term.
Martin S. Craighead: I think -- I'd say we're only on second base in terms of what our rig contractor friends are capable of doing and what we're capable of adding to the whole mix as well. I'm not smart enough to forecast where we're going to go from this 4.5 per rigs except I feel confident telling you it's going to get better and I think there's quite a bit of opportunity. And as well, as I said, Kurt, and you know this, the customer community is getting increasingly comfortable with the reservoirs now and moving into full-scale rapid development of these. So I think they're going to push harder and harder and things like the AutoTrak Curve, the sliding sleeve technology, is really, really facilitating our customers in that effort.
Martin S. Craighead: I think our rig count numbers on Canada -- Bill, this is Martin. I disagree with what you just said here. We're showing Canada up 15 rigs.
Martin S. Craighead: Correct. The majority should be in Q4 and then tapering off into Q1, maybe even Q2 depending on the usage volumes, Angie, as well as the substitution rate of these new products, which, frankly, are accelerating. So we may see some guar inventory still being queued up in Q2.
Martin S. Craighead: Angie, I think I'd add that as we said, 4 is better than 3, 3 had some very unusual activity kicks that didn't work in our favor. But it's one quarter, you move on. And as Peter said, we have some rebounding in Q4, then you have some seasonal impacts that you generally have in Q1. But the outlook in International is, I can tell you, favorable. Activity should be up from where we are today. We don't have the drama around the pricing that affected all of us in '12. Hopefully, that's behind. We have a stabilizing Iraq situation, as Peter highlighted. So we're optimistic about '13 from an international perspective.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, we said we could and that's just for the benefit of transparency, Jim. Given the size of the pressure pumping spend and its relative percentage of an AFD today, with pressure on that particular product line, and as James asked right out of the blocks, until we see stabilization and hopefully sooner rather than later, you're going to get some drag-on effect on these package type of pricing and so forth. And so have we seen it? Not really. But could we see it? Yes, we could see it and that's, at this stage, all we can say on it.
Martin S. Craighead: The ones that I highlighted on this call are predominantly, I believe, entirely significant, significant pressure pumping contracts only.
Martin S. Craighead: First of all, I agree with you. Sharp is putting it mildly. But, Jim, when you work through the numbers, Norway, and particularly the mix in Central Europe, but Norway was down 22% rig count. Given our position there, that's just -- and as you know, the cost structure, there's not much variable cost that's going to go away in Norway when it's so abrupt. But I think, as most people know, those rigs are already back to work, as well as Central Europe. So -- but it doesn't -- it's a high fixed cost business and it doesn't take much drop in revenue to almost fall to the bottom line $0.80 on the dollar.
Martin S. Craighead: Jud, that's a good question. And I tell you, it's very optimistic, led by Saudi Arabia. As I highlighted in our prepared remarks, there's a continuing movement into the unconventionals. We were awarded a nice pressure pumping contract. I think that goes hand-in-hand with our commitment to the unconventional engineering that's going there with our research center that we opened up 2 quarters ago, as well as some of the integrated operations that we have in the neutral zone, as well as Shaybah and some others. So 2013, Saudi Arabia should be much, much stronger even over this year. And Oman and Kuwait, and I would say there's some pricing gains to be made in the Gulf, Abu Dhabi, our share position continues to grow on the drilling, as well as the wireline. So Middle East continues to be, and no doubt that it will continue to be one of the best stories we have on the Eastern Hemisphere.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, it's likely to recover in a quarter or 2. The driver there is, frankly, permitting issues around some environmental concerns. There's some geopolitical issues in that region that's slowing activity. I think on the geological success side, our customers are satisfied. I won't say ecstatic at this case, but I think they still remain bullish on that region. So if we get some of these permitting issues behind us, they'll get going again. The thing that -- yes, that was part of our Latin America contraction, as well as the bad debt provision that Peter highlighted. But, Jud, the other thing was, in Brazil, there was rig count decline as the drillships, particularly in the pre-salt area and some other Santos Basin moved from the drilling into the work-over completion phase. And given our position on the drilling front, that didn't help us. But that's temporary. It generally happens every year in Q3, maybe a little bit in Q4 as they try to hit their production figures.
Martin S. Craighead: Scott, that's a great question. And certainly, the thing that's not playing out again is the FCPA challenges, so let's make that clear. The issues on the, say, revenue growth, we've been open and honest about it. We're not chasing revenue for revenue's sake. It doesn't do us any good. It doesn't do you any good. It doesn't do our customers any good on the long term. I'm very satisfied with the strategy that's rolling out. We spent -- we're at a different point in the investment cycle, as you well know, relative to some of our peers. We are just now completing the build out phase this year and a lot of the infrastructure in our move from west to east. I really am happy with our market share gains in the Middle East, in Russia, our solid positions in the key markets of Latin America and Europe, particularly in Norway and Central Europe. But we have a lot of upside potential obviously, as you highlighted in terms of revenue, but we're not going to chase revenue for revenue's sake. And the other thing I'd tell you is while our build out is taking place, is it fully up and running in all that locations? No, it takes a little bit of time. And we still have some portfolio management is all I'd say is on the heels of the reorganization. Would I tell you that all of our mix is exactly what we want it to be? The honest answer is no. So we've got to look at that a little bit more sharply. But we're on the right track, we're doing the right things and I'm satisfied with the execution of our strategy by our Latin America, as well as our Eastern Hemisphere team.
Martin S. Craighead: International CapEx is up from here, but the mix is changing significantly from, let's say, roofline into some feeding the rental tool contracts in places like Norway, Middle East on the wireline and drilling and completion areas. So it's up in terms of dollars and it doesn't take much of a reduction in North America given the size of the North America CapEx budgets the last few years, Scott, to shift some money to the East and still have savings to help the balance sheet. So but there's also a mix shift besides just a dollar increase.
Martin S. Craighead: Frankly, no. But I think the other way to look at that -- have we heard that particular reason being? No. I think what there is, is just a continuing bit of lack of urgency given just the cautious posture North American customers have. So will they use the excuse that it's holiday season and slow down? Perhaps. But they're certainly in an environment where there's just a kind of a wait-and-see posture. And so, I guess, I'd agree with the end result. I'm not sure I'd agree with the reason that's driving it.
Martin S. Craighead: I can, I can, Jim. And these are not costs associated with getting stuck or losing a well or something. These are costs associated, frankly, with the institutional inefficiencies of where Iraq is right now in trying to run its own business. I don't mean us, I mean the country. Two rigs came off-line, had to be moved. To be moved, they had to go into a free zone. To go into a free zone -- there's just no tariff structure. Jim, we're not going to -- we're going to do things the right way. You got to wait to read the rules. And if the rules are being written or rewritten, you stand down and wait for it to get sorted out. So there's a great deal of inefficiency, but the country -- and you know I've been there multiple times, the country is in its early stages. But as I said, it's the right place to invest and we'll look back at these inefficiencies as just a real quick snapshot in time, a blink of an eye.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, absolutely. Security front's getting better and they're working through their issues. But as I say, hopefully, and as Peter highlighted, hopefully we'll get them digested in Q4. But I think to say that it's just going to operate like expected, it's going to operate like a Saudi Arabia in 2013 is being way too optimistic. It's in its early stages.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, James. James, this is Peter. Just another observation. We're hoping -- I shouldn't say hoping, but we were expecting pricing to sort of flatten out starting in Q3, but it hasn't. It's been dropping at the same rate all through Q3. So there's still some momentum. If you just think about the technical on it, there's still some momentum that it could go down further.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, we did -- in my commentary, Kurt, we did talk about the rig count being down sequentially going into Q4, so it's not exactly flat. We do expect the rig count to come down in Q4 from Q3 and sort of flatten from there.
Peter A. Ragauss: One thing we're not having this fourth quarter, Bill, is the Gulf -- sorry, that Canada is not coming back anywhere near where it used to. So you could expect Canada to be flattish to up a little bit; Gulf of Mexico, up a bit. We are looking at a rig count, Q3 to Q4, down 3% in U.S. land and you combine the rig count being down and pricing, so it feels like you've got some pretty strong negative forces. And the question is, will our cost savings in guar and further refinements in headcount, logistics and R&M, which have been pretty good cost savings over the past couple of quarters and I think we'll still have cost savings there into Q4, the balance is whether or not we can cost-save our way against the headwinds and that's a tough thing to call right now.
Peter A. Ragauss: We said on the call we think we got another quarter of the cost issues in Iraq. We play that quarter-by-quarter. We're optimistic we'd get those behind us and then we should -- that should help us out. The Q1 typically is a dip from Q4, as you know. I think we do have some product sales in Q4 typically. So maybe we can get the Iraq problem solved in Q4 to help out, but Q1 is typically softer than Q4 as it has been for many years.
