Martin S. Craighead: Sure, Byron. Well, look, when we did this about 4.5 years ago, the organization, the -- there were a lot of span of control issues, particularly at the hemispheres, as well as the density of the regions. If you remember as well, I think we started with something like 23 geomarkets, quickly moved 1 year or so, 2 years later, into 19. So it was never a plan, I think, that we would go long term with some of the structure we had. It was a security blanket to a degree. So I've been very impressed over the last several quarters with the maturity of the geomarkets in terms of the capability and the talent, the systems in place, the rigor by which they move in managing their business, their focus on the results. And it was time, I think, to delayer a bit. So that's the first thing. The second thing I wanted to get a little closer myself to the operation, which the delayering allowed. So I think going forward, it would give us a better opportunity to execute more reliably and keep a lean business profile. So that's kind of the motivation. But like I say, it was always part of a longer-term plan. And we're always looking to optimize the business, right? We got a lot of great people, and we want to put some talent into some jobs. And so time was right and we feel very, very good about it.
Martin S. Craighead: I -- look, it -- you're right, it's getting better, but there continues to be a wide margin between that particular product line and our overall results, let alone the other product lines.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes. I think 10% is reasonable. And I'd also add to that, maybe back to the earlier comments I was making to Byron, executing -- for us, executing on that 10% and maximizing the value, I think is going to be better than it's been in the past. And the appetite for technology in that 10%, given where it's at internationally, is going to be very, very strong.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, I think the market is going to grow. I think you guys, as well as a few of your peers, have put out there that spending will likely be up, given buoyant commodity prices and cash flow our customers have. Turf [ph] existing, they're going to completely lose discipline, I think they're going to be very, very prudent, but there is an increasing appetite for technology. The heat's on in terms of getting the EURs up, getting the initial production rates up, getting those -- squeezing out incremental efficiencies per pad. I mean, the pad is a big move, but the pad alone, without the bottom-hole assemblies, doesn't make a difference. So it really -- the whole combination falls into our wheelhouse very well, James. So we're confident in North America. I think it's going to be, though, going forward, an increasing conversation with the customer community around technology. And even things like bifuel or dry-on-the-fly or you name it, they just need to keep solving these problems. And it's good, it's good for us.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, I think so. I mean, if you look at what we've done the last couple of quarters sequentially in North America in terms of revenues, I would fully expect that we'd outgrow the overall market, yes.
Martin S. Craighead: Sure, sure, sure. Let me start with the one that we're probably seeing the most buoyancy and that would be Africa and just walk around the outer ring, right? I think the pre-salts out of Brazil are going to be very, very strong. We've already seen some geological success for our customers. And just like in Brazil, the drilling and subsurface technology is going to be in high demand. So that part of the world, move down around the horn, and I think East Africa is going to drive the numbers in '14. Middle East is going to be exceptionally strong year-on-year, led by Saudi, Kuwait and Abu Dhabi. We'll see margin progression in Iraq and continued top line growth, and given the amount of revenue that's there, you can't avoid it in terms of where the top line growth comes from overall. The North Sea will be steady, so I wouldn't put it in there as a top 5 contender in terms of difference. In terms of delta, it won't -- I don't see it necessarily being able to achieve that. Russia would be up there on the list. I don't know how many I've mentioned, but...
Martin S. Craighead: No, I am optimistic. I think there will be a degree of caution. There's been some challenges, payment challenges in the North that we've all experienced. There's -- I think there's still a lot of debate with regards to the new petroleum law, and I think some of it will be resolved before the end of the year. But I don't see the big issue with our customers in terms of ownership versus profit sharing being resolved any time, frankly, next year. So I think it will definitely be up year-on-year, that would be my expectation. But I think I'd temper a bit the -- some of the euphoria around Mexico.
Martin S. Craighead: Okay. So our estimate -- it's still a sloppy market, of course. We'd say it probably hasn't changed, say, 20% oversupplied. And in terms of the well count, as you know, Bill, there's so many variables, I mean there's lateral length, there's number of stages, in addition to the well count. But then offsetting that is, as I look at our numbers, our own improving efficiency. So we're getting more sand pumped with -- on a per-horsepower basis than we did this time last year, and we fully expect to even get better at it. So the well count alone isn't going to -- isn't the only solution. So I'd hazard to guess how many wells are going to -- how much well count is going to have to go up. I'm not smart enough to figure that out, Bill, not at this stage.
Martin S. Craighead: Sure, Bill. Let me start with the final part. Right now, 50% of the fleets we have in the U.S. are 24-hour capable, and by far, those are the fleets that work the most hours on any given week. So the utilization is the highest with the 24 hours. We expect to be, this time next year, far higher than we are today with 24-hour capability. As far as the initiatives that were underway, the big one being supply chain and all that it encompasses, particularly logistics and procurements and R&M, I'd say that we're probably second base, and the time to improvement in that particular space is a little bit lengthier than, let's say, some of the early wins we had in some of the other areas, like, for example, converting to 24-hour fleet. Efficiency gains with the fleet in other ways, making sure it's in the right markets, is, I think, essentially complete. Another component which you didn't mention but was a big driver for us year-on-year was the customer mix, Bill. And again, there, I'd say we're probably, again to stay with the baseball analogy, say, between second and third base. You can always do a better job of not only high-grading your mix, but working with the customer to make sure that they're being more efficient. So we've made good improvements there. I think if you look at our top 20 list, it reflects a big percentage of the U.S's leading clients in the space with regards to pad drilling and understanding the subsurface and having the rig count to keep our fleet active, so somewhere around second base. And in terms of margin progression, as I think I highlighted on a previous question, still a very, very large gap between the -- that particular product line, which is our largest in North America, and our other business lines. I think, as we said in our prepared remarks, record revenues for many of the other product lines and what we didn't say, but if you remember, whether it was chemicals or Artificial Lift or completions, we had records in those last quarter, so 2 quarters in a row with some of these product lines. So we still have a lot of opportunity, and I would expect that 4 will be better than 3 and 1 will be better than 4 and every quarter going forward, of course, with a Q2 normal hiccup in Canada. Hope that answers your question.
Martin S. Craighead: It's definitely possible to quantify, Bill. We have a plan to get to the mid- to high-teens, but I'm not going to give you any more specificity than that.
Martin S. Craighead: That's kind of a touchy area in terms of the amount of capacity the market can take. We have a new boat in -- that's mobilizing or has arrived in the North Sea called the Blue Orca, which is kind of a copy of the ships we have here in the Gulf of Mexico, 300-footer, and it should be active. And then this recent add in the Gulf, we have no other plans. But I think Peter did mention that we recently won 2 additional boats, renewals in the -- in Brazil. So it's a market that's got to be very well looked after because we don't want to have any spare capacity, just given the pain that, that can cause. So we're pretty comfortable with what we have right now in terms of floating capacity.
Martin S. Craighead: Okay. So let's start with Brazil. A substantial amount of the demobilization took place in Q3. And as far as Mexico, I think as I've highlighted to Bill earlier, they've -- this -- we've got to wait and see how these IO tenders unfold. Where they are, a lot of them are offshore, a lot of them are in the South, some of them are in the North. I've got some concerns, personally, about those IOs actually getting issued and executed in the North, given what transpired this year. So we'll mobilize according to how we normally do. We'll look at the terms of the contract, we'll see how diligent the customer is and be prepared to execute the work. We're pretty good at that. I'm not worried about kind of -- any kind of stumbles when it comes to mobilizing for those projects.
Martin S. Craighead: We don't have much spare equipment hanging around anywhere. A lot of the Brazil equipment went upside of the continent, and it's working. So if these projects in Mexico come to be, then it will further stretch resources. And maybe as Peter highlighted, we'll have to get the machine shops working on the overtime. We'll have to look at it when it happens.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, Brad, I'll tell you this. The experimentation that occurs within the customer community and the unconventionals is as rampant as it's ever been. It's probably going to continue. We love that. I mean, we've got a very broad portfolio of completion systems. Plug and perf is a good business. We're in the plug business. We're in the perforating business. Some customers try 1 thing, and I got to tell you, they go right back to something else. I think, at the end of the day, depending on the particular reservoir and where they're at in that reservoir, there will be sliding sleeve technology forever. It just -- it makes sense. There may be some places where it doesn't work. And don't forget that the fact that sliding sleeve, almost every couple of quarters, we're launching a whole new derivation of it from where we were 3 years ago. So we're not in the least bit worried. It's a market ripe for innovation, and we -- our people are very, very good at that. So whatever customer wants to -- like I say, if they want to experiment, we're the right ones to help them with it. But again, our completions business had another record quarter, and it doesn't include the plug and perf segment. So we're pretty happy with the way it's going.
Martin S. Craighead: Brad, let me add 1 thing to that. I wouldn't tell you that -- we still fully expect to collect every dollar we have legitimately earned. This is an accounting approach that we feel very strongly about. And we follow our rules, and we've been open straight with that. But we expect to collect every nickel. And when we do, if it's -- it needs to be broken out, we'll break it out.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, okay, so I'm not sure I'm going to be able to answer your question -- I'm not going -- probably choose not to give you what you're going to want to hear. We're 50% capable. I hope to be about 70% capable this time next year in terms of what's fitted out to be about 24 hours. And as I said earlier, all I'm going to say is that the 24-hour fleets are working more than the non-24-hour fleets, as you would expect. What percentage of that depends on the basin, it's something we work closely. Obviously, they're not any anywhere close to 100% utilized as -- nor is any -- even of the conventional fleets. So that's about the extent I'm going to be able to provide color for you, Kurt.
Martin S. Craighead: There's 2 key drivers. One, you have to have a workforce and a work program to be able to keep the fleet going. Two, you have to have a customer structure that allows that fleet to be able to work at that high intensity. And then third, you have to have the supply chain, which is both infrastructure and R&M and just overall logistics, that can keep that fleet on location for -- and working. And what I mean by the supply chain, it also includes, obviously, being able to pull equipment off location and maintain it at a nearby infrastructure, to where, then, you can mobilize it back out. So it's a -- if you were to look at the fleet, it doesn't look any different. It's really -- if you would, everything in the background, it allows that fleet to keep working, starting with labor and the customer and then the supply chain.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, I think my expectations are that all of our 4 geographical segments will continue to improve their margins. And if you look, on a relative basis, Latin America will -- should be driven by further efficiency gains and productivity gains in Brazil and given what actually materializes in Mexico, should be pretty good for the overall industry. North America, we obviously still have a lot of work to do in the 1 particular product line. And given the rollout of the technology, whether it's on the Pressure Pumping side, the AutoTrak Curve side or the Artificial Lift side with the ProductionWave, I expect margins there will definitely track north. I think the Europe, North Sea area will be steady. It's already one of our leading margin areas. I think activity will be strong, but I don't think activity will drive price there. I think it will be more of a technology play. I do think you're going to see some price traction as a result of activity in the Middle East. And as I highlighted earlier, Ole, Africa is probably one of the areas for us, both because of the increasing rig count that we see going forward, but also the technology plays and the demands for our kind of products is what's -- it gives me a whole lot of optimism and confidence that, that will be one of our leading margin areas in 2014.
Martin S. Craighead: Ole, I'm not going to predict the margin. I'm going to just tell you that it's going to be up from here on out. And as Peter said, there's still some rationalization, some smarter contracts to improve our mix. I'm not going to give a -- give you a prediction or -- on what that margin is going to be in Latin America.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, you ask a good question. As we get reviews with the business, we obviously try to understand what the peers are doing and the industry overall because until the capacity is absorbed, we're not going to see any improvement in price, and pricing has to improve. I mean, it's a tough business right now. But I'll tell you that everybody, our peers included, are making headway in efficiencies. And so, again, it's just going to drag out the amount of time until this 20% capacity is absorbed. So -- and look at us as a perfect example. I mean, we're not the only one improving efficiency of our fleet. So I think this overhang of capacity is going to be with us for as far as I can see into '14. That's for sure.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, sure, Bill. Well, we're pretty pleased with what we've been able to do this year on cash, right, and a lot of that -- we've driven higher revenue. First 9 months, I think it's $500 million over last year, with lower CapEx. And so our capital discipline is working, and we expect to continue that capital discipline into 2014. Certainly, in the first half of 2014, CapEx will be at current run rate. Depending on market conditions, if we need more tools, we'll then start gearing up, but right now, it doesn't feel like we need more tools because we've been able to prove that -- we've been able to keep the tool spend steady and grow revenue, so that's good. As far as cash flow and working capital, that sort of thing, yes, we had a great quarter this quarter. I'm very pleased with our team's ability to manage working capital despite revenue going up. I think we got more to do there into 2014, so that should help cash flow incrementally, 2014 versus 2013. So yes, we think this quarter, next quarter, next year, cash flow should continue to increase. And with respect to uses, it's still something we debate and discuss with the board every quarter, and the good news is we got a lot more to talk about now.
Peter A. Ragauss: Well, I think you've pegged 2 of them. We had some one-off costs in Q2 that did not repeat in Q3, so that was helpful in Q3. We also had some labor savings in Q3, which we'll have more of in Q4, so that's the good part. We do have some new contracts in the Andean and Mexico that will help offset what's been going on in Brazil and Chicontepec areas. So it's a little bit of mix, a little bit of activity and a little bit of cost savings going into Q4. As far as Q1 -- well, and we will probably have a little bit more product sales in Q4 as well, so sort of all of the above, not each of which is in huge amounts, but when they add up, they'll be accretive. Q1, yes, you probably will have the typical selloff in product sales relative to Q4.
Peter A. Ragauss: We certainly had a sizable amount in Q3. We continue to look at the business every quarter, and we'll decide during the quarter, based on conditions and contracts, what we'll do next.
Peter A. Ragauss: It's going to be flat through the first half, and then we'll see how market conditions evolve. And if all of you guys' predictions are right, with double-digit customer spend, then we may have to spend a little bit more in the second half. But we haven't made that determination yet.
Peter A. Ragauss: So first of all, let me just talk about this quarter. We had more than one customer this quarter. But they're both in Latin America. One is the typical slow payment, the other is their financial condition. But you're right, we've been applying the same policies consistently over the years. I mean, it's been a while, and it's a conservative approach. I think it's fully transparent. Others in the industry have the same issues, but they're not taking the same accounting approach, so that's interesting in and of itself. But I would say -- we have not been, in Latin America, collecting -- we haven't had quarters where we've collected and not told you because we haven't been collecting above sort of what we expected. But if we did, we would probably break it out, if it were material. So I think it's -- and we've -- essentially, over the years, we've reserved quite a bit in Latin America. So the accounting risk and the financial risk is a lot lower than somebody else who maybe have it all on their balance sheet,n so...
Peter A. Ragauss: And Ole, this is Peter. We've recently demonstrated, in Asia Pacific, a big turnaround. It used to be a laggard in terms of margins. But this quarter, it's no longer a laggard. It's -- the delta in Asia Pacific was very strong this quarter, and as you talked about intelligent bidding and this and that, well, we've done that. It's taken us a while, but we're seeing the fruits of it, particularly this quarter. I'm very proud of that region.
Peter A. Ragauss: Not overall, Ole. Certainly, in Pressure Pumping, we're spending a heck of a lot less than we used to, but we're still in a growth business. We're growing revenues quarter after quarter, year after year. And we are -- we got to replenish our tool fleet regularly and introduce new products. And so, I think unless you see a dip -- heaven forbid, a dip in the rig count, we're probably still going to be spending above depreciation for the next...
