Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks Brian. Overall we've made a lot of progress in the quarter. I'm encouraged by our performance on the synergies and the key commercial wins we've secured. The macro outlook is favorable and we continue to position the company for further growth and profitability. Let me reiterate that our priorities are unchanged. We're focused on executing to deliver on our commitments on share, margins and cash. Phil, now over to you for questions.
Lorenzo Simonelli: James as we mentioned before, we like the position we have within the subsea and our subsea portfolio today. Regarding the market, we're coming off a very low base of 2016 and 2017 and we do expect 2018 to be up but it's still going to be at about half the levels that we saw in 2013. We're coming off the back of some good project awards as you mentioned BP Tortue with fairly leverages also, the key technology that we have on the large bore gas and high pressure, high temperature applications and then as I mentioned in the commentary, we've been awarded Gorgon with Chevron which really is extending the long-term partnership we have with Chevron on a critical project out there, the Gorgon project which is going to be continuing to build on the relationship. We're going to be supplying 13 subsea trees, other subsea equipment, manifolds, wellheads and production control systems. So we're seeing project activity start to pick up, we like where we're positioned and still some way to go, but we feel encouraged.
Lorenzo Simonelli: James on the international market as you break it down. So overall, we expect the year to be relatively flat with pockets of certain activities, you look at the regions. Pricing will remain competitive and our focus on margins construed with the synergies. If you break down the regions, in the Middle East we don't really see that much material growth in first quarter, we expect some more activity in the back half of 2018 with some pricing pressure. Our strategy continues to be really to gain some share there in the region. As you look at Latin America, there is political economic and stability in some countries. We see modest growth through the year, we're missing Venezuela partially offset with increase in Argentina so international and relatively flat through the year.
Lorenzo Simonelli: So Angie let's - I take start at looking at the market place and if you look at the some of the activity that's taking place. We've mentioned the demand that's been increasing over the course of 2017 of LNG and we see expected demand to double for LNG 500 million tons per annum by 2030. So the outlook remains positive over the long-term and when you look at also the project activity to get ready for that, we do start to anticipate final investment decisions in the back half of 2018 going into 2019. We continue to like our position from the TPS business, we've been investing heavily in new technology. I've mentioned some of those with the LM6000, you've got the LM2500, the LM9000 and we continue to act very closely with our customers. So we feel that this is an industry space that we've got an opportunity to continue to improve upon and feel positive about the outlook going forward, as these final investment decisions come through. I would say, we didn't see any final investment decisions in the first quarter and again, we see those coming through second half 2018 beginning of 2019.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, sure Jud I'll give you some color on that. So if you look at services it's a big part of the business today and you're right, it has been relatively flat. And we talked about some of the reasons there in terms of safety stock going down destocking as well as the outage timing in the installed base. If you think about services in total, we installed the equipment and then the equipment operates. So there is a generally a lag before you start to see a lot of the service calories [ph] come through, a lot of that depends on where the equipment is, how it's being operated. So we have a large installed base that are under contractual services agreements and we have pretty good visibility into the types of outages that are going to happen and the calories [ph] that come along with those. The LNG contracts are typically 10 to 20-year service contracts and the way you think about those, year one you have some provisioning of parts and installation and then again depending on where the equipment is operated, you start to get into service events two, three years out but major service events, four, five years into the lifecycle and that follows through the rest of the lifecycle of the LNG plant. So if you go back and look at where we've been in the LNG built cycle primarily we're starting to enter a phase really early next year where you start to see some larger service events that will come through and they bring more revenue and more calories [ph] with them as well. in addition to the visibility we have into these outages we've been driving productivity in these contracts both for our customers and for ourselves, so as we progress through these contracts we can make them more profitable and provide better output for our customers as well, so that's another tailwind in the services portfolio. with the LNG build that's happened over the last few years services calories [ph] will pick up sooner, the LNG that we expect to start coming in late this year, early next year you'll see the benefits from the service revenue a few years after commissioning. So in terms of the outlook it's consistent with what I just said, [indiscernible] got good visibility into 2018 and into 2019 and expect to pick up there.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, I think the best indicator there is if you go back and look at our installed base growth in LNG when that cycle really started early part of this decade and there's a good data out there on when plants where commissioned and started running. Our services growth roughly will track to that with the lag and again I wish I could tell you, it's exactly two and half years you'll start to see it, but it really depends on where the equipment is operating, the type of equipment. But there is generally a lag versus the installed base in TPA [ph] growth.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Jud to kick it off here. We're really pleased with the progress we've made on the cash flow and we stated in the third quarter 2017 call the improvements we're going to make on operations. You're seeing those come through the team is fully focused on it and you can see the results bearing fruit, more to do as we work through the year and you can expect those operational improvements.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Sean [ph] just to reframe again. Our strategy and if you take a step back and when we combine the businesses it's really a way in which we approach the market by offering new commercial propositions and I think you're starting to see that, we mentioned Chrysaor which is again, another award of full stream we're combining the capabilities that we offer across oilfield equipment, across oilfield services and that is really a new offering that didn't exist in the marketplace before. We got the capabilities and you've seen those coming through. Also we've got aside from the synergies again new product introductions that we're developing into the marketplace. You've seen those we're utilizing 3D printing capabilities, new technologies, Lean which are going to be able to put us in a position where we're at a better cost space from a product standpoint. So you look at the premise of the way the strategy was laid up and we're executing to that strategy and that's how we're able to gain share and also return the margin and profitability and obviously generate cash. So I feel very good about [indiscernible] which we're executing towards those.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, so [indiscernible] just to clarify so the initial contract [indiscernible] feed study for the FPS and also for the first and for well development.
Lorenzo Simonelli: So Timna again we don't really talk about the consensus out there. We're committed again to what we see from a trend perspective in the industry. You've got North America activity that is improving. This is a story of short cycle business that sees tailwind given the activity in the industry, so positive momentum if you think about oilfield services, the digital solutions. When you look at the longer cycle businesses you're really looking at the back half of the year [indiscernible] equipment and also TPS as some of these larger projects final investments decisions come through.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Jim. I think we really have to take a step back and we really need to look at this from a perspective of project-by-project and the revenue opportunity is going to vary a lot depending on the technology and the scope that we're actually playing with on the project. So the type of compression, the driver equipment it's going to really dictate what the revenue potential is, are we using a large heavy duty gas turbine and electric motor or so. I think as we go through this from a revenue opportunity perspective. We've got to go scope by scope on each of the projects, that's the best way to do this. It's a wide range as you go through and you actually look project-by-project.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Jim when the projects are commissioned you get a little bit there around installation and some initial spares provisioning, but you start to see material service work really come in and three to four-year range again depending on the type of equipment, depending on the size of the project and where it's actually operating. So there is a lag there like I said earlier and it tends to be three to four years and then there are other cycles that are spread out over the 15 to 20-year life of the contract, so that's a rough guide.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Dave as you mentioned lump-sum turnkey, LSTK. They've actually been around for a number of years and so you can go back in time and see where they've been tried before and then changes that have been applied and in Latin America right now I think you're seeing a number of activities in the Middle East and when we look at it, it's really a question of taking project-by-project and looking at the returns and that's the most important aspect here is the returns. We also think that LSTK is only one model, we think it's important that we continue to look at new innovative contractual structures that are positive for our customers and ways in which we can work with them in looking at what we've discussed with applying potential leasing, potential other services and that's the way in which as the industry continues to evolves there's going to be different models that come through.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Chase, good to hear from you. Look as you know - The GE, CFO early on this year restated at a conference that there is nothing anticipated from GE at this stage and we have everything in place with regards to running the business and we're committed to what matters most delivering for our customers and for our shareholders. We've got the majority of the value creation opportunity is within our control, BHGE. So we're going through the aspects of integration, we've got the synergies in place and we feel good about we have in hand what we need going forward.
Lorenzo Simonelli: So I think it's still an open area for discussion. We're clearly seeing some increased activity and also different models that are being applied, you've seen the recent wins that we've also indicated. We do think that the offshore market and subsea deepwater is necessary from an industry segment perspective in the long-term and so pricing remains challenging and we're looking at different models and I think it's going to be playing out over the course of next 12 to 18 months.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks a lot. Thanks everybody for joining us. I just wanted to mention this is the third quarter as BHGE and we're making great progress on all the strategic priorities that we've laid out. We've mentioned the share; we've mentioned the margin and also returning the cash generation and cash to our shareholders. The environment is positive. We see some tailwinds and we're remaining focused on our key priorities. I also want to give a shout out to all the employees all the hard work that they've endured during the integration. We're making good progress and thanks for joining us today.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Angie you reiterated a couple points - we highlighted in the 4Q 2017 earnings call and in the medium term, we'd be around levels we were in the fourth quarter and do expect to see a pick up here in the second half with the visibility we have into the backlog and what we see coming through the services portfolio. If you roll this forward into 2019, we have said that we did see us getting back to mid-teen rates and there's a couple of things that really drive that. First is, we talked to you about the cost op, $200 million of cost op they were driving in the business that's clearly going to impact margin rates. You get a full year impact as we roll into 2019, so self-help there is a big piece of that recovery. On the services side, we've got good line of sight into both the transactional and contractual service outage schedules and the types of outages that are there and that's favorable for margin rates as we look out into 2019. We'll start to see some of that in the back half of this year and then finally you know, you highlighted the LNG market with some FID starting to pick up late this year and early next year. We should start to see in the back half of next year, some revenue starting to come through associated with those since we're the long lead items in those projects, so that's really the dynamic that we see playing out for 2019 to get the margin rates back up in the mid-teens in TPS.
Brian Worrell: We did have some good results as I highlighted earlier on working capital specifically around receivables. You did point out, restructuring spend was about $100 million in the quarter. if I look at that going forward as I said early the bulk of the expense will be through there in the second quarter, some ongoing cost will flow into the second half but relatively small versus what you see in the first half year. And typically with all these projects, the expense proceeds, the cash as people exit as we close down facilities, exit product lines and those kind of things. So you will see an uptick in the restructuring cash here in the second and the third quarter again trailing off in the second half of the year. And from an overall working capital and free cash flow generation standpoint, look we talked to you about in the third quarter earnings call. It's a big focus for the leadership team here. We've started to make quite a bit of progress. Inventory levels are down versus when we closed the deal and we usually have a spike up in the first quarter, but we still managed to generate cash since we close the deal in inventory. So we're happy with the progress, but some more work to do. So I think there's some opportunities there as we go through the rest of the year. And then from a CapEx standpoint we were a bit low this quarter. One is, I talked about we're driving some integration activities and we sold some properties that generated some proceeds and then you see we had an inventory build in the first quarter and a lot of that will flip over the CapEx as we deploy those tools to drive the revenue growth.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Bill we have talked about that little bit, but to reiterate with the visibility we have with the outages in the contractual services space as well as what we see from the installed base on transactional services. We do see that picking up in the second half of the year into 2019. We did see a slight increase year-over-year which is a good sign in transactional services, but just so you know it's difficult to predict exactly when the customers are going to decide by the inventory they need for an outage, so we're constantly working with them. So there can be some movement between one quarter and another, but generally if you look at the installed base growth over the last few years and where things are in the service cycle. It should be a general tailwind and again you could see some quarter-on-quarter movement, but the macro is pretty good for that.
Brian Worrell: Timna, look we like the strategy we have communicated to return 40% to 50% of net income to shareholders. We do have plans to increase the free cash flow conversion, so we like the free cash flow outlook here. In terms of what we've done, we launched the share buyback program in November and it bought back $1 billion of stock in four months and it returned $600 million to shareholders in dividends, so pretty solid returns there in terms of returning cash to shareholders. I think the stock rate is today is still an attractive investment. We continue to work with the board on the pace of our buyback and you should expect us to continue to execute here. But you're right we do have $2 billion of authorization left and are, remain committed to our stated objectives here returning cash to shareholders.
Brian Worrell: Yes and Timna our outlook for the year is unchanged at this time. And I think Lorenzo summarized the dynamics in the product companies pretty well.
Brian Worrell: Dave, if I look at - I think we've got the capability in house to execute on LSTK projects. We understand the history both within Baker and within some of the competitors who have a larger portfolio of that. But we think that the model needs to change and we think the customers understand that just given the history here. But we think we've got the capabilities and the one thing that I want to make sure you understand is it, we'll be selective and we're going to balance the risk and reward here to make sure that we retrieve adequate returns for the company, if we're taking on incremental risk.
Brian Worrell: Look I think if you look at some of the historical performance here, there have been things in place that have not made it beneficial for the customer and there have been some that have been loss making here and I think sitting down with the customer and looking at the contractual nature, how we interact, how we work together. Things that are dependent upon them to make the contract work. I think constructed dialogues there and how you contract and how you operate on a daily basis, is what I'm talking about there. So it's got to be a much more collaborative relationship and I think key customers understand that.
Jud Bailey: Wanted to follow-up on TPS and specifically ask about kind of LNG services business. You've noted that's been a bit of drag and has not really, has been a bit of disappointment I guess in the last few quarters. I wonder if you could talk about your visibility on service activities starting to improve and maybe comment on, is there any opportunity for some sort of catch up effect because it's best we can tell that business has been relatively flattish while capacity has been growing, could you help us think through the growth trajectory on LNG services and to the extent you're seeing any visibility that could ultimately play out, this year in 2019.
Jud Bailey: Okay and if I could follow-up and maybe try to maybe ask about some numbers. Should we think LNG services, is it reasonable thing they could grow mid-to-high single digits, can we see double-digit growth at some point. I'm just trying to think about how to think about the magnitude of growth as some of this stuff that you're talking about plays out.
Jud Bailey: All right, I appreciate that. And my second question if I may is, free cash flow during the quarter was above our estimates. I think largely due to lower restructuring. Can you help us think about free cash flow as we go over the next few quarters and [indiscernible] obviously [indiscernible] cash restructuring charges and probably working capital. I assumed free cash flow grows, but maybe you could help us think about the progression over the next couple of quarters.
