Chad Deaton: Thank you, Martin. So as I stated earlier overall, we're pleased with the progress we made in the first quarter. Our North America operation delivered very strong results relative to competition and while our international markets were challenged by pricing pressures, we believe margins will improve in the second half of the year. Looking forward in the U.S., there are many positives. Oil activity has been robust. Last week, the oil rig count was 513 and that's up 23% from year end. We’re confident that oil directed drilling activity will continue at current price levels and are forecasting that the oil rig count will average about 570 rigs in the second half of the year. The oil directed drilling has been split between vertical drilling and the Permian and service intents of horizontal multi-laterals and multi-stage fracing in the Bakken. We see a possibility for more technologically sophisticated oil directed drilling in other areas as well, as operators are looking to develop new plays in the Eagle Ford and even the older plays in the Permian Basin. The gas rig count has increased 26% from the year-end levels and last week stood at 958 rigs. Gas activity is ahead of where we thought it might have been in May. The mixed change to long horizontal and multi-stage fracing favors Baker Hughes in our new acquisition. Demand for natural gas could still surprise us. Summer isn’t here and industrial demand could react favorably to low natural gas prices thus far in demand. Looking forward, we expect the gas recount to peak in Q2 and show a modest decline in the second half of 2010, averaging 765 rigs for the second half of the year and 840 rigs for 2010, as a whole. So for the year, we see the gas rig count being up 5% year-on-year. The increase in oil activity in the second half of the year will partially offset the decline in gas directed activity. For 2010 as a whole, we see the oil rig count up about 88%. So combine in total, we see the U.S. rig count up 26% or about 1,089 rigs to 1,370 or up 281 rigs. In Canada, the spring breakup is well underway and like our drilling in evaluation product lines, the BJ Services product lines are particularly impacted by the breakup. As in the past, we expect our chemicals and artificial lift product lines to remain fairly resilient. Outside North America, we expect international EMP spending will continue to increase, supported by high oil prices and the need to offset production declines and meet demand in China and India. In the Middle East Asia Pacific region, we look for a modest increase in rig activity in the second half of the year. Price pressures should ease and our focus will be on margin improvement. There has been much discussion recently about the outlook for Iraq, so I’m going to share our view. The long-term potential in Iraq is significant and we were well-positioned to address opportunities as they rise. As Martin mentioned earlier, our base in Rumailah will be open by the end of the second quarter and we have been awarded a significant contract for delivery of ESP systems. Pricing on recent industry contract awards for other services has been fairly aggressive, leading to what we consider below-average margins. As non-North America activity increases beginning the second half of this year, and accelerates into 2011, we would anticipate that Iraqi pricing for future contracts could firm as Service Company resources begin to become more stretched. Within our Europe Africa Russia Caspian region, we see activity in the North Sea being supported by strong activity in the Norwegian sector. We see stable activity in West Africa, growth in sub-Sahara Africa and a slow recovery in North Africa. Activity in the Russian Caspian region will increase, coming off a very seasonal low of the first quarter. And in Latin America, we expect activity to increase in Brazil and the Andean region. In Mexico, activity will increase, as Martin mentioned, in the back half of the year as the ATG lab work increases and the longer term in Mexico, we look for increased offshore activity. We do not expect near-term improvement in the outlook for Venezuela. So before we open it up for Q&A, I want to take this opportunity to welcome the former shareholders, as well as the employees of BJ Services and I think it’s obvious to say to that we've been anxiously waiting for this day for quite some time and also needless to say, we're pretty excited about getting started and being able to tackle some of the tremendous opportunities that we see in front of us in the second half of 2010. Okay, Gary. Let's open it up for questions.
Chad Deaton: Well, if you map it out over two years, Bill, I think as we said, I think bottom was hit in Q1. I don't think Q2 is going to be any shining star. It will be flat to up, but we do anticipate seeing the second half of 2010 it’s a fairly significant improvement both on the revenue side as well as the bottom-line margin side. Over the next, and I think 2011, we'll just continue that acceleration as we go into it.
Chad Deaton: I think we'll get a little bit, Bill, but it's going to be volume mix, margin side will be costs control. I think one of the things we need to look at on the international margins, I think we still have some allocation issues as we moved from a Houston focused product line. Everybody's sitting in Houston to international and as we've allocated out some costs, I think that's been reflected in some of our margins internationally. I think the volume side, one thing that will help us going forward on the volume is the BJ acquisition. If you look at it, if you look at the two areas where we seem to have most of our issue right now on margin, are the two areas where we needed to be pretty aggressive in our infrastructure build out. That's Latin America and Mexico, Brazil etc. and then the Middle East Asia Pac. And when there is a little downturn and you have some pricing that hit you as well, that amplifies some of your challenges in those areas. So, that additional revenue that we will get out of BJ will help us work some of those costs and I think that's why we're feeling pretty good about the second half of the year and into 2011.
Chad Deaton: No, I don't think it was. We were starting to get some nibbles in the typical ones that you would see and that's the directional drilling, the high end DD LWD bits, to some degree completions. But I don't think we saw a lot in March as we came out that really is accelerating now as we go forward. It's getting tight. There's no doubt about it. Our resources are tight. I'm not sure how tight some of our competitors are yet. If they're getting tight, then I think we'll see some improvement in Q2.
Chad Deaton: Well Marshall, I don't think we really know yet because the actual cause and problems and everything else haven't been investigated. The only thing we can say right now that I think there are three or four rigs that we have had to move our equipment off of just because they were involved in the oil slick or they're being surrounded by the oil slick and there's a safety measure that clients got the people off the rigs. Other than that, we're not seeing deterioration in that activity. If it stops some of the drilling out five years from now, under the new leases that the President talked about, maybe that will that have some effect at that time but in the near term, the only thing we've seen are these three or four rigs that we've had to come off of so far.
Chad Deaton: The integration has begun already internationally, including Canada. And domestically, in the U.S., and the Gulf of Mexico, obviously we are limited to keep those companies at a stand-alone operation until we sell the assets in the Gulf of Mexico. We are actively putting together a package on those assets now. We've had a fair amount, quite a bit of interest in those assets. So it's going to take us a couple of months to probably get that together, and sell it, get the approval from the DOJ. Once that's done, we will then go ahead and incorporate, and roll, or integrate I should say, the U.S. side of the BJ acquisition. It's not all bad because we have always said that the international side would go quickly and the U.S. side would take a little longer, as we wanted to learn their people and understand and know who they are and give them some key roles, et cetera. So that's the integration plan. But I could say internationally, we're already moving. The guys have had plenty of meetings and sessions and welcomed the BJ people in place and starting to combine where we can.
Chad Deaton: Robin, this is Chad. That's correct. We did show that we would be -- to combine CapEx of 17, 18. I don't want to break down how much of that's going to go to BJ and how much will go anywhere else, but obviously there is a fair amount that is going into BJ. As Peter said, we had our first session with them the other day and the BJ North America team has in their plan to build some additional equipment. The whole industry is tearing up a lot of equipment especially in Haynesville, a lot of replacement equipment. We're also looking at building some equipment for other parts, or BJ in other parts of the world. So there will be an increase in capital spending for BJ versus '09 for 2010 and 2011.
Chad Deaton: Yes they have. You guys can go back and calculate what Q4 was from the Q for them and then take a look at what we put in the press release as $1.1 billion. You could see that they had a pretty significant revenue increase.
Chad Deaton: A 20% increase globally and worldwide, so you can see that they had a very, very strong quarter from a revenue standpoint and if you look at where this pricing is, you're right, it depends on the basins. And a little bit of that depends on how many fleets are in each basin or what part and what competition has and so yes, they are seeing some price improvement.
Chad Deaton: Joe, don't forget Canada. You're going to see a major hit in Canada. It happens every year, every quarter and every second quarter and it's going to happen again this year. I think if you broke down the three areas, U.S. land, Gulf of Mexico and Canada, I'm not worried about U.S. land and Gulf of Mexico. They're going to be fine in the second quarter, continuing to show some improvement but Canada -- it's not going to be enough to offset Canada.
Chad Deaton: Well I hate to pin down to a number, but I don't think you'd be all that far off if you're assuming that.
Chad Deaton: Well, I think we're probably finished the game, pretty close on the geomarket side. And now we've got to roll in the BJ group into that, so I don't know if we start a new game or not. But from the reorganization in the geomarkets I think our guys are in place, they're feeling comfortable with it, they know what to do. We've got some cleanup to do but for the most part, that's pretty much along the way. And I think on the product line side, Martin, I'd turn it to you. Still somewhere in the sixth or seventh inning, somewhere in there, but getting close to getting that. Everybody knows what they're supposed to do now and what their roll is, so that part is pretty much over with. I think we -- another quarter or two clearly everything is fine just on any type of -- this is actually the anniversary, one year anniversary today since we announced the reorg. So I'm pleased with how far we've come in that one year.
Chad Deaton: Well, I actually think we got some positive surprises. I've done this before several years ago and it seemed like it took a long time to get the thing done, but I think it was a little easier this time and I think people, for one reason, obviously our competition several of them were along that way already, and so it was expected by, especially our field people, that we were going to this. So I think that did make it easier for it.
Chad Deaton: I would imagine Kurt, it's probably going to be a 2011 event. It would depend on what negotiations and what happens from the clients in Russia. If we got contracts, we have had a couple of them ask us to bring stuff back in there. If we got contract, then we would seriously consider it in 2010. But I think right now, we would be focusing on some other opportunities that we see around the world that probably are better for us right now.
Chad Deaton: I think you hit it right on the head. It's at some countries, and it's across some product lines. And I think it's just some turf wars depending on the product line, and depending on the country that people are kind of protecting their turf. I can't say that we're any different, and some area, where we may be strong, we're protecting our turf. And it's not across all regions but there are several countries where it's pretty aggressive right now.
Chad Deaton: Well we have brought the break-even, down from the five rigs. This last quarter was a fairly decent quarter. We averaged about three rigs but it was primary drilling and we set pipe in some intermediate and along streams and therefore, we're able to get paid. Our performance has been good. Martin and I just got back from there a couple of weeks ago, we get down about every three weeks now working with PEMEX on this. They know where we stand. We have seen the forward drilling curves or drilling plans for rigs. We're in a good position to win additional rigs or be awarded additional rigs and I think our cost now is down to the point where we still need three, maybe four. But we think that in the second half of the year, based on our performance and based on some of the comments that we've heard from management there, we think we'll start seeing ourselves ramp back up in the second half of the year and we think that the second half of the year should be pretty good for us down there if we can get back on those rigs.
Chad Deaton: Well I think you have to go back the last couple three quarters and I think we bucked the trend the last two to three internationally on revenues. We've held our own. In fact, I think we've gained a little bit in the last couple three quarters. I think I have to attribute a lot of that to the new organization. I think the region in the geomarket managers are just that much more focused on the customer, that much more aggressive in terms of winning contracts. So I would have to say, that because of the geomarket and region structure right now, we're just being more responsive in being there and we're starting to see, again more cross-product line contracts, where we've got the bit, where we've got the bottom hole assembly and now we get awarded the Drilling Fluids just because it's a Baker Hughes team going in to try to get the works. I think that's helped us in these last couple three quarters. One of the reasons why we're excited about getting BJ onboard, being able to throw in another significant part of the market there that works very closely with our guys.
Chad Deaton: I think the second quarter is not going to be anything to write home about for Latin America. I think Q3, Q4, you'll start seeing improvement and it'll be a combination of some of these costs that we talked about, but also when the Brazilian rigs swing from drilling to completion, it makes a big difference because we have a significant infrastructure in Brazil today. And when those rigs aren't drilling, we can't do much with the people. We can keep them on the shore so we see the rigs going back to more drilling, especially in Q3 and into Q4, it's going to help us quite a bit in that area.
Chad Deaton: What I'd rather do, I'd rather wait until Q2 because we've got a lot of mapping to do between their systems and our systems and we've only owned that company for three business days as of this morning. Interest expense, a little simpler, so that's on the D&A side and we also still have to work through the purchase price accounting which can change that number. On the interest side, you could probably figure Q2, we were at about -- we'll probably be at about $28 million, $29 million BHI stand-alone and we've inherited the two BJ bonds and so add another $7 million for the BJ interest expense just in round numbers, so call that $35 million in interest expense.
Chad Deaton: We've got some nice contracts this last quarter and they're kind of a combination of one or two or three product lines but nothing that I would say is big. A lot of completions in drilling work in Norway across some of the IOCs that are two or three different product lines involved.
Chad Deaton: Well I think Eastern hemisphere, let me put it that way, and you can figure it out real quickly. Eastern hemisphere is going to improve. Like I said earlier, Latin America I think second quarter is still going to be a challenge.
Chad Deaton: We want to move forward in Asia. We don't feel like our share is to the point where it needs to be in Asia. Similarly, in parts of the Middle East, obviously we're strong in certain parts of the Middle East. We do quite well in Saudi, we do well in Oman, voted fairly well in Oman, we do fairly well in Qatar. We think we've got opportunities and growth opportunities in Egypt. We believe we have opportunities in India. Latin America, we've got very good share and I liked our position in Brazil. We're improving in Mexico, although as we all know it's a tough market. And then we like our position and continue to see good gains in the Columbia/Ecuador, that area and we think that with the BJ acquisition, that's going to help us there. It's going to help us across all of Latin America. They have a fairly decent presence there and they have a good presence in Asia, which should help us going forward. So I think those are the key points, Mike.
Chad Deaton: I think Canada again, once we get through Q2, there's no doubt that BJ is going to get hit hard there in Q2. But once we get through that, we see Q3, Q4 coming back to a Q1, close to that level. Martin referred in his comments about the micro seismic project on some 75 wells up in Canada. We see this as a great opportunity for Baker Hughes/BJ combination. BJ had a very good quarter last quarter. Up in Canada and we see it coming back and our position up there’s pretty strong. So we think Canada is going to be a good area for us going forward.
Martin Craighead: I don't have the exact numbers but mostly it's in one pocket out of the other. We did, as a conscious effort, part of the re-org, we basically turned the organization upside down and we've decided to allocate and put costs where we felt they would be better represented in the future. So most of those costs were just shifted out of corporate into the operations and a lot of those went into the international operations.
Martin Craighead: Marshall, this is Martin. Let me follow up on a couple of comments that Chad and Peter made. As Chad mentioned, we're already underway in terms of the integration, but specifically, their task forces that had been assigned in each region. All the international regions have been bucketed into three buckets in terms of the first phase, the second phase and the third phase. Within that integration, there are kind of a two-pronged approach, as Peter mentioned, the cost synergies really can't happen until we understand what the support needs are. But the first and foremost priority is the commercial synergies and those were the first and foremost, existing contracts that both companies currently hold. And looking for any opportunities where there's no contract bearers to where we can leverage each other's relationships and terms and conditions. And then any new opportunities, that for the first time, Baker Hughes will be solicited as a broader provider. So we're feeling very good in terms of the way these guys have hit the ground running on both sides, BJ's side as well as Baker Hughes' side, to get this thing moving quickly.
Martin Craighead: Stephen, this is Martin. I would say it's hard to identify any specifically, as Chad mentioned earlier, it's just a whole different approach for Baker Hughes relative to what it was before. We just have a holistic view of what the customer's issues are, including the reservoir interpretation group as well. To be honest with you, we have probably a dozen examples that Gary or Gene can get to you later but I don't have them at my fingertips right now. But it's great combinations of Atlas and BOT in North America. As you heard in the Andean region, INTEQ and Hughes Christiansen and the chemicals in the ESPs, particularly the 500 degree ESPs in the SAGD area in Canada, they were across the board, we can get you pages of them that are coming in.
