Martin S. Craighead: That's a great question, James. Thanks for asking it. First of all, there's not a structural impairment. As we've highlighted before, our -- one of -- our largest product line in North America is operating at differentially low performance, economically. That all said, it's making -- it is the product line with the most momentum in terms of improvement across the globe for us right now. So it's a locomotive that is starting to churn out, and it made some very nice improvement and as I highlighted, 2 quarters in a row. In this particular quarter, the slope of the curve is picking up even more. So it's really starting to come together. And in that -- and that is the only issue that we -- I believe we have in North America. We like our portfolio, we -- both in terms of product line and in geographies. Highlighted the diversifications going on in Canada, the strength in the Gulf of Mexico, our mix with our ships versus our peer group, and the non-pressure pumping businesses are performing extremely, extremely well. And in that particular business, if you remember, about a year ago, a little over a year ago, we highlighted the issues that we were facing, and one of the most critical, at the time, were the -- was the people utilization, an action was taken and realignment made. The customer mix is pretty much where we want it to be, and the big issue there was having the right customers in the right locations, and being able to get on 24-hour operations, and that's behind us. I think the issue still lies around some issues around transportation and logistics, and those are things we're still working through. So no structural. And in terms of timing, I don't want to put my finger on that because it's a volatile business, as you know. But for us, we don't expect any more price erosion going forward. We did experience a little from 1 to 2, but I think that's behind us, so it's upward and onward from here.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, I'll tell you this, this time next year, I'm hoping that it starts with a 7. But we're not at 50%. There's -- we have -- we hit 50% a couple of times in the quarter, the high midweek times, but it's really averaged around 45%. I just want to calibrate it a little differently here.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, if you also factor in what you didn't mention, the -- hopefully, capital discipline that begins to permeate the service sector as much as it's permeated our customers, I'd say, if that's sustainable and pretty much around the Pressure Pumping business, once the cost of capital -- we all start earning our cost of capital again, I'd say mid- to high-teens is probably a fair expectation, assuming no sharp swings in the market.
Martin S. Craighead: I don't know if that's unreasonable, but I think that's maybe on the optimistic side of where we think. Again, the big part is the recovery in the Pressure Pumping business. And remember, to follow up on your first point, correct in 2 to 3 in Canada. 3 to 4 in Canada is obviously nowhere near as dramatic, so that's a big factor as well.
Martin S. Craighead: I can tell you what our perspective is. But let's go back a little bit so everybody can get recalibrated. Six months ago, there was a lot of excitement out there about what kind of rigs were going to be added. They didn't, but it's our understanding that they will reach their final objective. It's been pushed out, though, to probably the end of 2014, so another 18 months. But from here on out, I believe that -- we believe the rigs will begin coming into the Kingdom. So the final number that Saudi Aramco was aiming towards, we believe, will become a reality. It's just probably 6 months behind.
Martin S. Craighead: Kurt, as Peter said, we're on 12 rigs now. We'll be mobilizing for 3 more workover rigs in the next couple of quarters. This quarter, we were breakeven, and I expect that Iraq will be contributing EPS by the end of the year. Now I think the nature of the beast that we all have to understand with that market, at least the way the market is now, given the significant amount of passthrough revenue, it's going to be a dilutive -- dilutive to margins, but EPS accretive.
Martin S. Craighead: Okay. I don't want to peg the revenue stream yet, Scott, or margin projections. I will tell you that we're really, really happy and excited about this. It's not a big scale project. It's 1 drilling rig, 1 workover rig. It's -- the total capital commitment over a couple of years, it's public information at least down there, so I don't mind sharing that, it's around -- between $60 million and $65 million over 2 years. But it's a nice infill drilling, workover play. We've been very successful with the Carrillo [ph] lab down there, which is in the same general vicinity where we've taken production up -- over threefold from where -- when we inherited the field less than 2 years ago. So the reservoir engineering folks, our production engineers, we've been able to really define some targets. We're drilling some horizontal wells in the Carrillo [ph], and we'll be doing that in this block. So it's a nice -- it'll turn into a nice service incentive contract for us starting in Q1, Q2 next year.
Martin S. Craighead: That's a great question. Thanks for asking it. Well, PEMEX even before the emergence of Petrobras, at least from our calculations, the product lines that we participate in, PEMEX has consistently been the largest spender in Latin America. And you're right, we've been kind of obvious by our smaller position there, and it's a variety of reasons. But we set out a while back to change that, and the cost cutting is transitory because it is still a place we're going to invest and grow and increase both share and margins. And we have a plan to do that, and we have a line of sight to some of it. The cost cutting that Peter mentioned was really around -- and fully necessary, was given the abrupt nature and the budgetary issues of PEMEX encountered in -- and cutoff spending in the north. Whatever share we have in Mexico, the preponderance of our activity is in the north, so we didn't have much in the way of to fall back on offshore or in the south. And so the cost cutting was necessary. And -- but like I say, that's -- and it kind of helps go to explaining the -- I believe Peter mentioned this, the sharp decrementals because there were some rig cancellation costs and things like that, that we had to take care of in Mexico. But as I said, as Peter said, that's kind of behind us.
Martin S. Craighead: I don't want to speculate on the reasons necessarily for the delay. I think it had to do with getting the right rigs, getting their projects lined out. But as I confirmed on the earlier question, it's our understanding now that most of those rigs are secured and identified to be shipped to Saudi. So yes, we push out 6 months, and the tightness in the market is real. I don't want to speculate, because, I think, we all fell victim to speculating on what it may do to price 6 months ago. So I'm just going to reserve judgment, but it certainly should have an upward bias. And I'll just leave it at that.
Martin S. Craighead: Sure, okay. I can tell you that I was surprised by some of the reports that came in, parts of Asia Pacific, as well as parts of the Middle East, where a couple of products lines have actually increased prices, albeit small. But it's been a while since that's been visible at this level of the company. There have been some public tender openings in a couple, again, Asian countries, where the estimates came in higher than what they call the operator estimates, meaning that between the NOC and the IOC, all the bids from the big 3 service companies exceeded their desire, and that's a good signal. So there's some discipline coming in. So -- but on the other hand, Asia Pacific, I think, has been the place where needed the most improvement. In moving north of there -- outside of North Africa, there's really no place that I wouldn't be expecting that we're seeing greater buoyancy in pricing going forward. All the big contracts are kind of behind us, as been previously stated and you well know. So here it's -- to use that overused term, which is to grind higher, I think.
Martin S. Craighead: It's holding up there pretty well. The -- David, it's -- for now, it's new products, new technology where you can get a premium price, whether it's on the artificial lift side or on the drilling side. But as Peter mentioned, it's pretty much a balanced market at this point.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, I don't want to tell you this percentage, but it's -- the amount of revenue that we earned this quarter is twice what we earned this time last year. And I don't want to tell you the magnitude of that. I'll let you judge that. But it's surprising how much is being converted to these pad locations so quickly. Now that may be part -- in part because of our product mix, particularly the AutoTrak Curve and so forth, so I don't know if it's inordinately high for us. Certainly, as well, relative to last year, the way we re-architected, redesigned our frac fleets and changed our customer mix may have also accelerated us in that space. But it's 100% year-on-year on the pads.
Martin S. Craighead: I think you can model in some contribution in the -- towards this end of Q4 and a full utilization into 2014.
Peter A. Ragauss: And Bill, this is Peter. Don't forget, you still got an overhang on that Pressure Pumping capacity somewhere circa 20%, and that's kind of an unnatural position for the industry to be in. So if that overhang melts away through attrition, which we expect it will with, like you said, well count increasing, then that's -- I think what Martin said is easily achievable. But that's going to -- again, that's going to take quite some time to get that overhang out of here so...
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, I'd probably box it in a little bit more. I'd say it's ambitious to be in the low-teens. It's plausible, certainly, to be double digits.
Peter A. Ragauss: Revenues for the second half, we've got new projects starting up. I would say -- we tend to view Q2 as pretty much an anomaly with -- in terms of revenue and certainly, in terms of costs. So revenues ought to be up a little bit second half with new projects. And we would -- and we are expecting improvement in Q3 over Q2 after adjusting out the bad debt. So it may not be exactly linear between what we said our exit rate would be, but certainly an improvement from here.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes. Jim, we've been spending $200 million, $300 million a year on infrastructure for the past almost 4 years now, so call it $1 billion, a little bit more than that on infrastructure overall. Much of that was international. More recently, we built out our bases domestically in some of the oily basins for Pressure Pumping. But the only thing we're spending money now is the tail end of finishing up some of those projects, some of those are 2- to 3-year projects. We haven't really sanctioned much new in the past 12 to 18 months, and so most of that spend is behind us now.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes. This is Peter. We review this every quarter with the board. The good news is we now have something to talk about. Before, we haven't been free cash flow positive on a regular basis. We weren't free cash flow positive in the first quarter, so this is a pretty strong quarter for us. We're expecting future quarters to continue to deliver free cash flow. And when that starts to be delivered on a reliable basis, we'll be in a position to be able to consider shareholder distributions.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes. As -- there are a couple of data points we already sprinkled in, which is Canada this year was about $0.03 lower than last year. So we can sort of add that back. And then you've got -- we're expecting Canada in Q3 to be just as sprightly as it was last year, if not a little bit better. So your -- our biggest single swing factor from Q2 to Q3 is Canada, and it's a sizable amount, as is typical, maybe a little bit more this time around.
Peter A. Ragauss: In North America, specifically, we're not modeling any pricing increases. We have been getting -- well, we have been getting some price in the Gulf now for a while just because that's ramped up so quickly and everybody was short on equipment there. But in terms of land, we're not modeling any pricing increases. Pricing has held up in our other product lines, but Pressure Pumping, we're not modeling any pricing increases.
Peter A. Ragauss: It's a little of both. We don't stand still. We've got -- we've picked up some share in various places. We're expecting activity to pick up in a couple places in some new projects. So revenue will contribute to that, but the bulk of it will be rightsizing Brazil, and that will take us through the third quarter to get there. So it's a little bit of revenue help, but it's a lot of just rightsizing the business in Brazil.
