Martin Craighead: Thanks, Kimberly. As Kimberly just mentioned our industry is clearly in the early stages of a down cycle. The same sort of cycle we enter once or twice a decade. As with past cycles, their early days are always marked with a high degree of uncertainty which customers will cut spending and by how much, how fast will rig counts drop and where and when we’re going to reach the bottom? And we don’t have precise answers to all these questions and no one frankly does, but we’ve been through this before and many times infact. What we’ve learned in the past is that when the market turns down, it turns swiftly. In each of the last three downturns dating back to the nineties we seen North American rig counts fall between 40% and 60% in the space of only 12 months. International rigs don’t tend to fall sharply but begin to drop steadily a couple of months after the first signs of weakness appear in North America. We see no reason to believe that this cycle is going to be any different, but we’ve navigated changing market conditions many times, both the down cycle and the eventual upcycle. The coming months are going to be challenging, but Baker Hughes is very well positioned financially and strategically to navigate the near term efficiently. We know that the key to success is to move quickly and decisively and to never lose focus on your customers or your core competency and for Baker Hughes our core is innovation. This industry can’t simply hope and wait for oil to climb back over $100 a barrel, instead we must adapt to a new reality of sustained lower commodity prices. A major element in this new reality will be technology and to that end we are continuing our investment in fundamental research and product development because the customers need for innovative new products is more critical than ever before. Today, our scientists and research engineers are focussed on redefining what is possible and reshaping the limits of the industries three fundamental challenges, lowering the cost of well construction, optimizing well production and increasing ultimate recoveries. We are exploring new uses for recent discoveries in nano technology to reduce the cost of an unconventional well. We are researching new sensors and new metallurgy capable of increasing production from ultra deepwater reservoirs. We launched a breakthrough new chemical product called JETTISON which removes oil from solids in the production stream reducing our customers refining costs and given the outstanding success of ProductionWave that I mentioned in my opening remarks we have greatly accelerated the research and engineering of a new product called LEAP, the same artificial lift concept we unveiled at our analyst conference. This technology has the potential to completely redefine production management in low rate wells and is the latest demonstration of our leadership in production enhancement solutions. These are just a few of the opportunities we’ve been working on and it demonstrates that our strategy transcends market conditions and supports our purpose to enable safe, affordable energy improving people’s lives. Longer term, the outlook for our industry remains strong. The worlds demand for energy will continue to climb and the supply of energy will continue to increase in complexity requiring greater service intensity and more advanced technologies. In the mean time we remain committed to our strategy focussed on execution, dedicated to safe reliable service and relentless in our pursuit of positive outcomes for the coming year. So with that Trey, let’s go ahead and take some questions.
Martin Craighead: Right, okay Jud good morning. Well look, this is – this market is moving pretty quickly. You know we saw the rig count really start to decline in the latter part of Q4 and it’s been picking up a bit of a pace around 50 to 60 rigs a week. And I think the -- you know and it’s like almost any industry the first businesses to feel the most pressure will be your more capital intensive businesses. So in the pressure pumping world, you know we are starting to certainly have some serious discussions with the customers around bringing down the prices and helping them adjust their costs. You know and we look at around 4 to 5 rigs per frac fleet in terms of utilization. So, as those rigs start coming out, you know, there’s going to be some capacity brought on to the market. And there’s no doubt that product line is the first to witness it. And then it will cascade through the others and again I think from your perspective, the more capital intensive, generally the more pressure it’s going to come under first. But in terms of some of other ones, such as artificial lift and chemicals, make up a significant part of our North American portfolio. You know, I fully expect those to be not fully insulted, but more insulted if you will. And on the geographic basis, Gulf of Mexico would be the least to be -- little less to be affected, but some of the other higher cost basins like Bakken, the Mississippi Chat and even the Permian starting to see pressure, Jud.
Martin Craighead: You know, I think – I’d say, yes at this stage, because it do have a – you kind of have a double hit. You have the activity declines and the revenue – decline trails that. But then you do also have an accelerating pricing discussion as well, again, depending on the basin and the product line. So, if you’re trying to model it I’d say that, yes, you might want to get ahead of that curve a little bit. But again, I just want to remind you that from a Baker Hughes portfolio, the breadths that we have and the heavy emphasis on the production side of the business and the customers increasing focus on getting every barrel out, while they are not drilling, plays very well to us and we will strategically use that and muscle that as much as we can to protect our share and our margins at North America.
Martin Craighead: Well, you know, your assumption is absolutely correct. There’s no way we would expect the decrementals to be as severe as they were in that downturn you referenced. And partly, we think it’s a bit of a different market, Jud, you know that was a worldwide economic recession and we saw across the broad customers react and certainly this is setting up to be a tough one. But we also have some customer communities, Middle East as well as some other select NOCs around the world and some possible markets that are going to be more insulted. And so I don’t think it will be as broad brushed. And secondly particularly as it relates to Baker Hughes we were absolutely in the middle, early stages of the geomarket reorganization and it was very difficult to navigate that market turmoil and also execute the reorganization. So, no way would we expect to have anywhere close to those kind of decrementals.
Martin Craighead: I think of the three key deepwater basins, I think the Gulf of Mexico could be most stable. You obviously have a nice risk profile both I think subsurface as well as above the surface if you will. I think our customers are increasingly appreciating that. You know, as well I think the customer mix in the Gulf of Mexico has a little bit more of a steady tendency to it. So, now again, my comments are more related to the more deeper water. The shelf in the Gulf of Mexico is already starting to come under some pressure and I think part of that has associated with the customer mix. The other item I’d highlight as it relates to us, Byron is, our position with the floating capacity, the vessels, and you’re aware of those and we have a very large contract that we secured for a super major in the Gulf multiyear with some pretty nice terms and conditions and I got to take my hat off to the folks who run the Gulf business there. But secondly, the foresight to put a vessel like that is so unique in its capabilities. I think sets us up pretty well going forward whatever turmoil that Gulf should see. But of those three deepwater markets you’ve highlighted I’d tell you in my opinion that the Gulf of Mexico will be the most steady.
Martin Craighead: You know again, the market conditions now withstanding. I agree with you but I’ll still tell you that the other two regions not to take absolutely anything away from the tremendous quarter that MEAP had. But if you look at the turnaround in Latin America and the margins that posted, I don’t expect. Again, the market conditions now withstanding, if we were still in $85, $90 oil which obviously we’re not, but in terms of the resuscitation of that business, I see it very sustainable, as well as ARC with Africa, and you know, again, albeit we have some serious challenges in Russia Caspian, the U.K. section and Continental Europe is really executing whether its drilling or wireline. But to your point, certainly the 13% sequential revenue growth MEAP and some very, very strong margins is a testament to the [Indiscernible] leadership and our position primarily in the Kingdom as well as some of the other Middle Eastern basins. And our Asia-Pacific group has done a really great job with regards to penetrating some key China markets. We have a very nice project in Malaysia that we talked about with PETRONAS that drove some nice numbers this quarter. So, I mean, across the board I think the international business is really, really starting to stand up and it’s a testament to the leaders, so we have running those businesses.
Martin Craighead: Well, that’s a great and difficult question. Jim, I think I would come at it this way. Let me start with this. We have to accept the fact that when your customer community is struggling to produce a healthy return on its capital particularly the IOCs on the international front, its going to pose the challenge for the service community. And our customers have not been doing very well on that front. Secondly, on the other hand, the geological success as some of our key customers have reported over the last couple of quarters, over the last couple of years internationally hasn’t not been great either, so that doesn’t bode well for a increasing from the supply side. So we should eventually see some kind of balancing out of oil prices which will settle the market down, but when it happens and at what price is still very much up in the air and that kind of dictates what is going to mean for us. Again I go to the earlier comments I’ve made, as we sit around the world, this company has never been stronger, whether it’s the talent in place, whether it’s a portfolio, whether it’s the adherence to processes and controls, supply chain infrastructure, roofline whatever it is. So, whatever the market will throw to us over the next couple of years and you’re right on, it’s a very difficult thing to predict. This company is very well positioned to perform better than I think as any time in its history.
Martin Craighead: I think so, absolutely. If you look at the business that we’re doing in Central Africa and the incrementals – we didn’t break that out, but it’s eye-popping, as well as Angola. And Jim, you’ve been with us a long time. You know the trials and tribulations we’ve had in that market. But the job that Alex and his team in Angola are doing in terms of share and margin. Nigeria, in spite of its challenges year-on-year is fantastic. You know, you’ve been to our Norway facility. It’s world-class. It’s right in line with the contract we picked up last year in the drilling and the completions contract which will kick-in later this quarter in early Q2. Brazil, had we not made the infrastructure investments that we’ve made over the last five years. This would be a very different company and this would have been a very different year for us.
Martin Craighead: When you have a winning strategy, you run. And we’ve got some exceptionally cool things in the market, but we’ve got some really exciting and even cooler stuff in the pipeline for 2015, 2016. It’s a competitive weapon and it’s a competitive weapon not just because it’s cool. It’s a competitive weapon because our customers are challenged. Now it’s incumbent upon us to not only develop, but be able to market it successfully. And if you look at the – we put a $1 billion target out there. We delivered a little bit higher than that. That’s again I think its back to the leadership of Belgacem and GPS team, the global product and services to make sure that the products coming to market today are positioned probably as I said the ProductionWave has to have a price point given its mission to disrupt the rod lift business for whatever it is. And you got to have a salesforce that’s in tune and you got to able to make the value proposition. So I don’t see its pulling back at all, I mean we’re not going to have necessarily cash flows of the past couple of years, and we have to be very prudent, but our R&D engineering are at the bottom of the list I can tell you when it comes to a cost adjustments, It’s our core and we protect our core through the cycle.
Martin Craighead: Yes. The customers are having those discussions. So it starts pretty much with your bigger companies with pretty sophisticated procurement groups. But it’s in the early stages and its kind of – its hard to – at this stage while its easy to predict North America which basins, its little hard to say which region is going to be the most under pressure. I think it’s a still little earlier, I think we’ll have better clarity to that in the next quarter’s call, James.
Martin Craighead: Absolutely. But it’s amazing how you can sit here today and have an opinion as where we think that overshoot might be. And as you change the environment your interpretations of what’s possible changes as well. So I don’t for a second believe that any one of us are very good at as you highlighted for 100 years this industry have not done a great job in being able to predict things. And I do get a bit of a feeling if you will that its – I don’t want to say it’s overdone, but I’d say there’s a bit of drama in the marketplace. The abruptness with the drop-off, it’s almost like the self confirming negative bias if you will, right. And so, I don’t know where these prices are going to land. But I do get a sense that it’s got a little bit more drama associated with it and maybe the normal appropriate economics would justify.
Martin Craighead: Yes. That’s would be my take on it. Right now, Scott, I’m tempted to kind of give you a guess, but we’re estimating that -- I have Trey here pointing out some numbers to me, but you know, I’m going to hold my powder dry on this. It’s still a pretty a big crapshoot, okay.
Martin Craighead: Okay. And I’m sure, we call Trey, who will probably give you the numbers, but I’m not going to do it.
Martin Craighead: I appreciate the comparisons that you’ve done over the various cycles. I would tell you this still. These are very, very difficult decisions, Ole. I mean, to us people like you and me have been through this – this is really the crappy part of the job and this is what I hate about this industry frankly is the – these brutal cycles that we have to go through. As to the percentages, this gets back to the earlier discussion. We’re very, very different company in terms of completion. We’re more people intensive than we’ve ever been, a lot of that has associated with the pressure pumping business which is a very people intensive business. So I think I would be cautious about looking at the relative percentages because its – we’re different company in terms of mix than we were in those previous downturns.
Martin Craighead: Yes, David. Let me just also remind you though that – I mean, the whole business doesn’t revolved around, I know, certainly it’s has been impactful to everybody’s numbers, the pressure pumping business, but it’s a multifaceted discussion. To your point on utilization obviously again, that’s around the – again, capital intensive business is like pressure pumping, wireline. But that’s kind of where it stops. So yes, utilization is extremely important next to price in that kind of business, that’s your biggest profit driver. And the discussions with customers they’re still looking for every bit of efficiency that they can achieve. And to the point – to the degree that we can bring a broader solution to the problems whether it’s the drilling and the completions and formation evaluation and all the way through the production cycle, we’re going to continue to do that for the purpose of keeping everything active. But as I’ve said earlier, four to five rigs per frac fleet is generally depending on the basin, what we see. And there’s no doubt as the quarters unfold here you’re going to see a capacity getting stacked, because it just doesn’t make any sense to keep it running. So, I don’t know if that answers your question, but that’s about the best I can do it.
Martin Craighead: No. We’re – if you will though, leading that conversation a bit to say, you know, let’s talk about bringing in a production solution for you in addition to the drilling and completions. So we’re purposely broadening the discussion as an offensive part of our marketing strategy. But you clearly correct, it’s the most defensive – it’s not even little bit overshadowed by our chemical business which is almost entirely an OpEx issue for our customers and not a CapEx issue.
Martin Craighead: You’re thinking correct. I mean, you just not going to get there and take your hats off to any customer, they’re going to obviously try to get as much as they can and there’ll be a point where just doesn’t make any sense. And like I say we’ll make those tough decisions. But obviously we have – we value the relationships we have with our partners in our supply chain and we’re working with them to help us to get some relief. And there is wiggle room in all those discussions as there is with us and our customers. But we’re working closely, it is what interdependence is all about with our customers to make sure that we’re aligned and we’re working to lower their cost, but at the same time what’s right for our business is first and foremost in my mind and we want to make sure that we do the right thing on behalf of Baker Hughes.
Martin Craighead: And David, let me just reiterate as Kimberley highlighted this before. You know this is – these are very very difficult called -- sorry these are very difficult challenges. And it’s – I know that’s what you know you guys focus on, it’s what the media focuses on but there is a lot of other costs in these companies our size that also gets extracted. So a lot of spending in areas that you know they were the first to go, and the very last to go are the people that worked for Baker Hughes. But you know like I said this is the industry and it’s thrown us another one of these downturns and we’re going to be good storage of our business and do the right thing, but these are never decisions that are done mechanically.
Martin Craighead: Well frankly I think our folks did a tremendous job in boosting our share position in what’s you know seasonal business. So I think our results were a bit outsized and that’s just you know our guys reach dug deep and really delivered. The second thing though is so while I give them credit, I also tell you that you know when you sell on the shiniest car on the lot sometimes that makes things a bit easier too, and if you look at it again the portfolio of products that we are bringing to the market and the appetite for the customers particularly in the eastern hemisphere to buy these going into the year end, I think it speaks volumes for what we are putting out there. So, as to its indication of the customers appetite I think it’s still too early to tell, Brad it’s still too early to tell. You know we just have to watch all segments of the business and like I said quarter by quarter we’ll get a better feel for what the year looks like once all of our customers report later this quarter early into next quarter.
Kimberly Ross: And if I could just add to that, you know, I mentioned in my opening remarks there about the fact that we will be working on cost reductions. So obviously we can’t fully offset any topline decline, but we will be working on trying to mitigate the impact as we rightsize the cost structure for the organization.
Kimberly Ross: If I could just add just one thing, if we drill in a little bit looking specifically Q4 to Q1 though, I just want to highlight that there were very strong product sales in MEAP in Q4, that don’t repeat into Q1.
Kimberly Ross: And just to add to that, you know, we obviously need to be very nimble during these times. And as we’ve gone through and look at where we’re going to be cutting costs, we have tried to be surgical in some areas to make sure, for example, Martin talked a bit about technology and making sure that we’re continuing to invest in those areas and really identifying areas where would we potentially need to cut more or where would we – where would be the first areas where we would add back resources if we see things turning on topline. So being nimble I think it’s going to be key and being surgical during this time and that’s how we’re approaching it.
Kimberly Ross: And if I can just add to that also, the cost reduction is not just about positions that will be reduced, but we’re looking across the board. So both direct and indirect costs, discretionary spending, consultant’s travel services, we’re working with our vendors with regards to pricing. So I think just looking at positions as a percentage is really just one piece of the equation. There are other costs that we will be having a go at really everything across the board we’ll be looking at in the organization.
Kimberly Ross: So, I wouldn’t say there are that many loss-making contracts that will be rolling over. What I will say in general obviously there is a lack of clarity with regards to being able to predict what’s going to happen in the marketplace. So, we’re looking at this day by day and everyday we get more information. Many of our customers have not even provided their CapEx numbers yet. What we have seen so far if we look at North America specifically on the rig count, it very much is trailing. The rig count declines of 2009, but obviously we can see some changes versus what happened in 2009. I’ll remind you that quarter one tends to be a seasonal low point. I also mentioned in my comments that with regards to Canada we expected to be flat, which is slightly different than what we’ve seen in the past. So, obviously we’ve talked about the fact that we do expect to see some pressure on the topline. With that said, there are many things that we put in place with regards to some of the efficiencies, the utilizations, supply chain, and other things that will help offset some of that, but clearly not fully mitigate changes that we’ll see coming through in the marketplace.
Kimberly Ross: No. We’re not going to give you anything additional there. I really don’t think that would be helpful quite frankly if I gave you something and they were wrong. That doesn’t really help you. There’s a lot of uncertainty right now still on what’s taking place in this dynamic market, so I’m just not sure that we can give you something that would be helpful.
Kimberly Ross: So, the way we gone through the process is we’ve put together some estimates of what we would expect would happen in the activity as well as in pricing our topline and then working towards reductions to meet that priced [ph] business. When we say quarter by quarter we are getting new information every day, we’ll get more information and more clarity as we go through the quarters and to my point that we need to be nimble we’ll continuously be looking at this to make sure that we’re right sizing the workforce in line with what activity and pricing we are seeing in the market. So you know this is a fluid discussion, it’s not something that we say okay, we’ve taken this action and that’s it, that’s not it. We will continue to make sure that we are monitoring the activity level so we can flex up and down as quickly as possible to meet the needs of the business.
