Brian Worrell: Yes. James, look, you’re right. There’s been a lot about Russia over the last couple of years. And just to frame it up for you, when I step back and take a look at the full year, there is going to be some impact on operations, obviously, due to the disruption and the suspension of our operations, but also just as you point out just managing through this and the time commitment from dealing with the complexities of the current environment. So at the beginning of the year, we were expecting around $300 million of EBITDA for Russia this year. And our Russian operations are generally quite accretive to our overall mix, really due to the risk premium of operating there, as well as some business mix primarily in TPS services, as well as in some OFS product lines. And look, we did generate some level of this EBITDA in first quarter and quite a bit less in the second quarter. So when I think through the rest of the year, OFS is the largest product line that we have in Russian. And we will see cost under absorption there with virtually no revenue generation, roughly about $25 million to $30 million per quarter that will remain in place until we get resolution of a transaction, whether it’s an outright sale or a management buyout. Look, we’re continuing to work that. And James we’re working hard on things that are in our control and trying to those done quickly. Some of it’s out of our control. So for planning purposes, I’m thinking by the end of the year that should be done. We’ll try to get it done sooner if we can. But I will point out that Maria Claudia and the team have been able to offset some of the negative impacts from Russia in other areas across the world. And so, they’ve done a nice job there and really their overall outlook hasn’t changed versus our first quarter earnings call. So offsetting a lot of that Russia impact in other parts of the world. The biggest negative impact for Russia this year is likely in OFE where some of the contracts that were quite profitable and sizable have now come out of the backlog. And as you know, it takes time to get cost out of the business to be able to deal with that. So that’s where you’ll see the biggest impact. And then TPS, like I talked about earlier, you’ll see some revenue impact there, but roughly margin impact is de minimis. You might see some movement across quarters in terms of timing of how things were laid out, but generally no real impact there. And so like I’ve said earlier, short-term discontinuity, long-term manageable for Russia. And then James, just kind of to round out the year for you as you’re thinking through it, while it’s not direct – it’s not directly related, FX is obviously being impacted by what’s going on in Russia and the overall macro environment. And I’d say it’s worth highlighting that with the weakness in the euro versus the dollar relative to our original plan, we’ll have about $200 million to $300 million of revenue pressure. To be clear, our costs are coming down as well. But the actual translation of income from euro to dollar is going to be slightly lower. So that kind of rounds out how we’re thinking about Russia and the full year there. So like I said, manageable over the long-term.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Hey, Chase, on the financial side, I’d say it’s probably – it would be a bit premature for me to give you a range at this point in time. There’s definitely opportunity there, and we see synergies. We’re still working through that. I feel good about where we are and what we’ll be able to drive there. I talked about earlier some more synergies with OFE and OFS as we look to make OFE more profitable. So look, we’ll update you guys when we feel like we’ve got a solid number that we can talk to you about.
Brian Worrell: Yeah. And Chase, I’d say the one other thing that we’ve been working on for quite sometimes, it’s not like we’ve just started today, is we’ve been working with our supply base and we’ve actually shifted some supply out of Europe for energy intensive in supply like castings and forgings and where we still have that supply in Europe. We are working with the supply base to make sure we understand what risk is there. And I have to give kudos to the supply chain team for working through that for the last few quarters.
Brian Worrell: Yeah. The biggest thing we have going on in DS right now, that’s preventing us to be at the levels that of conversion that we would normally be is really around chip and component shortages. So that’s really impacting convertibility of the backlog and negatively impacting delivery schedules, as well as our ability to drive more productivity with more volume flowing through the business. We did see a little bit of pressure from cost inflation as well as a little bit of labor inflation, but we’ve been pushing through pricing increases to offset those pressures. And if I take a step back and look at what’s happening with the chip and component shortages, we’ve been working this for some time and our on-time delivery rate particularly in Nevada to our customers have – we think after [ph] this quarter but to give you perspective Arun, right now, we’re sitting at 60% on-time delivery from our suppliers of electronics and chips to us. And it’s been stable at that 60% for some time. The problem is the P80 confidence interval, as in terms of the lateness is more than doubled from third quarter of last year from 11 days to 25 days. So on top of that lead times have gone up by two and a half times. So planning and working through that volatility is really what’s been pushing the team a bit in terms of things being laid into the factory. We’ve been running engineering programs for redesigns. We’ve got projects and programs in place right now that are going through testing that should come out of testing and all indications are pretty good that will come through in August. So we’re anticipating the convertibility and on-time delivery of us to our customers going up here, but fundamentally that’s what the core issue is in DS. And once we are through that, you’ll see the profitability of this business improve because it’s at higher gross margins. So team is all over it. Working it a lot, we’re just in the mix of what’s going on in the broader industry here. And I’d say working everything we can in our control. The good news as you point out is demand is pretty strong. Orders are back up to high levels. We’re not seeing any cancellations. Customers really want the product and services. So everybody is on deck to work the supply chain issues with the electronics.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Marc look, your math is certainly in the right ballpark for what we see as a potential for fourth quarter. I’d say a couple of things. That underpin our view of the quarter one, OFS is quite strong even with the Russia implications you saw the performance in the quarter was pretty solid. We see pretty strong growth there, especially internationally where we’ve got obviously a pretty good presence and have been doing well there over the last few quarters, look. And the other thing I would say is TPS generally has a very strong fourth quarter just given the seasonality of that business particularly in the services franchise. And then if you look at the backlog, the schedules that are there with customers, how things are lining up, we’ve been growing backlog and I don’t see any execution issues there or any significant issues coming from customers that would impact that delivery schedule today. And look, those things really offset the weakness really in OFE because of the Russia contracts being suspended and coming out of RPO. So look, we understand what’s got to happen. The teams are aligned to get it done, but it’s not outside the realm of what we’ve seen before in terms of the jump in fourth quarter.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Marc, again, it basically comes down to the mix between equipment and services. You’re right. You’d usually do see an uptick in fourth quarter because of the services mix coming in strong, just given the timing of what was laid out from a schedule in the backlog. And then some of the pushes that have come out of this quarter into later in the year, we are anticipating a pretty large equipment number in the fourth quarter that will mitigate some of that upside that you see from a stronger services, so it really ultimately will come down to the mix of equipment and services. And look as we talk with you guys before about, we really run those businesses that drive higher profitability in both, and the ultimate margin rate in any given quarter really just comes down to the mix of how much services come through versus equipment.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Look, I think talking specifically about chips first; I haven’t seen a lot of relief yet as we talked about here in terms of what was going on with late deliveries. But we do believe based on what our suppliers are telling us and how we’re working with them and what we’re hearing from others that we should start to see some relief in the second half. A lot of that’s driven by these programs that I’ve talked to you about where we’ve changed supply and standardized some things, so there’s more availability and would anticipate a better overall environment in this space in 2023. When I look at sort of your question around broader supply chain and really not only in DS, but outside of DS things have been relatively stable. But there’s definitely some tension in the system in a couple places. I’d say that the biggest challenge for us continues to be in chemicals where we’re seeing shortages in specialty chemicals. Commodity chemicals are pretty stable now and I’d say almost back to normal in terms of how we’re planning and operating there. You continue to see pricing for metals like copper, steel, nickel stabilizing and some have actually gone down, but are still elevated versus 2021 but manageable, and look we’ve been working twice hard to make sure we can offset that. And then I talked a little bit about what was going on in Europe with energy pricing and some availability around alloys and pig iron, and how we’ve been diversifying supply based there? And I’d say the big thing we’re working through there Scott is just really around lead times. And validity of quotes from suppliers as we’ve got all these orders coming in or specking out orders for TPS, we want to make sure that we’re protected on that input cost side. So we’ve tightened our order validity as well to deal with that. And as I said, we’ve moved some supply to other parts of the world where we already had supplier set up and we’ve worked with for a long time, but diversifying that to get at some of those impacts. So stabilizing I think is the right term there and just back to the chips, we’re – we think we’ll see some relief in the second half, but looking forward to a better 2023.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Scott, just to add one thing on the contractual services side; you have to remember the guarantees that we have in place and the bonus/malice structure. The changes in schedule really have to happen within a certain window especially around like limited parts and inspections and things for those guarantees to continue to hold. So yes, while prices are high, and you’re going to have to have some outages, it’s definitely the right risk call to make sure the equipment is maintained and is running because, again an unplanned outage is much worse than a planned outage. So look, we work proactively with customers on those schedules, but we haven’t seen any significant movements there. And it’s – the contracts are pretty good from that regard.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Neil, I’d say first on capital allocation. Look, our intention to return 60% to 80% of our free cash flow back to shareholders through dividends and buybacks is unchanged. And during the first six months of the year, we have bought back $462 million of our shares, so roughly about $75 per month. We talked about what the average price was. It did VWAP in the quarter. So happy about that. And I would say that we’ll probably continue roughly at the same level that you’ve seen here in the third quarter as the final tranche of the GE sell down happens. And then as we’ve said consistently, we’ll – once that is done, we’ll take a step back and relook things. For free cash flow, we talked about the impact of Russia in the quarter, but fundamentally, no real change to the free cash flow generation capabilities of the portfolio. So again, I see this as a short-term discontinuity, something that we can manage through long-term. So no real change there from a capital allocation standpoint. And then look, in terms of the company and how we’re structured, we talked about some of the steps that we have taken to better align the businesses and drive some of the synergies there. As I said, we’re working through that, and I’ll update you on those synergies that we see from some closer alignment. But look, we’ve always talked about the scale and size of the combined organization and how that’s a positive for growth and profitability. The current environment that we’re operating in certainly makes us appreciate the scale, diversity and financial strength of the company. So look, we’ll continue to weigh the benefits around scale with our customers, the same customer base, technology overlaps that drive a better cost or competitive position and obviously, the operational benefits of sharing infrastructure around the world and what that delivers for the company with the potential benefits of a more purely focused entity. But right now, I’d say we like what we’re doing. We’ll continue to update you guys if there are any changes in our thought process. But look, overall, and like I’ve said many times, overall return and ability to drive return on invested capital and higher margins and free cash flow for shareholders is what’s going to drive the decision.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, James. And again, as you say, and based on our conversations with our customers, internationally, we continue to expect a broad-based recovery, all major geographies really growing and growing up to double digits. As we look at Middle East, that could be one of the strongest markets in 2022 with a lot of that coming through in the second half, as we stated before. You’ve seen their capital budgets increase. We also see strength in Latin America led likely by Brazil and Mexico. And then also, as we look at North Sea and Asia Pacific continuing to see solid growth in 2022, not as strong as Middle East or Latin America, but still solid growth. And lastly, West Africa should see pretty good growth off a low base. As you look at North America, again, activity and pricing remained strong, the rig count continuing to track above our expectations. And we expect continued activity increases with the broader market sector experience strong growth of 50% or greater. So again, as you look at the rest of 2022, barring any, again, big changes from a recessionary outlook perspective, we remain constructive.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, sure, Chase. And as we think about when we formed the company back in 2017, running it across four product companies made the most sense based on the size of each business, the outlook at the time. As you know, the business has run relatively independently of each other with separate leadership and other supporting functions, finance, communications, technology. As we’ve evolved, the energy markets have evolved also, and the outlook for some of the businesses have changed quite a bit. And so we think that there’s the opportunity to manage them differently as well. And as you’ve seen over the years, we’ve made a couple of divestments, made some of them smaller. And so we conducted a broader portfolio review that could lead to some further changes. And as a result, we think there are multiple ways we can drive more alignment between TPS and DS as well as OFS and OFE that can drive synergies between the businesses. Also, you’ll recall that last year, we started saying we were evaluating our corporate structure across the two broad business areas of IET and OFSE. And we’ve been conducting an exhaustive and deep analysis. So as part of this exercise, we’ve been looking at a number of organizational structures that could make sense. So in summary, we’ve got several things that we’re evaluating. We think there are synergies as we go forward to drive better productivity and efficiencies across the organization, and we know what needs to be done.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, Chase and I’ll cover both of them as we go through this, because generally we don’t see a major risk to operations imminently but we’re continuing to monitor the situation carefully and also putting in place contingencies in the event of disruptions or power outages to facilities. Most importantly, we use most of the gas within our TPS business through the string test. We’ve got a number of those scheduled during the winter, and we’re looking at ways to proactively manage that. I think it’s important to remember that we are considered a critical industry and as the designation we had during the pandemic period will be protected in the event of any gas shortages and so we feel that we’ve got enough contingency in place as we go forward. And it shouldn’t be a major factor.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, definitely Arun. And look as you think about the leading edge indicators for LNG they remain extremely positive. And based on our conversations with customers, the pipeline of opportunities has continued to grow since the first quarter call. If you look at overall growth in projects, we are seeing a notable trend towards modular LNG designs, as well as fast LNG concepts. And given the success that we’ve demonstrated with Venture Global and the speed to market of the modular designs, this presents a growing opportunity. I think, as you look at other indicators just look at the activity on long-term supply agreements. I mentioned in the prepared remarks that we’ve seen over 35 MTPA contracted under long-term agreements so far this year, and that’s three times greater than the average for the entire year going back to 2015. Another good data point Conoco agreeing to an investment in Port Arthur which again reflects the attractiveness of LNG from a long-term perspective, so overall we still feel comfortable with the 100 MTPA to 150 MTPA of FIDs over the course of next two years and also continuing FID activity in 2024, 2025. Just to frame it up this year, so far we’ve already booked 27 MTPA with the awards of VG Plaquemines, Cheniere, Corpus Christi Stage 3 and also some other small award for NFE. So for the year, feel good about the $8 billion to $9 billion of orders for TPSs and also looking out into 2023. Again, consistent with what we said before, feel good about $8 billion to $9 billion of orders for TPS.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Definitely and again on the contractual side, again we’re seeing the anticipation of the outages and customers continuing with the contractual side. On transactional services customers are looking to defer the maintenance as you say to produce at the higher commodity prices. That’s just being the further and they will have to catch up so that comes in later on. And again as you go through the actual cycle, you’d see that normalizing itself.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks, and thanks to everyone for joining our earnings call today. Just before we end, I want to leave you with some closing thoughts. Despite some of the challenges this quarter, we continue to remain optimistic on the outlook across both of our core business areas given the need for energy, sustainability, security and affordability. At Baker Hughes, we continue to execute on our long-term strategy. Our portfolio is well positioned to benefit from a strong LNG cycle and a multiyear upstream spending cycle. We’ll also continue to invest in our new energy transition activities and industrial initiatives while also returning 60% to 80% of free cash flow to shareholders. So thanks a lot for the time, and look forward to speaking to you all again soon. Operator, you may close the call.
