Peter A. Ragauss: Well, this is Peter. I'll answer first and maybe Martin can supplement that. But we think the Gaum is going to progress nicely. We've got good share positions there. We've had a 30% increase in revenues last year, and that -- and revenue should continue to move forward in the Gaum. Canada, of course, bounces around with seasonality, should be up in Q1, should be down sharply in Q2, and the second half looks like second half of last year. So that leaves you with 2 other variables, which are the pressure pumping business in U.S. land and our other product lines in U.S. land. And other product lines seem to be holding up in U.S. land, haven't had much pricing pressure there yet, so that's been pretty good. And we expect the rig count to continue to improve throughout the year, so those product lines right now look like they're pretty stable and pretty good. And I think the big variable is what happens in pressure pumping, whether or not pricing continues to decline and outpaces our cost savings. We are expecting guar cost to improve further into Q1, and they did improve in Q4, so that's good. But pricing's been pretty much eating up those savings in recent quarters, so that's the big volatility, and we're not going to try to make a call on that right now.
Peter A. Ragauss: Oh no, it was better than that. I would say much of the sequential improvement in revenues internationally was year-end product sales, and it's pretty much spread across the 3 regions, pretty strong, I think we said in our remarks in Africa and Russia, strong in Asia Pacific and strong in Latin America. So therefore, we would expect that to reverse out into Q1.
Peter A. Ragauss: And Kurt, let me add, we expect our Middle East, Asia-Pacific region to sort of grow the most in terms of revenues and grow the most in terms of margin and much of that is driven by Iraq for the revenue improvement and very high incrementals from here. And so -- and that plays into it, and of course, Saudi also plays into that Middle East equation, too. So let's not forget about Saudi, but Iraq and Saudi will -- we expect to drive very handsome returns by the end of the year.
Peter A. Ragauss: I can't, because we never specified the number, but it's a couple of hundred basis points certainly of margin.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, that's probably quarter-to-quarter, so that's -- it's even greater than that if you think about high point to low point.
Peter A. Ragauss: I'm talking about that particular product line. I'm not talking about North American margins general.
Peter A. Ragauss: And let me just add. We've talked about rig efficiency even though the rig counts go down year-over-year. It's going up from here, and we expect rig efficiency to improve, so you still see some improvement in well count. And so yes, we are predicting the number of stages going up this year, so that's probably good for everybody and good for us differentially.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, absolutely and the continuing improvements in some of the other cost categories. Yes, they certainly can. Utilization plays a big role outside of pricing. Utilization can affect your margins just as powerfully as pricing can.
Peter A. Ragauss: Let me give that a try. Almost half of our CapEx in 2012 was North America. We since dropped that to about 1/3. Our infrastructure spend is gone down a bit, but our rental tool CapEx, as we said, is about flat. And we're operating at record levels internationally. We're operating at the very high levels on U.S. land still for the -- our traditional production lines, which is in rental tools, and so we've got to keep that rental tool spend up. And so that rental tool spend hasn't shifted much really between North America and international. It's just the -- a lot of the pressure pumping investment has declined, and a lot of infrastructure spend is behind us now.
Peter A. Ragauss: We intend to maintain pretty decent margins there. The rig count actually in Latin America is going up, all -- everywhere just about. It's just we're talking about specifically a difference in share in Brazil. That would be going down, we think, for us, and so we think we can make it up elsewhere. So we're not talking about drastic declines in revenue, certainly because we can make it up elsewhere. And we think we can keep margins sort of flattish from here by offsetting some of that Brazil share loss with gains elsewhere so...
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, this is Peter. It's a continuous process, and it didn't contribute much, I think, in 2012. I think there's a little bit more emphasis on it in 2013, and we're counting on some of that to happen perhaps more in 2013 than what occurred in 2012.
Peter A. Ragauss: Certainly, Canada, we would expect to improve. You saw -- you see the rig count week by week getting much stronger, so Canada should get its -- a traditional increase. Gulf of Mexico, not much help necessarily into Q1 for us. International, certainly down, and I think the big question mark is pressure pumping and whether or not we're going to get our utilization up in Q1, and I'm not going to call that for you.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, we do expect the -- as Peter said, the rig count to improve from here on out slightly, more towards the back half of the year than the early part. And -- but on a year-on-year average, it's down. And in terms of the pricing, we have been and continue to be probably still a little bit more exposed to the spot market and that price environment is continuing to weaken. It's not -- I don't think it's found bottom yet. I think it's a tough thing to call. The flip-side of that is we're -- I don't think we have as much price decline opportunity versus, let's say, in operator or service company that's got still a -- more of a contract mix. So with the year-on-year decline in the rigs, a little bit more pricing softness in that particular product line, it's -- as Peter said, it's a little difficult to say exactly where it's going to end up.
Martin S. Craighead: Kurt, this is Martin. I'm not going to get specific on the basis point impact. I can tell you that, obviously, it's still a drag on the margin. As we said, it's going to continue to be. We're still experiencing some issues with regards to the mobilization and the startup there. A lot of those issues, frankly, are just us on the learning curve, but a lot of them continue to be associated with the difficulty in the lack of transparency with regards to institutional responsibilities and bureaucracy and so forth. Now I'll tell you this, that a lot of issues that we have control over are improving pretty rapidly, and that's being driven by, again, moving up the learning curve. And on the other hand, some of the issues, I think, you're not just hearing it from us with regards to operating there. It's still challenged. But I'll tell you that, we -- as I said, we finished with 7 rigs there. We should probably be mobilizing 2 to 3 more rigs in this quarter, and we expect it will be providing additional EPS for the Middle East region. I mean, So that's the outlook right now.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, Mike, I can't -- I don't want to quantify by product line in a specific region. I can tell you, as Peter said in his remarks, the non-pressure pumping business for Baker Hughes are -- some of them setting records and just excelling. They're doing fantastic. And this particular product line and the pressure pumping has made tremendous headway, but these headwinds on pricing, it's not over yet. And I just -- it's going to be a drag on the overall North America margin for all of '13 easily. But I think, as you asked in the first part of your question there, at any given point, wherever it maybe in terms of market pricing, we will be better than we were before just given the way we're running the business today around the supply chain, as well as around the efficiency and the type of customers we have where we can have a number of 24-hour fleets that we have now. So walking forward, our -- that particular business, I believe, will perform differentially favorably for us than it will for the market.
Martin S. Craighead: Structure of the agreement. The answer to your last part is yes. It's a fully -- no barriers between the 2 organizations in terms of cooperating on behalf of the customer. I'd say that it depends on the customer, which one is more evolved in understanding the reservoir, where they're at in it and how sophisticated they are. But as we said on previous calls, Mike, there is a reinjection of technology into the North American operator culture. There's -- it's -- I'd -- I think as one of our guys termed it, the stage wars are ending. It's now about efficiency and being smart, and I think you're going to see a separation in the customer community as well to the ones that are able to capitalize on, embracing technology and applying it. And you can't be smart about the reservoir if you don't have a seismic component. There is no reservoir understanding without a seismic understanding. And we like what we have with CGG and their recent alignment with Fugro, and their own Hampson and Russell capabilities matched up with our geomechanical and petrophysical capabilities is really helping. I can tell you that we have a waterfall of opportunities since this has been announced, and frankly, we're just trying to sort out the best opportunities and digest them but if the market is ready for this type of hookup.
Martin S. Craighead: That's the South part of the kingdom that's called the Jafora basin. It's primarily, as you know, Jim, they call it unconventional there, but it's really, really tight. There is some shale reservoirs. This isn't particularly that, but it will have a lot of the same characteristics of the unconventional. You remember back in February, we had a opening of the unconventional research center in the kingdom. We have now dozens of people working there, as well as embedded in Saudi Aramco, both reservoir people, as well as engineers and so forth. And that frac fleet will go to work hopefully by the end of the quarter. It's kind of being commissioned right now. And the projects, the relationship with Aramco is very good in terms of defining where the wells should be, what kind of wells they should be. We're starting off with just some stratigraphic and delineation wells. But I think you've heard about the rig count expansion that's going to occur in Saudi, and it's a lot of exploration, a lot of just to keep their oil production up or get it up to that 12 million barrels a day, and a large part of it's going to be in this gas area.
Martin S. Craighead: It -- I would assume that they probably are, but I'm not aware of any particular company moving in there, Jim, sorry.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, I think it's a continuation of -- if you remember, when Chad got here, we recognized the gap we had in understanding the reservoir and yes, whether it was geomechanics international, whether it was RDS, whether it was Gaffney Cline, we've consolidated a pretty strong organization. We're not done. We're going to muscle up that organization more, but also, as I said in my prepared remarks, we're going to increase our spending on R&D because the global customer community, in light of what you're saying, Jim, as ever for -- their appetite's even more ferocious than it's ever been about having the right products to get the job done, and that's because their job is getting a lot tougher to get those reserves. So it plays right into our wheelhouse, and we're going to keep -- we're going to stay the course.
Martin S. Craighead: No, we don't furlough anymore. As we said, we have a certain percentage of our fleets that's cold stacked. We've actually seen our utilization improve from Q4 into these first few weeks of Q1. We're winning a lot of good work. It's the type of work with the right customers, and what I mean by that is they're near our centers of -- our new R&M centers, and they have a portfolio of rigs and -- that they're able to keep our fleets going 24 hours. So no, I expect -- in fact, our forecast shows more and more stages going throughout the -- 2013, and those are share gains. And we're happy with the work we're winning, I can tell you.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes. And let me just add that this -- it doesn't mean that our pressure pumping business is being starved dramatically. There's still a great cementing business there, and the market's expanding for that and the coil market. And there are still, frankly, some stimulation equipment going in to improve our efficiencies in terms of sand kings and some new blender designs and so forth. But in terms of raw horsepower, that's the most dramatic drop, as you would expect, in the CapEx.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, we are. We're taking a pretty tough line on certain businesses, either they got to be improved or they got to be exited, and we started that in '12, and we're going to continue on that. And that's just prudent capital discipline and margin discipline. And I just think that's just the way to operate a business relative to, I think, once we did the whole geomarket thing, it was about growth. And we're not giving up on growth, but we're going to take a harder line on returns.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, Jud, this is Martin. Let me -- as Peter, I think, highlighted in his prepared comments, we had some record performance in -- across the world, and I can tell you that, particularly, that was led by, well, smaller Russia Caspian, did exceptionally well in the fourth quarter, and I think some nice contract awards are going to be underway there. In Africa, on all corners, putting North Africa aside right now with the chaos that's unfolding there, but East Africa and our position in Mozambique, our new facilities in Pemba and customers moving in there and some contract awards and of course, our strength in Nigeria and Angola and the Ivory Coast. So I think Africa will lead and compete with Russia Caspian in terms of the specific regional growth there. And then Europe is a massive business force and just a lot of numbers, it's going to be hard to move the needle, but we're in the process of mobilizing on those additional rigs in Norway. And it's such a technology-driven basin, and with some of the products, the steerable drilling liner that I mentioned and some other things, it's -- I wouldn't count out the ability of Norway, in particular, to add some real numbers in 2013. But it's already so big, so in terms of differential, it's not going to be like Africa or Russia Caspian.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes and no. It's a process. It's a -- I wouldn't want to make -- I wouldn't want you to think that this is some kind of new or I -- it's just the way we're going to run the business. You have to make money or it has to be very clear when you're going to make money or there's no reason to be doing it. We have that same outlook on places as high profile as Iraq. We have a line of sight into where it's going to contribute, and if we can't, it's -- it doesn't make the cut. And we have to take some -- we have to make some decisions. And I think, in response to the earlier question, the way that we emerged out of our reorganization, it just takes time to sort out to see where -- which ones aren't going to make the cut, and only a few years into it, so I -- but I'm not going to be any more specific on that for obvious competitive reasons. But it's part of our mission to get our quality of earnings up and remain disciplined. So I don't want you to make it sound like it's a whole new way of operating or wave here. It's just that we're just going to continue to bring discipline to the numbers.
Martin S. Craighead: We like our position there, and the permit situation that challenged the service sector over the last couple of quarters seems to be abating. There's been some nice geological success on part of a couple of the customers, got a real professional state oil company there. And so I think '13 will be much better than it was in '12 given some of those bureaucratic things behind us.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes. Well, Doug, look, it's -- I'd say that we're probably at second base with regards to the opportunity around running that business more effectively and efficiently in light of how the markets evolve these unconventionals because as we've learned and as you guys know, logistics is a big driver and the efficiency behind that. So we've made great progress in freight, supply chain in general, which drives the utilization. The staffing numbers, we expect a lot more in terms of stages, but yet, we don't see the headcount going up anywhere near what it would have been under the way the business used to be run frankly. The leadership team that's been injected into that product line is first class. They know the customers. They know how to make money in the business. We're making the right decisions. So -- but the biggest impact and the one that takes the longest because you don't have complete control over it is the customer mix. You got for the wait for the contracts to come up. You got to wait for them to roll. You got to have a facility nearby, and I really like our win rate. I'm not going to comment on it explicitly and give you any kind of numbers, but I am really happy with the type of work, who customers are, where it's at, what the pricing is. And like I say, because we're probably on second base, we got a lot more opportunity through '13 and '14. And then any favorability in terms of pricing, should that occur, will be more impactful, I think, versus the less efficient way we were running the business before.
Martin S. Craighead: We made meaningful improvement in '12, which just got tidal waved out because of the pricing situation. And I think we can make meaningful improvement in '13 and '14. Now we don't as many low-hanging fruits as we had in the early stages of, if you remember, Q2 and Q3 of last year, but the numbers, potentials are still there. It just may take a little bit longer to roll out through '13 and into '14.
