Peter A. Ragauss: That sounds pretty high, Bill. We wouldn't be thinking that much. We're not going to give you specific guidance on North America margins in terms of basis points this time because we do have -- there is a lot of volatility. And I think the volatility's almost getting harder and harder to predict. So -- but that sounds too high.
Peter A. Ragauss: Well, I'm not going to -- again, I'm not going to give you a range. But you've been pushing us on the high side here. So I think it's...
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, this is Peter. I think we've seen a lot of cuts in CapEx. And I think people have cut, and I know in our case, we're cutting as much as we can and still maintain our supply relationships. We still got some kit rolling off in Q2 and Q3 that was pre-committed, and that's about it. And I suspect many others are seeing the same sort of action. So we think it stabilizes pretty quickly from here.
Peter A. Ragauss: Well, we expected a stronger pickup in Q1. And we just didn't get there. So to meet our original forecast is quite a stretch from now. So it's really -- we just didn't see it materialize in Q1. So we had to adjust it down by that difference.
Peter A. Ragauss: Well, we gave you all the issues that drove it down 200 basis points. So ex those issues, it would have been up 200 basis points.
Peter A. Ragauss: And don't forget Canada was a little softer than we expected. We lost -- we had a customer shut down early, and we had an early spring breakup. So that affected the quarter, too. So, it wasn't all just Pressure Pumping. I mean it affected our entire Canadian business.
Peter A. Ragauss: And let me just add and give kudos to our African team. Two years ago, they were looking at the abyss. I mean they -- we were losing money, the market collapsed and now they've got world-class margins in that region this quarter. It's really quite a turnaround, quite a success story. And just shows you, first of all, we're in a volatile business. But second of all, we have the technology that drove us from there to here. And a lot of this is technology driven, and it's applied in Africa, which was a pretty volatile market. But it really posted an -- amazing numbers this quarter.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, the usual. It's the usual sort of seasonal down from Q4 and EMP budgets usually don't really get into gear until Q2, Q3. So it's typical ramp-up.
Peter A. Ragauss: We're pretty optimistic on -- first of all, we're optimistic on our international margins overall. And we said we should end the year higher than we ended the last year. And I think all the regions should do well from here equally, with the exception of EARC Europe, Africa, Russia Caspian, in the second quarter. So we would anticipate the mob [ph] cost there to dissipate pretty quickly. I mean, we've got a lot of revenue in the quarter, which was pretty much eaten up by mob [ph] cost. But we should start seeing a good pickup in Iraq in Q2 and really hit full stride in Q3.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, it's about right. I think it will -- we talked about them dropping back a little bit. And if they drop back a little bit, that's what they'll look like.
Martin S. Craighead: I'd say that's absolutely. And it's not just that component. As I highlighted in the comments, Bill, the Gulf of Mexico is coming back well. Now, it's not, obviously, as significant of a EPS contributor. But it's not been -- the contributor it's been in pre-moratorium. And it's now coming back strongly. So that, in addition, will help the second half of the year.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes. And we don't depend on crossed fingers. I'd say that -- pretty good. I have high confidence in that.
Martin S. Craighead: All right. Hey, David, let me see if I understand your question. So you want to -- in terms of the biggest contributors to the challenge before we talk about improving them, it would probably have been the utilization on 2 fronts: the personnel side and the personnel costs, which as I said, we took, I think pretty swift action and have addressed that. Then the utilization would be of the hardware, would be the second follow-up in terms of that margin compression as we have the dislocation. And I think we struggled maybe a bit more with moving the fleets not from a competency perspective as much as just didn't have the infrastructure in place to move them to places. And then following close on the heels of that would be the supply chain challenges in the myriad of issues there, whether it's trucking, whether it's access to material, modeling and so forth. So to flip it around now, talk about how this rolls out. And I'm glad you asked the question because this isn't only a 2012 story. I mean there's improvement to go beyond into '13, and we're already looking at what those actions are. We've made very good progress, as I said, on the people front. We've made, I think, excellent progress in the securing of the materials, whether it's sand. We have no concerns about access to guar, even though the price is terrific. But we won't be disrupting be operations. In terms of facility, as I've mentioned, 2 new facilities in key oil basins. So that the movements of the fleets are landing in places where the workforce is ready and the roofline is present. So -- and then, some of the other cost issues around transportation. David, before we began this quarter, after we realized the challenges we had in the fourth quarter. Before we, if you will, subordinated the Pressure Pumping supply chain into the broader Baker Hughes supply chain, and you're aware of all the upgrading we've done on the broader Baker Hughes supply chain. We had something like 72 trucking companies just in South Texas. So it's hard to optimize. It's hard to gain efficiency. Today, we have 12 trucking companies. So we have not only better pricing, we have much easier logistics to model and predict. So I would put them in that order that's it's the people issues. It's the movement of the fleets and the utilization of that. It's followed by the supply chain, which as we said earlier, in the last call, the majority of these, this pickup will be in the second half, but already, we're seeing where we get some incremental gains as well in the, well into '13.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, I think our issues are bottoming here. Now, I think, as Peter was answering Bill's question earlier, we do have -- while we may have a bias towards pricing improvement in the Eastern hemisphere or international. We certainly don't see that on this particular product line in North America. So how it plays off between, I would say, our self-help issues and -- I just don't want -- I'm just not going to try to predict what's going to happen with pricing in the Pressure Pumping business for the next 3 to 4 quarters.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, I would say that, I guess, I've altered my perspective a bit, Jim. I still believe, nevertheless, that whether you're in a spot business or in the long-term contract, the difference in pricing isn't going to be significant. But if you are a contract holder, you may get last right of refusal. But I -- so that should keep your activity and your utilization maybe a bit higher than the spot. But I would say this, I think there's too much tied to the pricing side of that in terms of, trust me, the renegotiations of contracts is pretty apparent in the market. But, like I say, you will get the last right of whether or not you want to be replaced. But to Peter's earlier point, the spot market may not be the best place to be right now. And I wouldn't necessarily try to defend that. But depending on the degree of discipline that's brought to the market on the capital side, I don't think we're looking too far away, hopefully, for rebalancing in that side of the market.
Martin S. Craighead: Well [ph], if the pricing was what we felt like was accretive and -- we're not taking a long-term pessimistic view here on the North American Pressure Pumping business. So I think every contract and every customer has to be evaluated on its merits.
Martin S. Craighead: I don't -- it doesn't change our long-term goal of achieving that status in the business. And the Maersk award is a part of that. The second largest Pressure Pumping business in the world is Russia. And we're essentially not represented at all, so it's a huge opportunity for Baker Hughes. But on the other part of your question, in terms of consolidating the business, obviously, the BJ organization has quite a history of being able to do that, rolling up the business in the bottom of the cycles. It remains to be seen, as I just said, whether or not we're entering a protracted downturn here, it's not my feeling that, that's the case. I think we've got some pricing headwinds. I think discipline will come into the market. We still see intensity growing on some of the oil plays. So how sharp this downturn is to be -- still to be determined, Jim. And I don't want to minimize the issues we're facing in terms of stabilizing the business and standing it up properly and to go forward. So for us to digest another business, it's certainly not something we're spending much time talking about at this stage.
Martin S. Craighead: I'd say it's predominantly. And if I could just add a little bit more detail to that. When we say Pressure Pumping, our -- it's really around the stimulation side of that. And the cementing business continues to be very, very strong as does the share position. So I don't want there to be any conclusions drawn as to what's broader than the frac-ing business right now.
Martin S. Craighead: I would say we're pretty much this quarter bottoming, maybe a little hang over into -- maybe flat company issues into Q2. But then coming out, it might be a little bit better. But I think most of the -- the bottom is pretty much, we're in it right now.
Martin S. Craighead: No, let me add some -- let me try to clarify that for you. We'll add about the same amount of capacity in Q2 as we did in Q1. Q3 will be about half of that amount. Q4, we're talking only Pressure Pumping, of course, right? On the stimulation side. So Q3 about half of what we've averaged in the first half of this year. And Q4, it's de minimis in terms of horse power.
Martin S. Craighead: It's tough to generalize, but your first part of the question is correct. Outside of the high profile, highly concentrated spends, you take those off the table. I think it's, without a doubt, there's a bias towards pricing improvement. Doesn't mean there's just not some surprises and disappointments out there. But I -- we get a general feeling from both the customer side, as well as just looking at how some of these smaller bids are opening that there's a bias towards improving margins. Ole, I think, the thing to keep in mind is, as Peter highlighted in one of, I think one of the earlier questions, forecast of 11%, 12%, 8%, whatever it might be on terms of the rig count in international, Q1 to Q1, 11% to 12%, we only had a 2%. This past 12 months has been really anemic in terms of the rig count improvement international. And I think revenues have held in there pretty well. If we see anything like a double-digit increase in activity, I don't think you can -- I just don't see how you could expect anything other than some pretty nice price improvement.
Martin S. Craighead: People aren't as much of a problem as equipment. But again, it depends on where you are. In Iraq, we're hiring rapidly for the mobilization of, as I said, one rig started with Eni. The LUKOIL rig started this week. Another LUKOIL rig this Friday. So those are pretty stiff and steep ramp-ups. So a lot of hiring going on. I think in places like Asia, the headcounts are more flat. But again, on an equipment side, Latin America and Eastern hemisphere, particularly on the D&E side, Ole, it's pretty tight. I mean, you could almost say sold out.
Martin S. Craighead: We were one of the early critics of, I think, the strategies that were put in place there. And we make no apologize -- apologies for being a critic of it because it was -- it turned out not to be the opportunity that it could have been as a result. That all said, I recently was -- came back from there. And I can tell you the environment, I think, is optimistic. The customer in the 2 years since I was there last is far down the road of improving their own capabilities. It looks like a completely different landscape there than it was 2 years ago. We were slow on purpose, given the pricing that you referenced as being well below it should have been to pick up these big integrated projects. But the customer there wanted us in this business. We wanted to participate. I feel very good about the IO projects we have with Eni and LUKOIL in terms of, not only the financial opportunity, but just the risk profile. But more importantly, Ole, early on, we said that this was a production area. This was not going to be a big, big drilling business. We have leading wireline position. We have the leading ESP position. We have the leading Upstream Chemicals business. And those work at some pretty nice margins. Now, we've got these mobilizations going on. But our Iraq business, we feel very good about the way that the guys have executed it.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, they have been highly competitive, Angie. I hope that we'll see it on some of the bigger projects. And it's my sense that we will, simply because I think there's a high-level of frustration amongst the entire service industry. As I said in my comments, the importance -- the important role we play, in terms of making this all happen in the international arena for our customers to be successful and yet, our returns are -- have been lagging dramatically. So just my expectation that greater discipline will come to the big projects as well.
Martin S. Craighead: Both, but Africa was the leader there. And we see that continuing, maybe not to the same magnitude. But outside of North Africa, where there continues to be a bit of weakness in Algeria, Egypt's pretty good. Libya still not where we'd like it to be by any means. But the rest of Africa is executing very well. And our customers are having some, as you know, very nice success. So we see that continuing. And there's a real bias, as there always has been, to ever, greater levels of technology. And that plays well for us, whether it's on the D&E side or particularly the completion side. So I think, Africa, for the next couple of quarters, could be the earning engine, if you will, for that super region.
Martin S. Craighead: We're scratching our head, too. But I think as Ole mentioned and you very well know too, Kurt, it's the high profile projects where it seems as though, for whatever reason, I think one of our competitors properly characterized it in their call, in terms of the concentration to spend, generally the bias towards the D&E. So you have this ever-increasing levels of technology. They're generally very long -- long term. A lot of -- sometimes, some costs in terms of infrastructure drives a certain behavior. That is what it is. But as I said earlier, there was a 2% increase. And I think this is lost in the conversation. Because when we look at commodity prices, and certainly, you guys have been talking a lot about this international margin issue given where commodity prices are. But if you really dig into the details and the facts, the rig count has not been there year-on-year. And if you were to just tell anybody that you got a 2% increase in activity from Q1 of '11 to Q1 of '12, I don't think, now looking back, we could have said there would have been much in the way of price, Kurt? But if we think it's up 10% in terms of activity from this period until next Q1, I think we all rightfully and will stand correctly to say that pricing will definitely pick up pace. How it actually comes to the bottom line, though, given the terms of these projects and the contracts, this is probably where you really want to be in the spot market, if you will.
Martin S. Craighead: I think, it depends where and for which customer. This is not necessarily anything new. It's -- separating the hoisting business, and the wireline side has been tried before by all of us. Because that's the capital intensive side of that business. And the, if you will, the value add is in the bottom whole [ph] of the electronics. That's never really been successful. Will it happen in this? It's a great way to mitigate the capital volatility. But I would also caution that depending on the customer, I think there'll be a concern about that joining up between the fluid side, the technology side and the execution of it. And you know that North American Pressure Pumping business, I think, is going to move up the value chain. It's going to become a more integrated part of drilling and completion and value creation for the customer. So I applaud the ingenuity. I think it's a good idea. Now, to what degree will it actually take hold? I don't know. But if it does, then that opportunity to lay off some of that capital risk and move -- more power to them. And they probably won't be alone in the approach.
Martin S. Craighead: Let me temper that a bit. I would say we'll be up to 5 or 6 rigs by the end of Q2, if not 7. And so while the revenue's going to be accelerating, so will some more mob [ph] costs, but I would say this, Joe, the guys have executed at exactly the budget. So it's -- as Peter said, I think Q3 is when you'd want to Iraq begin to hit full stride.
