Chadwick Deaton: I think we're looking for somewhere in the mid-15% range, somewhere in that ballpark, Bill. I think you can break this down by region. Europe has not changed much, really, if you look at the margins, down a little bit. Africa has been where our challenge has been, and that's offsetting everything in Europe to defect all of work. And then the other area clearly is Latin America, where we've got another focus. Martin mentioned about some consolidation we're doing in that area to bring that -- some of the costs down in that area. We're happy with the way we're seeing Far East going. We've seen some nice gains there, both on a revenue side and some improvement on the bottom line side there. And the Middle East, we think will come back next year. So that's our target right now.
Chadwick Deaton: I think it'll be a bit better than that, Bill. Because we started -- obviously pressure pumping saw a lot of price improvement over these last several months. Whereas our legacy Baker Hughes businesses started to really see it towards the end of the third quarter, I guess. We started to see some tightness enough that we could start raising some prices elsewhere. So we'll see a little benefit in that in Q4. And therefore, from a year-on-year type basis, we should see improved margins on North America. And of course, hopefully, we're looking at what's going on with the Gulf of Mexico. And if we can see some rational thinking back there again, and get back to some drilling and other things then that will be a huge swing for us. Because we're big in the Gulf and we wanted to hold ourselves strong there with our people, because we believe this thing will end. And when it does, we want to be ready for it.
Chadwick Deaton: No, I think it'll be the second half. There's no doubt, it's probably coming. And we've been very fairly aggressive in terms of building out horsepower because for a period of time, BJ hadn't done a lot during the negotiations and the whole separate period, et cetera. But beginning earlier this year, we did start building horsepower while we did, because we've been needing that. But we're going through the budgeting process now, we'll be taking a look at that. We will adjust based on what we see. But there are a lot of wells behind pipe that still need frac, 2,000 to 25,000. And you'll start looking at anywhere from 15,000, we'll pick a number, 15,000, 25,000 zones per well, that's a lot of frac jobs and a lot of consumption equipment.
Chadwick Deaton: Well, I think one thing that Martin said, and it's true, Q3 is usually a very strong quarter for us in that business. So I don't think we're going to see any huge drop-off. A lot of that business just tie back to refinery work. So it depends on the margins and the refining operators, what they do and when their downtime is. I think one important thing on the Industrial side, we didn't shake that particular area up much when we reorganized, like what we did on the International side with the new geomarkets, et cetera. So that pretty much was the management team that has continued to run through this entire last 12 to 18 months period. So I think they're showing a lot of stability, and they had a very good quarter. And that's a business that kind of tends to swing based on downtimes and refineries, et cetera.
Chadwick Deaton: I think you could say that you could hold on to it. Traditionally, this business has been fairly stable, flat. We've talked about it in the past on our chemical side, both upstream as well as downstream, when there's tremendous swings in rig count one way or the other, this is kind of our annuity. They were pretty steady. So I think you could plan on that through next year.
Chadwick Deaton: I think that's the key. We've got to value this right. If we're going from 20 days to 3.5, we need to share on the value split there.
Chadwick Deaton: Yes, I think it depends on the customer, Jim. As you know, customers come in all shapes and sizes. Some are ready to bundle the entire package for fairly long-term contracts. We talked last quarter about Hess up in the Bakken with a five-year contract, we're doing 80% of the drilling bits, et cetera. And I think we have about 1/3 of the pressure pumping. So there are customers there that are looking for that, and we have others that continue to want to do callout-type basis. We are tying more and more, when we can, with tied to the pressure pumping because it's in such demand right now. But as I said in the comments, some of this equipment has to come off. In particular, the contract of working with the customer before we can then put it together with services and get it out and promote it. But as long as this market's the way it is right now, yes, we will be looking to package more into a bundle.
Chadwick Deaton: I hope so. That's why we've been buying all these companies from the reservoir side to the pressure pumping. But yes, I think it will. I think we're applying more technology to the U.S. today than we have in the past. And as a result of that, just like we were talking about the MST tool and other things, this is becoming more of a full scope relationship, especially with the independents and the smaller groups. Looking at the reservoir or looking at the mechanics, rock mechanics, geomechanics, optimizing the drilling performance, coming up with the best completion technology, I think it's becoming more and more of a technical package.
Chadwick Deaton: It depends on -- I mean, again, pricing is all over the map, Jim. But we would take some long-term contracts. In fact, there are take-or-pay contracts out there right now. We're participating in some of those, as I know a couple of our competitors are. But I think you just have to look at each one individually and see what else is on the contract, what's pull through, et cetera.
Chadwick Deaton: Yes. They're not contracted but they are, I mean, we're committed. We've got a backlog of 180 days. But they're not contracted at a set price. Some of those were holding almost for the spec market, you can call it.
Chadwick Deaton: Well, we see there's some more -- depending on who you talk to, 6 million to 6.5 million horsepower up there today, going to 8 million to 8.5 million by end of next year. Those are street numbers but it's not taking into consideration attrition. And right now, we're burning through, the industry is burning through probably 15% a year. So there's over 1 million net horsepower being added here in the next few quarters. Now, again, right now, there's a big backlog. I don't know how strong we'd be facing the second half. We're just going to be watching it going into the first half, and that will determine if we're going to continue to add equipment through next year. I think there's just a lot of variables out there right now. We're watching it, and I think probably, if it slows down a little bit, you'll see some consolidation in the business like we've seen in the past.
Chadwick Deaton: It's always been part of our strategy there in terms of our assessment. But yes, that's a big component. But Scott, the rig need kind of comes and goes, and depending on what's going on in the marketplace. Sometimes you have short rigs and sometimes you can find it right around any corner. So we look at that and if we think that it's the right way to go, then there's some opportunities out there for us to buckle up for somebody.
Chadwick Deaton: No, I don't think that Macondo, outside of the Gulf of Mexico, has had a huge effect on the offshore deepwater market. Now several clients, several governments for probably a period of a month or two, did take a look and assessed their performance, safety performance, that type of thing, David. But it hasn't really set us back anywhere. We are seeing a lot more requests from clients asking about our training programs, our certification of employees, a little bit more regarding on some of the technology or where we may be running. But I think for the most part, Brazil, Norway, other places, there was a little bit of effect from Macondo, but not much.
Chadwick Deaton: Well, I think you got to remember we fell a lot further than the competition, so that will allow us to rebound back up a little bit. This isn't totally just a cost structure problem. It's also a tendering issue. Yes, we put our team together 18 months ago and sent them out there. And one of the reasons why was to gain our revenue growth back, which we've done. Now you have to question, are some of those contracts a little aggressive? Yes, probably. And some of them, as they wind off, we will replace them with better margin contracts. That, plus the fact that, as Martin went through, we've made some consolidation and tweaking, if you call it that, for the geomarket structure. This is normal. We did it years ago when I was with another company. And I know one of our rig competitors did the same thing when they reorganized and had to do it a couple of times to get it right. So I think you'll start seeing it in Q4. We have taken some cost out of the system and moving down the path of being able to do that.
Chadwick Deaton: Well, it's just mainly, Geoff, the big components. It's the power end, the fluid end and the engine, the chassis, the tractor, those type things. You can get those three, four months out. The bigger lead items, you're kind of looking for more like six months. Like I've mentioned, BJ had backed up considerably on the building of equipment during the negotiations and other things, rightly so. So we had to kind of rebuild that supply chain link beginning earlier this year. But we're looked at as a major player in this area and so the major suppliers in those points know that Baker Hughes is going to be in this business for a long time, so they jump through hoops to make sure that we get our equipment. I'd say you got to be looking at around six months. Now if we start to see some things softening or whatever as we go into 2011, doesn't mean that we still won't continue to build out some fluid ends, power ends, engines. Those things can go on a shelf and replace existing equipment or problems as we go through these equipment. So we have some flexibility there.
Chadwick Deaton: We've taken everything that -- we take it as we go through it. So if we have the ramp up cost like in Iraq or others, those hit the quarter that we're involved in that quarter. So no, we don't have anything left in it.
Chadwick Deaton: No, I guess I was confused when you say start-up because I'm usually thinking of actually gearing up to handle a contract. We're putting equipment in there, there's that startup cost but there's also just the infrastructure buildout cost, the facilities etc., which we know are going to be there for the next 30 years. One thing, Robin, I want to clarify, that 15% exit rate that we talked about isn't just going to come just all internally. We are expecting that we will see some improvement in the International activity. We said that it would be modest in growing. But we do expect some of that to benefit the margin side as well and, of course, we also feel from the steps that we're taking on the cost side and organization side, that it will contribute quite a bit itself. I think we're pretty well-positioned. If 2011 is a surprise and the second half comes on strong, we have spent a lot of money over these last five years, both in the solid facility infrastructure side, bricks and mortars, you might say, but also on the human capital side. We have a much stronger International management team based in these key markets, again, much closer to the customer, which I think is one of the reasons why we're seeing some success on the revenue side now. So we'll be able to respond. We're in much, much stronger position today than we were a few years ago to handle International growth. And that's why we did all this, that's what we're counting on.
Chadwick Deaton: Finish the elections. We have about 350 people that, right now, out of the Gulf group that are based in temporary assignments around the world. We wanted to get -- these are some of our major competitors. These are people that have 20 years of experience and can go anywhere on the world to drill or run a bid or whatever. We don't want to lose those people. So we will watch this. We're talking a lot to our customers right now, the majors as well as the larger independents, trying to get a feel for when they think they'll get back to work. Right now, we've got quite a bit of activity lined up if they can go back and drill. We think we're in a pretty darn good position to do well in the Gulf once the activity returns. Now that being said, by the end of this quarter, if we don't see a seasonal return or some positive signs then obviously, we're going to have to take the next step in terms of our cost structure in the Gulf and do something about it. But as Martin said, from a vessel side, you look at it, vessel business is doing fairly well even in the downturn because of reworks and some laterals and things like that on the shelf. And it's the best backlog we've seen in that area. So we think there's enough optimism or enough lift right now that is going to strengthen a little bit, starting in Q1, that we're going to hold on a little longer where we have to do anything.
Chadwick Deaton: Well, I don't want to tell you how much we've added because I'd rather let somebody else try to guess and put those numbers out there. I will tell you we are adding a frac fleet every six weeks and have been for the last little while and for the next little while. So that gives you some upside in terms of what we have coming. Now that being said, there's a few factors of why we're adding this much horsepower. One, as I mentioned earlier, the attrition rate is very high for the industry, about twice of what it used to run years ago. And the second area is again, we can look at some equipment, every service company ages their equipment, looks at the life of the equipment and so on. And there's a 10-, 11-, 12-year-old equipment out there in the BJ ranks that we want to be able to replace in time anyway. So we're adding this horsepower now and if we do see it slow down then we'll get rid of some of the older stuff. I hope that answers your question, Marshall.
Chadwick Deaton: You got our numbers from the beginning of the year. We talked about somewhere around $1 billion to $1.1 billion of Baker Hughes legacy CapEx, and Peter said we're going to be around $1.7 billion for the year.
Chadwick Deaton: Yes, I mean we go by some of the things we hear from our customers. Customers tell us that our equipment and one of our other competitors, major competitor's equipment seem to be holding up a little better in areas like the Haynesville and others. And I think that's helped us pick up share there. But I think we're at the leading edge of not tearing up as much equipment as some of the people out there.
Martin Craighead: Well, Chad mentioned, from our data, it seems to have high leveraged to how many we've run relative to the market, Joe. The features on this tool are pretty unique to Baker Hughes. It's completely unlimited lengths of either the zone you want to cover, or the number of zones you can run. It's got a full ID opening to handle production tubing, with some very important proprietary technology on the seal elements used. So the pickup on this has been pretty rapid as far as its materiality going forward. I don't know at this stage, but we don't see it slowing down, that's for sure.
Martin Craighead: All of that, plus stabilization in some of them weak markets in terms of the spending and pricing and the overhead cost structures.
Martin Craighead: Kirk, this is Martin again. Again, we're speaking in North America because we haven't seen enough pricing traction internationally. But certainly, it's the typical ones. We're seeing the drilling systems, the lead, of course, is pressure pumping followed by the drilling systems. We have some price improvement occurring on the production side of the business, which would be led by ESPs. And then your product lines which let's just say have more capacity out there, or slightly lower barriers to entry, which would be your case for wireline, and your Drilling Fluids, I'd say it's minimal.
Martin Craighead: Scott, this is Martin. Let me start with the one you bring up Iraq. If we thought that the market was kind of better defined in terms of what the scope was going to be, what the risk profile is going to be. But I think as you've heard from a couple of our peers, the bidding activity there is very high and there's a lot of work to be done. And this is both from the national oil company, as well as the foreign participants. Let me put it this way, we've participated in every IPM bid, to use that term. We've obviously submitted prices but we've been on the sidelines in terms of getting on the field when the pricing environment is so unattractive. Again, given the fact that, if you see what happened in Mexico, if you see what's happened in some of these other high-profile IPM bids, the opportunity to make a profit is very limited. So I think the industry, our side of the industry, needs to rethink the way it approaches it. That aside, you're right, the reason that we reorganized into the geomarket organization was to grow the top line at faster rates that what we were experiencing before. And as I said in my comments, that's happening. But the best way to further grow those margins is to continue to grow that top line. We're taking actions that we can most -- near-term control in terms of the cost, in getting those down and particularly, in the overhead functions where we experienced some redundancy. Now in terms of trying to get other business, as I said in the comments, there's an incredible response by the customer community, which I think is being rewarded already with the work we're getting. We see the BJ organization stimulating even further, working together. And I can tell you that whether it's Vietnam, whether it's Australia, whether it's the big award we just got in the Philippines, whether it's bringing BJ more solidly into our business in Norway, we're seeing a lot of nice projects come our way. But the final point I'll make here, Scott, is that unlike North America which is a transactional market, we reorganized 18 months. Officially, we had all of our people in place, probably about a year ago. And the international market is not transactional, there's contracts there that are years in the making. And by that, I mean it takes months for the tender to come out, it takes months for the tender to be awarded, it takes months sometimes to mobilize. And it can take months for the customer to actually start spending. So you put that on top of contracts that already ran three to five years. It's not surprising that it takes a while to rebuild the revenue. But in terms of the mechanics, the way we're executing out there, I'm very happy with the job the guys are doing in terms of building their share.
Martin Craighead: In Russia? Absolutely, primarily in the Drilling Systems sides. And on the pressure pumping, we're pretty much that represented yet, but we're looking at some opportunities there in terms of how best to address the world's second-largest pressure pumping market.
Martin Craighead: I guess the only thing I'd add on there is, David, is the supply chain impacts, as well as the BJ synergies. And on these BJ synergies, not just the costs, but also the revenue opportunities jointly. And again, the Philippines is a tremendous example of that. So you put them all together, we're comfortable with the guidance that Chad mentioned in terms of International.
