Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Nancy. Turning to Slide 18. We are exceptionally proud of the progress we have demonstrated on the margin front. EBITDA margins are expected to be in the high teens range during the second half of this year, and 2024 is anticipated to produce Baker Hughes' highest margin rate. Our transformation efforts are clearly driving structural improvement in underlying margins. Our progress is clear and we are confident in our plan to achieve 20% margins for OFSE in 2025 and IET in 2026. The story today of Baker Hughes is more than just improving operational performance. As I highlighted earlier, we have growth tailwinds in IET that span across multiple end markets, including gas infrastructure, LNG, FPSOs, distributed power, and new energy. Orders from these key growth markets have been major drivers of our record equipment backlog. Throughout our transformation, we have taken steps to reinforce our culture as one Baker Hughes. Our people are the driving force behind our success. We put people first and take energy forward. I'd like to conclude by thanking the Baker Hughes team for yet again delivering very strong operating results. It's a testament to the strength of our people, the culture we're building, the portfolio we have created, and the value of the Baker Hughes enterprise. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Chase.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Definitely, Luke. And I'm really proud of what the team's been able to accomplish. As you said at 2Q, really some great results and it's a testament to the execution that we started also back in the fall of 2022, when we went from four discrete segments into two. We had numerous changes and also we started a restructuring of taking cost out, $150 million in 2023, and really streamlining processes, reducing duplication. As you look at the segments in particular, I mean, IET is really on a process of continuous improvement, adopting lean mindset as they have a great backlog that they're continuing to churn out and we're increasing automation, the efficiencies of supply chain, the customer-centric approach and really delivering more value to our customers with what we have. And that volume is great for the future as well, and we're continuing to do more with it and getting the efficiencies from a margin perspective. On OFSC, again, it's cost competitiveness. It's continuing to drive as you saw in the fall of '23, announcing a restructuring with taking out duplication, announcing execution, service delivery improvements, a focus on best cost country sourcing and really profitable growth as we go forward. It doesn't stop in the segments, also across the company, the structural improvements that you heard, Nancy mentioned beforehand. We're expecting the margin expansion to continue. As you look at '24, we're going to be up about 150 basis points, which is better than what we said previously, and we're fully committed to the 20% in OFSE in 2025 and also the 20% in IET in 2026 and very confident in our ability to achieve those. A lot of things coming together and a lot of hard work by the team.
Lorenzo Simonelli: David, as you said, it's an impressive growth rate. Over the course of the last five years, again, a 50% growth in the RPO. I think that's a testament to the portfolio that we have of equipment that goes into critical areas. It's a key differentiator. We're not just in one aspect of an industry or market. We can cut across many. Gas Tech is a full life cycle business. I think you've got to look at it from a standpoint of razor, razor blade. We've said this before, this isn't just an equipment sale, this is the ability to stay close to the customer and be with them for 20 to 30 years. That may come later than the equipment sale, but it's there. And so, we look constantly at our installed base and look at the opportunity for that services revenue stream to come through. You're starting to see it come through and it provides that long-term visibility and confidence in the sustained growth outlook that we see for the company going forward. It's under-appreciated right now, we feel, because, again, it's that aspect of an amazing backlog that's been built over five years, now starting to come out, and we've got the equipment being installed and you'll see that service stream continuing for many years to come and again being on a life cycle basis. Razor, razor blades, that's clearly a model here that we're taking forward.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Definitely, Dave. And as you said, we continue to see an outlook of high single-digit in the international market and very pleased with also the second quarter performance from a quarter-over-quarter being up 7%. Again, as we look at the marketplaces, there's the significant offshore as you look at Suriname, Namibia, Guyana that continues to be strong, Brazil. Again, you've got, as you mentioned, some of the dynamics that take place in Mexico, which will continue, no doubt. With the international overall, continues to be strong. Middle East is also an area of growth for us as we continue to move forward. There's several good prospects. I would look at it from a standpoint of growth in the future at a slower pace, so positive, but again decelerating as we go forward. We remain very optimistic about the continued aspect of international growth and also the mature assets and the opportunity around mature asset solutions that we can actually provide to the company and the customers we have, and brownfield opportunities that exist, as people continue to look at increasing production. That's a sweet spot for us. As you know, we are more on the production side. We've got the chemicals. We've got the ESPs, and we've got the solutions also from a digital standpoint that we rolled out to the marketplace.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Definitely, James. As you say, I think it's an area that's coming to the forefront and people are better appreciating the portfolio of capability that we have to help in an area where you need continuous power supply, the need for distributed power systems and we know that, that's just going to increase over time. I mean, you look at some of the predictions out there, you highlighted the data centers and the IEA says that by 2026, they're going to consume 800 terawatt hours, and that's basically a doubling of the consumption from 2022. And you need a lot of these micro-grids to help. And we've got gas turbine technology that is beneficial for those, especially on the off-grid. And it's not just the data centers, it's overall, as you look at the instability of the grid and the requirements that are being placed on the grid. A lot of people, customers are looking at off-grid solutions, and that's even evident in the Permian. And where brownouts are a regular occurrence and now we're seeing companies come to us and ask for off-grid solutions, and we've got modular capabilities. And on the small scale, again, we've got the NovaLT turbines. We've got the opportunity of steam cabins. We've got the SMR solutions. And then as we go larger scale and in the future, you've also got net power. And these are -- is a portfolio of capabilities that we can give to oil and gas, airports, shipping, and we see those as all key segments that need additional power going forward. And increasingly, they're going to off-grid solutions. So we're looking at the market, developing proposals, working with partners and ecosystems and see this as a tremendous opportunity going forward.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, definitely, Arun. As you say, LNG has not gone away, and we anticipate it's going to be coming back and again, we've seen the pause in the U.S. But our orders continue to be strong across IET and in particular, as you look at the onshore/offshore production, as you look at gas infrastructure, and all of this plays into the ecosystem that's required around gas. And that's where we play strongly from a compression standpoint. We play strongly with the turbines that we provide. And so as you look at the first half, $6.4 billion booked, and we see that even the second half going to be strong again. And we're affirming, as you heard from Nancy, the range. And as I look at the year, we should be around $12 billion to $12.5 billion from orders perspective. As we go forward, we'll start to see LNG come back. So this isn't an aspect of the backlog or also the industry shifting and going away. We're going to continue to see robust orders as we continue also into 2025. And it's the breadth of the portfolio that we have and the capability of having the right equipment to be installed at the right time. So we feel very good about the way in which the differentiation of the technology comes through here.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Arun, we've often said it's the age of gas, and this is the time for natural gas. It's a plentiful resource. We know it's merits again, from an emissions perspective being lower than coal. And we think that gas has a lot of growth potential going forward. And we're seeing that also from the developments of gas infrastructure around the world as energy demand continues to be there and also people are looking for lower carbon intensity and gas is the solution. So as we go forward, we're seeing that gas production being a positive for Baker Hughes. You mentioned and highlighted the Master gas system free that was booked earlier this year. Again, there are going to be other Master gas systems required. You mentioned also Algeria Hassi R’Mel. There's going to be other countries that need that same gas infrastructure. As I talk to customers, as I go around the world, there's a common theme around gas infrastructure being needed, and we're going to have that opportunity to leverage our portfolio into that marketplace.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, I'd say, Stephen, it's a little early to provide full detail. And obviously, it's something that we continue to monitor. As we think about it at a macro level, more of the same. And as you think about Baker Hughes, continuing to grow positively and also focus on the margin trajectory that we've laid out. As you think about it from an OFSE perspective, again, we've got the focus on the 20% EBITDA margins. As you look at international, we continue to see robust international growth, again, positive growth at a slower pace, but positive, and I think North America, still early days, but we do anticipate a rebound in at least the second half of '25 and from the area that it is today. On the IET side, again, a focus on the margin improvement. We've laid that out and that continues to be the case. And order momentum continuing. You've got LNG that, again, from the U.S. perspective has been dampened in '24, just given the pause, we anticipate that, that will reverse, and we'll see those LNG opportunities come back. Also, the international opportunities continue to be there. And as I just mentioned to Arun as well, the gas infrastructure, onshore, offshore production, the FPSOs and New Energy. Let's not forget the growth that we continue to see in New Energy, and we highlighted being at the upper end of our guidance on the New Energy at the $800 million to $1 billion range, and we continue to see positive momentum as we go into '25. So feeling very good, again, early days. And we'll be able to give more as we get later into '24.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Definitely. And the great thing about our portfolio, Stephen, is we're able to go across many of these New Energy projects really from the sub-surface all the way to the actually reducing the CO2 and being able to store it and being able to move it. So if you think about our capability and you look at Wabash, for example, and I highlighted Wabash in the prepared remarks. You've got compression pumps, you've got valves, you've got instrumentation, condition monitoring. You've got, on the OFSE side, the sequestration, feasibility analysis, well construction, you're able to measure and verify. And we have a portfolio of capabilities, both across IET and OFSE that really allows us to play a differentiated role in these projects such as Wabash. And as you look at the New Energy orders that we booked so far this year, about 50% have been on the CO2 side. And we see CCUS continuing to be a key theme as we go forward. So feel good about New Energy and the continued momentum there, and we're uniquely positioned.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you to everyone for taking the time to join our earnings call today. We look forward to speaking to you all again soon.
Nancy Buese: Luke, I would just add to that. As we've indicated, we're doing a lot of fundamental work. We are changing the way we work within the company. We are building sustainable improvement. You will continue to see those margins pick up over time. Just to be clear, this is the hard work from thousands of employees across the globe and every little bit matters. And so, we're really seeing the margin improvements from many, many things. There's key drivers, but it's a great effort and a testament to all the work the teams are doing across the company.
Nancy Buese: Yes. From an IET perspective, that was really the driver of the increase to guidance. So we raised the midpoint by about 12%. That's the second consecutive year of significant record EBITDA for the segment. It was really driven by stronger revenue expectations and upgrade in margins. And so, we believe that IET revenues will increase by about 20% this year, which is 8% above our prior guidance. That's really driven by GTE and Industrial Solutions, if those are the drivers of the margin upside. Revenue comes on the back of stronger backlog conversion, Industrial Solutions on the heels of Cordant. Great improvements there. On the margin side, we were expecting 2024 IET margins of 16.2%, which is about 120 basis points ahead of last year and 70 basis points upgrade versus our prior outlook. Really starting to see great margin improvement on the IET side. Those are just outperforming, where we originally thought we'd be. On the GTE side, that's that higher margin backlog that we've spoken about, stronger pull through and then the cost efficiencies really starting to come through. In Industrial Solutions, that's around supply chain optimization and higher volumes as well. I would note that, OFSC has remains unchanged, so still strong from what we had indicated earlier in the year. But overall, we're very happy with where we are today and our technology differentiation, our portfolio versatility is really driving performance and that's what we've indicated. I would also say is that, we're really seeing sustainable improvements that we expect to extend for quite some time. I would also note that, with the backlog that we have and the growth in the equipment base, you're going to see even more Gas Tech Services growth opportunities over the longer-term with these backlog levels. That's really the driver for the guidance increase.
Nancy Buese: Sure. And free cash flow is always lumpy from quarter-to-quarter, and that's really why we don't guide to it by quarter, but we give you the guidance of 45% to 50% free cash flow conversion. And if you look back over the last 5 years, we're very consistent with where we have landed. And remember also that Q1 really outperformed. And so I would say what you've seen for first half of the year is exactly what we would have anticipated, and we're pleased with that. And as you mentioned, second half free cash flow is always stronger, and that's what we're anticipating again this year. It's always impacted by a few things, certainly in this quarter by timing of collections with some key customers. We always have down payments that we're not always sure when those are going to come in. And I would just reiterate our confidence in the 45% to 50% conversion for the year and our longer-term target remains 50% plus. And right alongside that, we would also remind, James, just the returns to shareholders. So in the first half of the year, we returned almost -- sorry, almost $750 million, which is up 50% year-over-year, and that's focused on the dividend growth and the share buyback. So we will always continue to focus on those things being an alignment, but strong conviction in our ability to get there on the free cash flow conversion.
