Martin Craighead: Absolutely, Jim, I’m confident that we will. It’s not going to be a walk in the park. The Gulf of Mexico issue with the currents were certainly not expected in the third quarter. We’ve never seen them as strong and the duration of them has, as far as I can tell is unprecedented, and going into Q4 we need some help there, if you will, from Mother Nature that the Gulf comes back. I think the thing to keep in mind, Jim, is that those, particularly the Mississippi Canyon completions, that were delayed and some of the drilling activity has not been canceled, it’s simply backlogged into the fourth quarter. So if we’re going to have an extremely robust, almost maniac level of activity, and then you have the backdrop of the pressure pumping market, wells aren’t getting shorter and stage density is not getting less, and our customers aren’t not going to pump less sand per stage. We were up 22% or so sequentially in pumps per stage. That’s going to continue, maybe slow down a bit. So that plus the continued absorption of new technology, I don’t want to say that it’s going to be easy, it’s not, nothing yes, but I’m very confident that we’ll deliver on that number.
Martin Craighead: That’s a good point when you say a good help – some help because I agree with you. The first thing I’d say is we’re not projecting a lot of activity in the market growth in ‘15 for Mexico, and our successes so far, and I credit our team, have been some pretty substantial share gains offshore on the drilling and completion side. I think that will continue, and then our projects up in the North have been quite well received both by PEMEX and in terms of the bottom line. So Mexico is looking good, but I wouldn’t say market-wise, we are going to see a lot of help. And in Brazil, you’re right in referencing the share gain on the drilling contract, but internally the drilling contract, it’s been recast, if you will. We maintain a large stimulation vessel position. That’s been recast. Certainly, the wireline tender has been tendered and announced, but again the commercial terms are more supportive. But in neither of those, do we expect them to touch Q4. It will be more of a Q1 activity boost for us, and then again the commercial terms are more attractive. But I’d say Brazil, through the end of ‘15 and certainly into ’16, the discussions we’re having with our clients there is that they are going to reinvigorate on the exploration side far more than they have been over the last couple of years [technical difficulty].
Martin Craighead: We saw a net increase in pricing in the last few weeks of the last month. We saw quite a bit of cost inflation first led by freight, followed by sand, and the difference between three and four in that business and it gets a little bit back to Jim’s question, about 70% of our business is contracted, about 70% of those contracts now have indexed pricing adjustments. So I expect that in Q4 we’re actually going to see a little bit of flattening on the inflation that occurred in Q3 and the pricing lift above those costs will be far more material for that business line in four versus three, Angie.
Martin Craighead: That’s a great and very broad question. Let me try to answer it this way. As you well know and most of the people on this – that are listening, our customers, right now, are in the throes of trying to determine what their budgets are going to be for ’15, but I can tell you the channel checks I do with my peer customers are that they are concerned with what’s going on in the oil markets, but they are not, at this stage, I think frankly because we’re all a bit surprised with the markets, are they willing to give it a whole lot of credibility either that these numbers are what we’re going to see in terms of commodity prices. So they are still confident that, I think at this stage, these oil prices are not where they’re going to settle and also -- let’s also realize that, as you’ve written about and your peers, the breakeven prices in most of these basins with most of the customers are still well below what the commodity prices are. So I don’t expect that we’re going to see any appreciable activity decline, but if oil should stay at this level for a couple of quarters and give it, so to speak, more credibility that this is what the environment is going to be, then certainly a few of the customers out there that are either more dependent on borrowing or maybe have a less attractive subsurface position, could sideline, but I don’t see that being material for us or, like I said, I’m not projecting that any time soon. Internationally I can’t predict nor can I control some of the issues that are going on geopolitically. Certainly, as you know Angie, we’ve talked about Russia has been a great growth engine for us. That’s not going to be there for a while. We are hopeful. We’re monitoring it and we are watching it very closely. And for the Middle East, some slippage in Iraq is going to be more than offset by strength in the rest of the Gulf led by Saudi. So I’m bullish on [indiscernible] and EMEA led by the Middle East, and as we talked about on the previous question, Latin America could be a bright spot from an international perspective.
Martin Craighead: I’d say we’re probably – it’s been a year now, probably 75% would be a rough estimate depending on how you characterize that. I guess that’s certainly has always been that way in the Gulf of Mexico, but on North America land, I’d say probably about 75%, Byron.
Martin Craighead: That’s a very good question. Here is the – as I said in my prepared remarks, we’re all going to be in a much better position as far as North America is concerned no matter what the global scenario is, because the unconventionals provide a far better level of predictability for our customer both in terms of costs per well, which are going down because we’re more into this industrialization, if you will, and the geological risk of these wells is less than what it’s been for previous -- through previous cycles. So, North America Land plan will certainly be a lot more resilient. Now, maybe a little bit to your first part of your question, as these customers perhaps let’s say get a little bit more scrutinizing on ultimate recovery figures and initial flow rates, then there is an emerging group of technologies within our organization that are aimed right at the unconventional, right? So, you don’t want to be drilling with a conventional motor bottom hole assembly when your peer is drilling on the adjoining lease with AutoTrak Curve because you’re going to get your tail kicked. And I don’t think they’re going to want to be in a position, that’s why I say things like AutoTrak Curve and FLEXPump and ProductionWave are not novelties, they are changing the conversation with the customer and we don’t ever want to see a tightening price or cost environment, but on the other hand, they will be more front and centre with our customers as their budgets perhaps become a little bit more strained. So, I feel great about our portfolio as it relates to the customer situation. The second thing is, Byron and you know this, it may go more to an OpEx world than a CapEx world for our customers. Again, there is ProductionWave, there is Upstream Chemicals right at the heart of maximizing production and cash flow for our customers. So, I’m realistic about what’s going on, but I’m also extremely excited about the way we sit in terms of being able to solve some of these problems.
Martin Craighead: That’s a very fair statement. Sometimes what do they say, better to be lucky than smart? Six months ago we didn’t see this, what we’re experiencing today, and six months from now it can be a whole lot different, but six months ago, a year ago, we pick up one of the world’s largest drilling contracts, I think the world’s largest ever completions contract, obviously a realignment in Brazil, all the biggest deepwater markets with some of the world’s best, most stable, consistent operators. I’m not predicting what the world looks like six months, a year, three years from now, but these are five seven, eight year long contracts with price escalations and so forth. So no matter what, these are the rigs you want to be on and these are the customers you’re going to want to be working for. So, I think our teams have done an excellent job in building a portfolio of some nice international work.
Martin Craighead: She -- the business is exactly kind of going the direction that we’ve mapped out. Our strategy has been risk mitigation followed by growth. As you can see by the realignment of the business in Venezuela and the repositioning in Brazil and some of the contract wins in Mexico, the strategy is following exactly -- the outcome is exactly as we planned. So I’d say that risk mitigation is never anywhere off the table, but now it’s all hands on deck for topline growth and what I expect to see some nice incremental margins as these contracts emerge in Brazil and in Mexico, and then just a more appropriate business model for us in Venezuela should also be accretive going forward.
Martin Craighead: There are, Kurt, granted, given our past and all, maybe I could safely say that the number of take-or-pay contracts in our portfolio is probably higher than ever for that particular product line in US Land. Our customers, even as of yesterday, the key buyers are still biased towards securing capacity to deliver on their plans before year-end and into Q1. So, as I said earlier, there is no indication that these folks are going to abate or slowdown, just none whatsoever. And then, on the cost side, if this does answer your question a little bit, 90% of our input costs around sand and freight are now under some kind of contractual arrangement. So our exposure to the spot cost side is not that -- I mean it’s a world of differences to what it was, say, this time last year. So I feel secure with what our cost structure is going to be and we’ve improved the ability to more immediately pass things through. In terms of visibility, the systems are catching it. We have auditing, if you will, mechanisms in place to make sure that these things get passed on in a timely fashion. So I’m very confident that in spite of the uncertainty that’s out there, the Baker Hughes pressure pumping business will navigate whatever, if you will, storms that should come to pass, if any, do.
Martin Craighead: It depends on the customer, but if we leave off -- if we just look at the core most successful customers, I would say that it’s -- I think $75 is the starting point to where activity could start to slow. I don’t believe anything above that and the second very big variable to that is the duration of it so we would see $75 next week, I don’t think you’re going to see one iota of activity slippage, none. But if we’re sitting at $75 come the holiday season or early into Q1, then certainly I think the conversations with the customers will be different. So it’s mid-70s and it’s – we’ve got to see a few months of that to give it, as I said earlier, credibility that this isn’t just bouncing all over the place, because our customers are still in a pretty good economic – the right customers are in a pretty good economic position, the returns are still quite attractive and you know that. So I don’t – and there is a bit of a competitive uneasiness that they are going to be able to get all their work done that they promised you guys they would do, and I don’t think they want to -- they don’t want to miss that. So, right now it’s full steam ahead and I’m not and like you said most of the peers I talk to are not, my customer peers, aren’t nervous, they are concerned, they are not nervous, they are watching it closely, but if it should stay down below $80 for a while, then probably conversations will change.
Martin Craighead: Yes, they are absolutely the most important and then there is some peripheral supporting elements to write in terms of the technology, but as we highlighted, you can get to 13.5 just because of the missed activity by our customers than us in Q3. As I highlighted I think in the first question, Ole, I don’t expect now -- the rig issue has not completely abated. As we sit here today the currents are still an issue on the risers and on the associated rigs, so I think maybe one rig is going back out of the eight or so that were affected, but it’s not going to be a normal Q4 if and when these – not if, but when these rigs go back. So we’re expecting an extremely strong Q4 that we didn’t expect when we were putting out our 15% guidance for North America. So Gulf of Mexico, while getting a slow start this quarter, could absolutely deliver more than what it normally would. And on the pressure pumping and let me say this is while our model suggests that even if we don’t get a lot of the Gulf to come back, what we’re experiencing in this stimulation business right now could -- will definitely get us within spitting distance of it, and that’s a hard number to predict of course in terms of the costs and the timing of things on the pressure pumping, but it’s very, very robust. So Canada continuing, we’ve got a little bit of a holiday impact, but I can tell you that some of the customer conversations are that they want to get these wells put online before the end of the year so there will be a holiday impact but may not be as protracted as it’s been in the past. There was another element – there were some other challenges in West Texas you probably heard about we didn’t highlight it on the prepared remarks in Q3 was quite impactful on a couple of fleets in the Permian. That’s past us now. So, I can’t give you an exact dollar for dollar, I just won’t do that, Ole, but there is not a lot that I could see that would hold its back other than a protracted holiday period these rigs for some unbelievable reasons just don’t get back to work in the GOM.
Martin Craighead: We are probably north of 80%, 85%. I mean I would tell you we’re 90-some-percent except that this is not an area you should ever be satisfied with. It’s infinitely perfectible. The infrastructure associated with the logistics in moving the sand is just you wouldn’t recognize the organization relative whether it’s in the areas of purchasing or contract management or logistics, it’s completely overhauled. And there’s been quite a bit of talk about the impacts of North American logistics on the pressure pumping business. I’m not telling you we weren’t up against the wall, it was tough, but we lost no work, disappointed no customers. The teams had all the product in the right locations with the right customers and those fleets got the jobs done. We added another fleet and we’re optimistic of what the opportunities are to do some more of that in Q4 and we’ll update you on the Q4 call. I don’t want to tell you what our plans are. I‘d tell you what we’ve done in terms of adding capacity. The customer mix is overhauled probably entirely. There I can tell you it’s 100%. Now it’s just managing the pricing and the past dues accordingly. So infrastructure wise, supply chain wise, customer wise, it’s all falling into place and again I could tell you that it’s all done but it’s not because it can always be better.
Martin Craighead: That’s a great question and right down the heart of what we’re spending our time on. Let’s start with the most obvious which is pressure pumping capacity where we’ve done a great job in lining up the right type of suppliers to the equipment. We’re great assembler, we’re a great designer, engineering of what the frac fleets of the future should look like, the objectives they are putting more horsepower on smaller footprints and the partnerships with that supply chain somewhat proprietary and we’re having conversations today in terms of -- with them in terms of what do we need starting in Q1 and Q2. We’re going to need, I mean I think I mentioned to Angie, there is nothing that’s in the parking lot any more, and then within the context of the customer vis-a-vis their budgets, we are still looking at -- if we project -- if we even project a flat rig count, which we’re not at this stage, the well intensity is going to require a certain percentage, I’m not going to share with you what our estimates because we feel that’s kind of competitive, of additional horsepower to get these jobs done. And our models also project or indicate and you’ve seen this in some of the announcements from our customers that can’t get the wells drilled with the budgets they currently got because they are spending more per well and we don’t see that trend changing. The well results are fully supportive of longer laterals and more stages and more pumps per stage. So it’s just – it just doesn’t – it’s incongruous to suggest at this stage that we are not going to need more capacity on that front. In terms of rental tools, if you look at the Middle East, if you certainly look at what’s going on in Brazil for us, if you look at what’s going on in Norway with Statoil and us, it’s biased upwards in terms of topline and therefore the capital to support it. I don’t want to give you a projection at this stage but again we are not hearing anything from our customers, and Rob, a deepwater rig running today is going to be running next quarter and the quarter after that. They don’t slow down just because of a little bit of trickery around these commodity prices. So, we’re pretty steady as she goes at this stage and that’s because that’s what we’re hearing from our customers and maybe that’s fortunate for us because of the way we’re positioned with these customers now. So we’ll just – we’ll leave it at that but it’s all going in the right direction.
Peter Ragauss: It was predominantly the ruble, Marshall, it’s a little bit in the sands, the currencies are linked to the ruble, but it was predominantly the ruble. Not much else.
Peter Ragauss: The pressure pumping business in Q4 will still, it’s my expectation, still be dilutive to the overall margin number. Now, I’m only talking land, I’m not talking about the --.
Peter Ragauss: Land only. Now in Q4, it’s still going to be dilutive to the 15%. That’s what I would project at this stage.
