Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks Brian. Our outlook on the market is favorable, and we continue to position the company for further growth and profitability. Over the last 12 months, we have made a tremendous amount of progress and we are excited about the future. Our priorities are unchanged. We are focused on executing to deliver on our commitments on share, margins and cash. Phil, now over to you for questions.
Lorenzo Simonelli: James thanks. And as you said, we had a strong 2Q from an orders perspective, and we're pleased with what each of the business units was able to achieve. And maybe let's break it down into the business units and take it one by one to begin with. If you look at OFS, we feel good about the momentum there and the short cycle activity in North America continuing, so pickup there. If you look at from the OFE perspective, again that's the strongest quarter we've had since 2015 with the announcement of Gorgon and Shwe wins and we feel very good about the improving visibility to projects in the future with the commodity pricing being range bound which is helping our customers decide on the larger FIDs. So as we look at in particular some of the gas oriented projects, we feel good about the positioning we have with the technology in our portfolio both on the OFS side and the OFE side segment. So on the OFE side, feeling good about the long term prospects there. TPS, again, continue to see constructive on the outlook of LNG and feeling good about the prospects there. I went to World Gas Conference and spoke to many of the customers. You've got LNG demand that continues to increase. So when you look overall at the longer cycle businesses of OFE and also TPS, we feel that the projects are going to be coming into play in second half 2018 beginning of 2019 and we feel positive with the outlook there and short cycle continuing to be positive.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Again, James, you have to look at the overall market demand, and we continue to expect LNG demand to double to about 500 million tons per annum by 2030. So growing at a pace of 4% to 5% more closer to 5% to 4% a year, and based on that growth, yes, you're starting to see a lot of projects being discussed at the World Gas Conference, many of the customers talking about project activity internationally as well as in North America. You saw that we were able to indicate the Cheniere’s Corpus Christi train free during our quarter, which is the first LNG in North America in some time. So, again, as you look at the activity second half 2018 and 2019, and we think that LNG market is a good outlook.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Ange, we continue to execute our strategy which includes looking at potential dispositions to further focus on our core activities. If you look at the NGS business it was part of our TPS segment. As you mentioned sale announced earlier this week. That's exactly that. It's a small business unit. There was non core and will do very well with its new owners. The sales anticipated to close in second half and we'll continue to invest in high-growth areas. And as we go through we'll continue to execute this strategy of looking and focusing on what's core.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Scott, so thanks for the question. I think may be taking a step back and maybe just to bring some history. If you look at what GE actually announced, it's completed its strategic Business Review and confirmed that it's going to separate BHGE over the next two to three years in an orderly fashion. As you know, BHGE has already been operating as an independent company over the last 12 months. So we're prepared and we'll continue to deliver to our customers the technology and all the capability that's required to execute in the oil and gas industry. And there are agreements in place to ensure that there's a seamless separation, and we're going to work with GE as they evaluate the timing and the structure of the separation. In relation to the agreements that we have in place today, they're across the technology and infrastructure and they're on an arm's-length basis already. And I think it's important also to remember when you look at Baker Hughes, as well as GE Oil and Gas, we've been in the industry for many decades, and we have all the capability that's required to execute within BHGE. So BHGE will remain and if today and will remain going forward, the channel for GE technology and specifically for gas turbines and aero derivatives in the oil and gas base. So we're going to continue to work on an arm's length relationship with GE on technology. And we have everything we need within BHGE.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Scott, we see -- again the international activity, as you know it's different than North America. It is very much contract base or it remains competitive from a pricing perspective. We do see pickup in some of the international markets from a perspective of activity levels. So we think there's going to be some modest opportunities for recovery and improvement there, and again we feel that overall the industry continues to recover as we go into 2019.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Dave, just on LNG and then firstly on Cheniere, it's a great win for BHGE and it is the first FID in some years here in the United States. It is also the fifth order for similar equipment for Cheniere Energy through Bechtel and BHGE. And I think again it just shows the confidence and also the heritage that we have within the LNG space. I think as you know the size and scale differs from project by project and so it's difficult to just take one and the call it as the same base, but from an average perspective you can look at this as being a good project and a proxy of different types of projects. If you look at LNG going forward, again, we see the trend positive and the overall market demand continuing to be strong. As we've mentioned before, there's going to be an LNG demand that doubles to 500 tons by 2030. And as I referenced some of the customer activity at the World Gas Conference in Washington, internationally as well as domestically here you've got a number of customers that are going through decision points of FIDs. And we see a strong outlook as you look at the back half of 2018-2019 relative to these projects moving forward. So we've got a lot of experience here, and we're looking forward to it.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Dave, if you look at what we've mentioned all along, there's been a commercial intensity focus through the integration, and that has been really rebuilding within the oilfield services, and it's regaining some of the presence that we have in some of the key regions and basins. You've seen some of the award announcements and we feel good about the processes that we put in place. There's been a complete revamp of the way in which we're incentivizing our salesforce making sure that there's accountability, that there's focus on the customers and you're seeing early wins and we're continuing the focus there from a standpoint of the commercial intensity. So we are not looking at asset light type of model anymore. There is an aspect of continuing to play the full spectrum leveraging the larger footprint of the combined company at BHGE. And we feel good about the progress being made and we'll continue on that front.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Kurt, and as you said correctly, there's definitely more of a positive sign in some of our geo markets. It's always too early to say everything Kurt or shake out in 2019, but you're seeing indications continued momentum in the Middle East where activity has continued to improve. And then also as you look at the North Sea, which is a key area of activity where we've historically had good share, we're seeing pockets of activity pick up there. You heard about the Equinor award obviously that we spoke about and then you also look at pockets of activity in Latin America continuing to be discussed. So as I go around and also speak to the customers and as you look at people starting to firm up their plans for 2019. You are starting to hear more about CapEx increases and projects moving forward. Again, it's going to vary by customer segments, but overall there's a sense of again positive direction there.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Jim and maybe just to clarify and again the strategy here is really we like overall our business set up in BHGE. There are some small elements here that are non core and we continue to have a strategy where we look at these, but I'd say it's minimal. And we like the position we have, and the focus of the company going forward.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Sure, Jim. If you think about the restructuring charges that we have to generate the synergies here as we've said before, heavier from a cash standpoint clearly this year. There might be some that goes into next year but it would be relatively small. And then I say looking at 2019, obviously, depending on how the market plays out, how things go we don't have big restructuring plans for 2019, but we've always got to look at our cost structure and make sure we're competitive there. And in terms of targets, as we've laid out we are driving the business to get to 90% free cash flow conversion. As I've said before we --it's a journey, we're making a lot of improvements, some core fundamentals and core metrics around our working capital performance are improving. But we still have some work to do there. So we're still committed to strong free cash flow.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks. Just a couple of quick points here. I just want to thank everybody for joining us today. Also we are celebrating our first 12 months, so I'm proud of what we've achieved and I do want to thank everybody for all the hard effort all the employees as well as for yourselves in joining us. And our outlook is becoming more positive and we remain focused on our priorities, which is we've said is making sure we gain share, growing also margin and free cash flow. So thanks a lot.
Brian Worrell: Yes. James, you've got the right math there, there's about a two-point drag on margin, so the base business was closer to 10%.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Ange, no change to the full year revenue and margin outlook for TPS. If you break it down a little bit, we for the last five quarters, we've had positive orders growth in TPS equipment. It was negative this quarter because of that large FLNG order we booked last year in Mozambique. So that's a really good set up for what we have that's going to convert here and the second half of the year we've got good visibility into the equipment backlog, and we see better mix coming through that backlog specifically in the fourth quarter. Also from a top-line perspective, if you remember last year each quarter we had negative orders fees and services. For both the first quarter and the second quarter of this year, we’ve had positive orders fee and services, and specifically on transactional services, we were up 15% in the second quarter and 8% for the half combined. So those orders will start to convert in the second half and that's also good for margin rates as we go into the second half. The other thing to think about from a margin perspective is Rod and the team have been executing on the cost out that we talked about earlier in the year, so we expect to see that pick up in the fourth quarter, and then with the normal year-end volume ramp that we've experienced in that business that's also good for cost absorption and volume leverage. So no change to the overall year.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Sure, Jud. We are pleased with where we are from a margin standpoint in OFS. It was one of the key tenets of the deal and a key priority as we close the deal and have been executing 550 basis points since the second quarter of last year. And to your point, we have executed a significant amount of synergies and most of them do come through in OFS. Incrementals are still very strong. We deliver 23% in the quarter and that's despite the non repeat of the D&A catch up we had last quarter, so feel good about the core incrementals of the business and you look at history the core incrementals on the base business had been between 20% and 25%. We would expect that to continue and the synergies would be on top of that as we continue to execute on the synergies. Earlier I did mention some modest headwinds around material inflation, that's really limited to a couple places in the business, where we have petrochemicals and oil as an input. And then also in a couple places where we use nickel and steel. So it's not broad-based inflation. It's in a couple of places and don't expect that to be a significant impact. So, look, we are confident in what we laid out in terms of the margin progression in OFS like the way the team under Maria Claudia are performing out in the field, taking cost out and feel good about where we are for the rest of the year.
Brian Worrell: Yes. You put all the synergies that got in with the incremental margins and the volume that comes through. It's certainly reasonable.
Brian Worrell: Yes, David. One thing to think specifically about with Cheniere is this is an add-on to a project that's already existing there, So there's a lot of the infrastructure and a lot of equipment that can be utilize that volume might actually be lower on this, but execution is much more straightforward since it's virtually a repeat of what we've done there before with some obvious tweaks, but anyway that's how I think about it specifically to Cheniere.
Brian Worrell: Yes, execution yes is much more straightforward on there and we've done things like this before, yes.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Sean, if you take a look at it from a pricing perspective, no real moves there or anything to raise any flags over. The team executed in the quarter and we're pleased with where they ended up. As I pointed out versus last year and that's really the way to kind of look at this business from the equipment standpoint, we had the large SLNG order in Mozambique last year that makes that compares a little bit tougher. And then the other thing, I'd reinforce here is the transactional orders volume increase. We saw that up quite a bit versus both last year and sequentially. If you look at services, total services versus the prior quarter up 11%, so again that's a strong indicator for conversion in the second half. And we've got a really good outlook and line of sight into what we think orders are going to do here in the second half.
Brian Worrell: Yes, look as I said, if I look at overall I'm not seeing any significant pricing moves on what we're booking right now. Obviously, depends on the market; depends on geography and application but what I'm seeing right now is in line with what we expected.
Brian Worrell: Yes. You did with the one-time charge that we had it-- that had about a two-point impact on the margin rate so around 10%.
Brian Worrell: The way I think about it is we've got a clear framework. We're focused on returns and improving ROIC, and we continue to evaluate that in light of the portfolio and how we're performing and where we're investing, so that's the way I think about it.
Brian Worrell: Yes. We did execute on the incremental $45 million of synergies in the quarter. We're pleased with the pacing of the synergies about $10 million of that was related to revenue, so $35 million of cost. And so what I'd say Marc is look, we're in line with our plan here to deliver the $700 million this year. And are working a strong funnel for 2019. So no real update to the aggregate number, but feel good about where we are and how the teams are executing.
Brian Worrell: Yes, I'd say if you look at it they might be slightly smaller, but again if you look at the ramp up to the total 700, they're not going to be too far off-- of where we were in the in the second quarter.
