Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, James, we feel really good about the execution of our strategy on the international side and we said we were going to be increasing commercial intensity there. You mentioned core OFS revenues up 12% in the quarter, 18% year-to-date. It's really driven by the Middle East, North Sea, Asia-Pacific, and we saw strong growth across multiple product lines as a number of our integrated well services contract ramp-up significantly.As we look for the rest of the year, we continue to see a positive outlook and I think you can now say that we're certainly in the double-digit growth range based on our strong performance in the first half. We do expect that growth rate to moderate somewhat in the second half as Brian mentioned, but we are now seeing positive signs in some of the other areas sub-Saharan Africa, Asia-Pacific, Latin America continued momentum in the Middle East. So solid international growth continues in 2019 and we like our positioning.As we look at 2020, a little bit early to call right now. We do expect to see growth continuing into international markets. Let's see how that continues to fall out with the activities in the Middle East and the North Sea.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, James I think again this is playing out the way we've said. And if you look at TPS, we've seen the LNG come through and we continue to feel positive about the second half outlook with regards to LNG. And our forecast is unchanged on that TPS and we remain committed to the strategy we're executing.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Angie and I think we've been talking about LNG for some time now. We indicate it back at the beginning of the year that we saw 100 million tons for 2019 with the fourth quarter of 2018. We're seeing about 50 million tons FID to date. And when you look at the growth and the expected demand by 2030, 550 million tons is going to be necessary from an LNG standpoint.And to put that into perspective as I mentioned, we need about 650 million tons of nameplate capacity. So the 380 million we have today and with some of the projects that have been sanctioned, we still see positive opportunities in LNG as we go forward. And I think you see some of those statements with the FERC approval of Venture Global, the Calcasieu Pass, Tellurian’s Driftwood, Sempra’s Port Arthur, and then you got opportunity internationally such as Qatar, which is a great opportunity to add capacity. So, again, feeling confident with the LNG side.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Angie. I did mention in the remarks that we are seeing some pricing improvements internationally. And that really is a factor of the excess capacity that's being absorbed. It will take some time for that all to come through, but with a period of stable growth in international markets, also driven by the large international tenders that we've been awarded. We feel good about the opportunity over the long term to continue to see the pricing come through.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Byron, it's a very good point that you mention. If you think about gas, we are large in gas. And in fact, when you look at our Oilfield Services product lines as well as our Oilfield Equipment site, we are more on the gas side than we are in the oil side. And I think in particular when you look at the gas oriented projects, they are increasing on the offshore side. And we feel that there is opportunities for integrated projects such as BP Tortue, which we talked about in the first quarter, and that helps both our OFE and also OFS segments as well.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Sean, if you think about the offshore market, our view is relatively unchanged from what we said at the beginning of the year specifically on the subsea tree demand. We see the same as about 2018, 2019 will be around 300 trees and we anticipate we are going to maintain our share. We've got a number of good projects in the pipeline that come through in the second half.You saw that we announced the GS4 with impacts which obviously comes through. And I think also encouraging is what we're seeing with the FPS site and that obviously comes through in 2020. So from a competitive standpoint subsea remains competitive, but we feel good and we like our portfolio. And the way we're structured today and feel good about 2020.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. Dave, I won't go through the specific operational side of ADNOC Drilling, but as you know, the partnership is one in which where we essentially have our employees with their employees and we're together in ADNOC drilling, actually completing the -- both the drill side and the services. And what this enables is efficiency.So with that integration and operational commitment that we have, we've been able to reduce the number of days to drill and as I mentioned, 88 days saved on the eight wells that have been drilled. And it's really a partnership that shows the success of collaboration. And we've seen that time and time again as we take away the silos between the operator and ourselves, we can find efficiencies and also the best-in-class technology that we've been providing them over the years.
Lorenzo Simonelli: So, Dave, we've been working hard on digital offerings since we formed BHGE and we've also been monitoring the space. And every time I meet with the customers, the topic of digitization is at the top of their mind and thinking about how it's moving, transitioning and really should look at the C3.ai partnership as being an extension of the ecosystem of the capabilities that we have in digital for our customers in improving their outcomes.Our collective goal is to deliver artificial intelligence that is faster, easier and more scalable and we're extremely excited about our partnership with C3, because it extends our reach. Also C3 is very well-known in the space across multiple industries. They are renowned for their artificial intelligence and we really see this being as the digital transformation of this industry as we go forward. So again it's a step that we're taking to be at the forefront with our customers.
Lorenzo Simonelli: No. The answer is no. And really it comes down to the cycle-time that these projects go through. And if you look at today's discussions and also today's spot pricing really isn't impacting the FID decisions that are going to be bringing online the LNG that's required for 2030.As you look at demand, Chinese LNG imports continue to grow. You got South Korea continuing to grow, India continuing to grow. It really is as a fuel source one of the growth as you continue to see the energy transition take place. So, again, you got to look at it from a multiyear perspective.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Look, as we mentioned, and again, we see the second half continuing to bode well for LNG. You've seen the FERC approval sort of gone through. So you look at Venture Global’s Calcasieu Pass to Lauren's Driftwood, you got port offer. There are a number of projects we stay very close to all of the customers and they're all working through it. I do anticipate that again in the second half we'll see some final FIDs on these projects and also internationally we've got other projects as well. So we look at it staying close to the customers, but LNG activities strong in the second half.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Thanks a lot. And just a few words in closing, I think we're very pleased with the execution in the second quarter. Our outlook is positive as our international business is growing and our longer-cycle businesses are rebuilding high-quality backlog, remaining focused on the priorities that we've set out from the beginning, gaining share, improving the margins and delivering strong cash flow. And I’d just like to end also in thanking Phil for two years and we wish him well going back to Europe and all the best to him and thanks a lot for joining us today on the call.
Brian Worrell: Yeah, Angie if I look, I’m really happy with how the team is performing here. We feel very strong about substantial increase in TPS orders this year. If I look at how that translates the forecast and the outlook for this year really remains unchanged, because a lot of the equipment orders that we're booking now, really won't start taking revenue on those until the second half of next year.The other dynamic that I highlighted is the transactional service orders are pretty strong. They've been strong through the past and that bodes well for the second half and reinforcing that our outlook is unchanged given what we see in the equipment backlog and how services is performing. So look, we expect strong orders to continue, and we'll talk with you guys about how that plays out in the P&L as we start to book those orders.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Byron, again, we do like the growth we're seeing internationally and it's after some hard work to regain market share. And some of that is off the back of executing really well on projects that we were executing last year. A lot of these international projects are in the early phases of execution and some of them are larger integrated well services contracts. And so the early stages of execution, we always have a learning curve, and we're coming up that learning curve right now. For example, in Equinor, we've ramped up into new fields and versus Troll, where we've been operating for 20 years and know that field really well and the crews.There are some teething pains as we worked through that. So profitable today but we feel like there are tailwinds as we go about execution curve for these large integrated well services contracts. So some of our product lines were operating in these fields for the first time so feel good about the execution that we've had to date and think we do have tailwinds and margin rate internationally as we continue to execute well for the customers.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Sean very happy with the performance here in the second quarter and the linearity for the year is lining up about like the linearity we had last year, given the cadence of the business and the volume. So if I take a look at the second half, you got a few dynamics here. We have been building up inventory to deliver on the volume in the second half of the year.So you will likely see an inventory drawdown there. We do expect significant volume ramps in the second half. So with that you will have some headwinds from receivables for an absolute number, but we are continuing to improve our working capital performance in the metrics.I mean days sales outstanding are down by 6 days, our inventory turns are up 0.5 points. Our days payable are up 17 days. So the team is making good progress on the efficient use of working capital.Do we expect with the orders coming in that progress collections will continue to come in helping the overall profile. And as you say, we pretty much have CapEx dialed in.So we’re pretty confident that our core working capital metrics will continue to get better here in the second half and improve year-over-year. And we're on track with what we talked about from a free cash flow standpoint earlier in the year.
Brian Worrell: And if I look particularly at the margins look, Neil and the team, we've been working with them on repositioning the business from cost standpoint like where we are there. I do expect sequential increases in their margin rate as we execute on the volume that's in the backlog and continue to see services growth in that business. If I look where we are today, really, pricing's not a headwind, given where we've been in the industry. So don't see a significant change there. And the other thing to think about, as you look at 2020 is, you've seen the recovery and the flexibles business in the orders and that’s actually a positive for 2020 margins just given the mix of that business.
Brian Worrell: Yeah. And then, just to reiterate, we are in early days of this contract as you pointed out. It's a relatively small number in terms of revenue and margin right now, but we do expect that to ramp through the year. And just as a reminder, we haven't even started on all the unconventional work that ADNOC is planning. So that's definitely tailwind as we look into next year and when they start their unconventional campaign. We're really well positioned for that.And I just reiterate what Lorenzo said there. We were bringing the best of what we have to offer to this partnership. We are working really closely with ADNOC Drilling and it's an integration and a partnership that I think is showing real results. So there's not any one particular thing there. It's the combination of how we're planning, working together, collaborating and we're very pleased with how it's performing and so is the ADNOC Drilling and the ADNOC team.
Brian Worrell: Yeah. And, Dave, the way I think about this is that the C3 technology and what we're doing within is really complementary to what we do today. Depending on what the customer is looking to achieve, it can go in with a lot of the other software offerings that we provide. Some of those are provided by GE, others we have in-house today.So it's really an integrated approach with a world-class provider. And we're really excited about the partnership with the C3 team and what we can integrate there and offer the customers to make a step function change for customers and their outcomes.The other thing that I'd point out that I really like about the C3 partnership is C3's got a lot of experience in other industries and with other companies and we're actually going to be able to take what C3 already has and use it internally to drive better process, more opportunities for cost reduction, better working capital management. So look I've spent some time with them and really excited about what we can do together for customers, but also what we can do internally to help back margins and returns inside of Baker.
Brian Worrell: Yeah, like I said we really have an unchanged outlook for TPS in total. In third quarter, we do expect the impact of those earlier customer deliveries that they requested that happened in the second quarter to have an impact on revenue in the third quarter, but no change to the full year. Don't see any change to mid-teens margins in the second half like we talked about. Again, so really good about how the team is performing there, good visibility on what's in the equipment backlog and we'll convert in the second half and then with the transactional service orders strength that we anticipated, feel good about their total year.
Brian Worrell: Yeah, look I think from a revenue standpoint as you look at the second half, we expect to see the international growth rates. They will moderate versus what we saw in the first half. And as I outlined expect North America to be slightly down. So, look, I still expect that we will expand margin rates in the year as well as sequentially through the second half. And the dynamics I talked about on international, on the large contracts we'll continue to get better as we operate more in those contracts but still expect sequential margin improvement as we progress through the year.
Brian Worrell: Yes, I think if you look I mean our services portfolio is a great portfolio. We've got the contractual services portfolio which is primarily LNG-related. And these are the long-term service contracts where we have guarantees in place about performance. We're on the site every day, working with the customer, planning all the service activities, and have obviously decades of experience with those. And we've got pretty good visibility into that revenue.The transactional services are basically services parts, field engineers, things of that nature that are not on contract, but again, we've got good line of sight into what needs to happen to the equipment and how it's operating throughout a quarter. But the customer actually determines when they buy parts or when they do the service. So, that's the distinction between transactional and contractual. So that transactional services has been up it's up 10% through the first half.Specifically on how these orders can be looked, orders that we're taking today for LNG you're not going to see that revenue come through really until the second half of 2020 and beyond. And then in the service cycle for those particular units, doesn’t really start until a few years after installations, depending on the application and where it is. So what we're doing today by winning all these equipment deals is we're building a great annuity stream for years to come.So the service activity that you're seeing today is on equipment that has been installed. Specifically around your question around mix, listen, we've got a profitable equipment business. It tends to be less profitable than services so as you have an outsized growth on equipment, it will have mix implication in terms of the overall business. But all of that is taken into account in terms of how we talk about the business and the margin progression in 2019 and 2020.
Brian Worrell: Yes, I think. We've talked about looking at the portfolio and making sure we are focused on core areas that are accretive return here. So, look, I don't have anything that is imminent or any place where we have to take any action. But look we'll continue to look at the portfolio and if the right opportunity comes along to be able to maximize value for shareholders expand returns, we'll take a look at it. But, again, there's nothing specific that we have to get done here.
