Martin S. Craighead: Yes, Kurt. You asked about a couple of things there. So you asked about pricing on the Pressure Pumping. So let me address it this way. We have some basins that are, let's say, the worst pricing, which would be your NGL-driven activity right now. But interestingly, I think as this quarter came to a close, it was becoming apparent that a lot of the capacity had moved out of the gas basins. As you heard us say on the call, we're pretty much there, if not all there, in terms of what we want to move. That's going to equalize the supply-demand situation. So we don't expect any more meaningful price deterioration in the basins that have given us problems in the past. Obviously, I think the old basins are pretty well balanced. You do have one basin that, like I say, is going through some rapid change, given the NGL situation. But other than that, I'm a little bit more optimistic now. I'm not saying pricing isn't going to continue to creep down overall, but it's definitely decelerated. And that's a positive. If you asked also about the pricing in our other product lines and the impact on that, it's really a technology type of driven event, Kurt. And you can go through all the different product lines. I don't want to do that right now. The guys can probably give you some color. But as I highlighted briefly, rotary steerables, particularly the Curve, some of the new technology on the Artificial Lift and, of course, FracPoint and all the derivatives of that are still driving some pretty impressive price gains, depending on the basin, depending on the customer and the application. So I don't know if that answers your question.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, James, there's a whole lot of rhetoric around that, so I want to limit my comments. But I'll put it this way. The contract you referred to, I know pretty well. I was fortunate enough to be involved in our drilling segment when that contract was awarded to us 5, 6, 7 years ago. I really can't remember now. And it's a meaningful piece of business for us. There's going to be a likely shift in share, but our presence there will still be significant. And I think that some of the rhetoric -- what's lost in all the rhetoric, I should say, is the fact that there's no guarantee of share. You have to earn the share. What the contract provides you is a opportunity. And performance is everything for Petrobras. It's everything, obviously, in those basins. So we're -- I've got to tell you, I haven't lost any sleep, and it's a bit of a nonevent in terms of the way the decisions were made. We felt comfortable with our pitch, given our time there, our cost structure, our infrastructure, our knowledge of the reservoir. So I think what you may want to take away, as you've seen in parts of Mexico, you saw it in Saudi Arabia 5 or 6 years ago, the only winner here, actually, might be the customer.
Martin S. Craighead: Both operationally and financially. And by the way, we just received an extension well into next year. No changes in pricing and activity for us. So like I say, down there, you get what you deserve. And so we're not worried.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, it's very soft. I think, in fact, just looking at some of the numbers over the last few days, our guys, the rig count, where it sits this week, is 3- or 4-year low relative to this time year-on-year. And where gas prices are with the Pressure Pumping saturation up there, I wouldn't expect -- we're not expecting to be able to deliver out of that business unit like we have in the past sequentially, 2 to 3.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, Bill, that's a great question, and we do think about it. But I've got to tell you, it's all hands on deck right now with -- so that would be -- it's going to be a good problem to have to address, and we will have to address it. What I would tell you is that the difference will be, at least for Baker Hughes, when we dislocated out of gas into oil, we went into -- we didn't have the facilities to move into. I want to say we went to a Walmart parking lot, but we had some difficult logistical issues to address. Given what's happened with gas in the previous 3 years, we were well under our way, as was BJ, in building pretty significant facilities. Now those facilities today sit underutilized in the big gas basins. So it would be a much easier, if you will, relocation back in than what we experienced moving into the oil, because we'll have the infrastructure. Now staffing may be a bit of an issue. We'll have to address that. But that should be the only, only item that would cause us any kind of pain, would be the people side. We have the infrastructure.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, I can, Jim. By far, it's Middle East, followed by Africa. And then I think you drop down to a Latin America, Europe type of story. And I think Asia Pacific, particularly, is going to continue to, to use Peter's term, grind it out. We just don't see the activity and, therefore, pricing coming back strongly there as we do in Africa and the Middle East into '13.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes. In the Middle East, of course, it'll be led this year by Saudi and Iraq into '13. And you could probably add on Kuwait as they move more into the horizontal markets. It's going to be fantastic for our business. And Oman should come back a little bit stronger than it was this year. And in terms of Africa, the strength later this year and into next year, I think, differentially will be Sierra Leone, Ivory Coast, of course, the deepwater plays in Mozambique and Tanzania and Nigeria. We could have a very positive surprise in Libya and Algeria. And I wouldn't say we're not banking on it. We are banking on it, but of course, it's got a higher beta right now.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes. It's going to be the most costly, based on the inventory workout, in Q3. And then if you look at 3 to 4, you'll start to see a -- it will be favorable. And as both Peter and I said in our commentary, it should then pick up a little bit of steam quarter 1 and so forth and hopefully get us back to where it's a nonevent. But like I said, should it be an event, we're taking actions to try to minimize that through either better contracting or replacing it.
Martin S. Craighead: I don't want to share an absolute revenue projection for U.S. onshore. But I think there's a, like I said earlier, a real bias towards this absorption of technology into these basins. And we can't keep up with the demand on some of those products and services at this stage. Now there's obviously a limited amount of pricing of power, given the economics that the customer's experiencing and so forth, but we don't have -- I don't have any worries about where our products sit relative to our competitors. And our portfolio, especially around production Chemicals, Artificial Lift and Completions, I think, is about as oily as you're going to find. And we're seeing strong pull in all of those. And then the other element of North America that I don't think has come out yet on this Q&A still is around the Gulf of Mexico. And we've got a couple drivers there. Pricing is getting better. Utilization is getting better. And the mix of the well types is getting more favorable for us and certainly well into '13. So yes, flat rig count is not generally a good indicator for our business, because it -- and all it takes is an extra wireline truck or an extra motor somewhere to start to bring prices down. That's just the nature of this business. We're generally -- we don't like to see a balanced condition. But when you actually drilled a layer below that and say, "Well, what can the AutoTrak Curve do versus a regular MWD motor system?" that's a whole different conversation with the customer, and some of those products, like I say, are in pretty tight supply. So we feel pretty optimistic, granted, cautiously, because there's still a lot of uncertainty out there. But we feel pretty good about our pricing on our other products and services and our mix.
Martin S. Craighead: I think we stand very well. The integration was never in question. As we reported on previous calls, we delivered the economic synergies with regards to the cost removals early on, back in '11. And in terms of our cross-selling and working as a team, the blue wellbores, we call it, is stronger than ever in terms of leveraging both products and services. As you'll recall on the last call, the issues we had around the Pressure Pumping product line didn't have anything to do with its products, its services or its well side execution. It just had some tactical decisions that we made around where we were operating, contract position and so forth. And we've taken actions to resolve that. So the integration was, in all aspects, I believe, very good and pretty much essentially complete.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, what I'll say, Ole, is kind of what I said earlier. On the pricing front, it's kind of hitting -- it's sliding in on a -- it has further to probably go in some of the gas basins, but it's decelerating. And it's obvious, I think, where it's going to land as capacity is rolled out. Do we have some downside risk in some of the oily basins? Yes. And it's probably weakening in some. And then you have one basin that's NGL-driven where I'd characterize it as a knife fight right now in terms of pricing. But overall, I'm a little bit more optimistic about where this is going to land than I was 1 quarter or 2 ago, and perhaps part of that is just our greater understanding of the business as we've -- as our teams have gotten their hands around it. That doesn't -- as Peter highlighted, the improvement in utilization that we had in our prepared commentary but also the supply chain benefits will come more into Q4 and into next year. So that's about all I can say on it.
Martin S. Craighead: No, no, we don't see it as a defensive business. It's a tremendous business, and it's so critical to being -- it's part of the fabric of who we are. It's a core business for us. I mean, if you define the company, I mean, we really revolve around Drilling, Completions and Pressure Pumping now. And all of those play so importantly to our customer. I mean, there's so much rhetoric, David, around unconventionals. I mean, you can't pick up a publication today, whether it's The Economist or The Journal or TIME Magazine or The New York Times, and they're not talking about the unconventionals. I think what's lost a bit is that the companies like ourselves and our bigger peers were the manufacturing companies of those unconventionals. I mean, we produce the wellbore. And you can't be in that business without having a leading organization like our Pressure Pumping business. And as we highlighted and shared with you guys as transparently as possible, we had some technical challenges -- I mean, tactical challenges, sorry. And I think some of you have met the new leadership team of that business. And they've delivered great results in a accelerated fashion, which is our -- the Baker Hughes way. And you couple that with things like AutoTrak Curve, FracPoint. And I go home at night, I can't think of a better business to be in, and Pressure Pumping is one of those.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, it is, David, because -- and in follow up to your earlier question, our drilling group, with the Curve, continues to drill longer and longer laterals faster. FracPoint guys and girls develop tools like FracPoint, DirectConnect and so forth, which give you greater and greater density for that lateral. And guess what that turns out? Just like you saw on our prepared remarks or heard in our prepared remarks, the number stages per day per fleet are going up. So a flat rig count, given that we're drilling longer laterals and more stages per lateral in addition to our customers down-spacing in some of these fields, yes, a flat rig count is fine.
Martin S. Craighead: With discipline on how much horsepower is added, of course. But hopefully, that will -- hopefully, everybody's kind of learned their lesson. This wasn't a -- this issue around Pressure Pumping wasn't a customer lack of demand. It was a supply-driven problem, and we're getting our hands around it.
Martin S. Craighead: Right. I think the shoe is dropping in South Texas, no doubt about it. And in terms of the Bakken and the Permian, I'm a little bit more concerned about the Bakken than I am the Permian, even though the Permian, I think, has a greater degree of NGLs. It's a -- that differential in the Bakken is -- I'd say that depending on the player and what his core property is, average of, say, a $15 differential. Probably as long as it's 85-plus in the Bakken, we're fine. I think if it gets close to 80, people start getting a bit nervous. And if it goes below 80, you could start to see -- for a sustained time, you could start to see some rigs coming off. But the whole NGL situation has unfolded so fast, David. I mean, it's down, what, some of it 40% year-on-year? And most of that is in the last 3 or 4 months. So I think we still don't know, to your question around the shoe dropping. But it's already dropped in South Texas. That's for sure.
Peter A. Ragauss: Well, this is Peter. We don't have that much conviction since we've delivered most of that already. I think we came a little bit earlier. We had quite a few good, quick wins. Our utilization of our workforce is a lot higher than it was, say, even 2 quarters ago. We're running more 24-hour frac fleets. Our logistics and freight costs have come down sequentially, so we feel pretty -- in fact, we're there, pretty much, on meeting that self-help. It doesn't mean there isn't more that we've identified that can't benefit us in later quarters. Quite -- and a lot of that has to do with customer mix and utilization, which, I think, take a little bit longer to realize. But as far as the reduction in costs and getting more efficient, we have achieved quite a bit of it already.
Peter A. Ragauss: Initially, to pay down our commercial paper, which is about a little over $1 billion right now, so that's the obvious one. We've had quite a bit of increase in working capital in the first half of the year as we've taken on proppants, guar, et cetera. So we want to pay some of that working capital down. But we're still cash negative for the year, and I think what we want to do is continue to get ourselves in a cash positive position before we start worrying about increasing returns and that sort of thing.
Peter A. Ragauss: Well, your bookends are this quarter at 13.7. And we did say we expect to have an exit rate higher than the exit rate last year, so somewhere above 15.5%. So we've got 200 basis points or so to achieve that, and it's probably a pretty steady grind up from here. And I think the operative word we've been using the last month is grind because it is a volume-driven phenomenon. We are seeing some pockets of price in smaller tenders only to be consumed by discounts on big tenders. But yes, we still feel pretty good about the rig count. We have high visibility on our current contracts, especially in the near term. So we see margins improving from here.
Peter A. Ragauss: The breakup was in line with last year. There is nothing unusual about it, neither better nor worse in terms of our decline in operating profit coming out of Canada. It's pretty much flattish compared to last year.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, that's probably a reach. And don't forget, we've mentioned -- we think our traditional businesses will be affected a bit by the rig count. But you're starting to see Pressure Pumping pricing hitting Canada a little bit, and we are seeing guar cost increases in Canada. So you've got combination of the rig count affecting all the product lines, and you got the unique phenomenon of Pressure Pumping, which is under a little bit more pressure than the rest of our product line.
Peter A. Ragauss: Let me just add that Q2 to Q3 will be an increase in cost, just to be clear. Whether or not Q4 comes down to Q2 levels remains to be seen depending on how much we can contract at today's prices. So we're not expecting Q4 to be much below Q2 at this point.
Peter A. Ragauss: We said 2.7 to 2.9. You'll see in the press release we've spent about 1.4 in the first half. And we're on pace for the midpoint of the 2.7 and 2.9.
Peter A. Ragauss: Yes, let me just clarify. The 8% excludes any impact from Iraq. And we feel okay about that. We feel there's a bit of a ramp-up coming in the second half of the year. And of course, we'll obviously update that next quarter. Yes, we still feel okay about double-digit international revenue growth. As I said earlier, we have good visibility of our contracts, prices and so on, particularly in the near term. And we usually are very good at predicting our revenues internationally, and I don't feel that that's changed any -- that hasn't changed in the past 6 months.
Peter A. Ragauss: Going into Q3, the answer is no because you talked about leading-edge, but we still have inventories of guar that are going to drive our guar costs up sequentially. And I think that's a big factor that's probably going to drive margins down into Q3. And then only when we start working through that inventory will we see some benefit. And I think all the other factors of self-help versus price and all that, they feel like they're possibly getting into balance.
Peter A. Ragauss: And I am referring to onshore U.S. Canada, it's just getting started, and pricing is more uncertain, almost, there, because we're starting to feel it. So...
