Martin S. Craighead: No, our target for our team is 50% of the fleet by the end of the year. And a lot of that, as you know, James, is driven by the customer mix, which is trending in the right direction. So I'm confident we'll get there, 50% of the fleet.
Martin S. Craighead: Okay. I would answer it this way, Kurt, certainly, the Middle East is the center of the world right now for the growth in activity, but it's not limited to there. And we've tried to take a measured tone with the outlook, and I appreciate the fact that you recognize how positive we are, but it's kind of a steady as she goes but trending in the right direction with maybe an increasing upward bias. We have been looking for a while for the catalyst, if you will, somebody to come out in the Eastern Hemisphere particularly and have very ambitious plans about expanding their production. And probably no surprise, once again, it's -- Saudi has stepped up and is mobilizing these rigs. And what we learned in the '05, '06 sequence was that Saudi's neighbors generally follow suit, and it drives a certain mentality across operators all across the Eastern Hemisphere in terms of access to people and equipment and particularly the higher-technology products and services that Saudi absorbs. So I'm very optimistic. I think we have all been frustrated with the lack of pricing traction. I wouldn't expect that it's going to be that meaningful in the second half, as you know, given the tendering cycles and delay of projects after a project is awarded in terms of when it starts. But given the momentum we're building into the second half of this year, all across the international and particularly our position in Europe, in Africa and of course, the Middle East, and we haven't even mentioned Iraq, given that momentum, '14, I think, is going to be stronger. And I'd be cautious about comparing it to the numbers we posted back in '05, '06 internationally, but it's a little early to tell if we can get there. But certainly, it's going in the right direction. There's no doubt about it.
Martin S. Craighead: I wouldn't say it's going to rapidly accelerate, but I'll say that I think there's a little bit more optimism out there with the favorability we've gotten on gas recently versus -- granted, it's just recently happened. There's a little bit of slight correction on the oil side. But I think the movement in gas has got a little bit more of an impact right now in terms of the temperament of our customers. And as I said, don't expect any kind of reactivation in the dry gas basins. If there was a pickup, it'd probably be the Marcellus first and the Haynesville last. But just putting a little bit more money in our customers' pockets, I think there's a lot of oil-directed drilling out there that's a little -- that's kind of on the margin, and we could see it move in the right direction. So I think, again, it's looking good in the second half and -- but we're not projecting any kind of takeoff in North America at this stage. I don't know, Peter, do you...
Martin S. Craighead: On this -- the bolt issue is behind us, behind the industry. But there's a couple of issues, it's not just -- I mean, the bolts were kind of unexpected. It was dealt with. I think 11 rigs were affected. We had a large share of that, and that is behind us. But there's still a great deal of inefficiency. And Bill, I'm sure with all the customers you talk with, it reminds me of what we went through 18 months or 2 years ago with the permitting situation. A lot of confusion, customers are not going to run in the hole if everything is not checked out right. There's some new regulations with regards to testing the shear rams, pulling the stacks on a more frequent basis than before. And so -- and let's face it, in the past, I think, if you had redundancy, if one didn't -- one pod didn't check out, you were okay. Today, nobody's going to run in the hole unless everything checks out perfectly. So -- and then there's some moving -- still some moving dynamics on the regulations, and so it feels a lot like the permitting situation, which did sort itself out, but not in 1 quarter. So I mean, for your models, the bolts are behind us, but we still have some inefficiencies. Q2 is better than Q1. Q3 will be better than Q2, barring any weather issues. But it's not where it needs to be from a clarity around these regulations yet.
Martin S. Craighead: Right but outlook is strong on rig count. But you know that we added several rigs from Q4 to Q1, deepwater newbuilds, and let me tell you, the market contracted nearly double digits, Bill, because of the inefficiency. So the rig count is growing, but the inefficiency is growing faster. And now that will abate and eventually go away, but right now, I'd say for the next couple -- 2 to 3 quarters, I'm not going to try to guess when our government and our customers are going to get on the same page. And right now, it's affecting us.
Martin S. Craighead: I think you're exactly right, Jim. It's not our intention to -- and thanks for bringing up a competitor product name on our call, Jim. But it's not our...
Martin S. Craighead: That's all right. It's not our intention to displace the incumbent in the installed base. But it is our intention to have a better product for our customers who choose to access it, and certainly, JewelSuite and JewelEarth, the platform is a much newer architecture than anything that's out there, including the big provider. And that enables our customers -- and I tell you, you're right, it's a lot about our own internal use as we work with our customers on these unconventionals, as we hook up with CGG and do some things on trying to high-grade the areas we're frac-ing and so forth. A lot of our IOC customers have expressed interest because, as they develop their own best-in-class analysis capabilities, they need to be able to not just port and connect, but weave the analysis into a new platform that's simulation all the way to the refinery, and JewelSuite can do that. So it's a much more receptive vehicle for the new stuff that our big customers are working on. And it's important to them because as they partner with IOC, NOCs and try to differentiate themselves, a lot of it is around their own intellectual property, and they just want to be able to use a platform that's more modern. So is it our intention to become a massive software house? Absolutely not. But to put a product out there that's better than anything else on the market, we'll let it do its own talk.
Martin S. Craighead: That's a good question. It's settled down a lot in North America. There was quite a bit of turnover in the Pressure Pumping business this time last year. It was abating, and then now it's down to normal levels and manageable levels. We are -- I think the industry is exceptionally tight on your subsurface expertise. There's a war on talent in that area, geoscientists, LWD, MWD, directional drillers. Once again, there's always a little bit of trickling back and forth between these big service companies. There's a bit of a leakage to your smaller providers, and there's probably been a pickup in leakage of our talent to our customers. That's just kind of par for the course. But I wouldn't -- we're not modeling any material inflation. I don't know, Peter, any...
Martin S. Craighead: And Jim, let me just follow up. I know the question was international, but from a domestic standpoint, the job creation engine that these unconventionals and particularly the big service providers is continuing. And it's pedals to the metal in terms of attracting the best talent for these basins, so it's a real positive on that front.
Martin S. Craighead: I'm cautious about calling a bottom on that. We had mid-single-digit decline, 4 to 1. You can take that number and maybe trim it down a little bit from 1 to 2. So it's kind of we're vectoring in on leveling off. We have more weakness in Q3. It's possible, but it's negligible, let me put it that way. But I'm not going to call a bottom on it.
Martin S. Craighead: No, we've seen some -- we've seen more competitors in the space on the more basic types of sliding sleeve. But I think maybe Trey or Eric can get you some of that. My feeling would be, honestly, David, that it's a much broader customer base than we had this time last year, much broader, and it depends on the customer, if some feel that the plug and perf are working. But I think the data is there that kind of more sophisticated operators acknowledge the fact that the sliding sleeve gets them exactly what they want. So -- and then remember, we have sliding sleeve capabilities out there now that we didn't have this time last year so that's a product that continues to evolve technically as well. So the penetration is -- I would bet a lot that it's much broader than it was this time last year.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes. I think Iraq has got quite a journey from a service company perspective to be -- it's going to contribute earnings. Is it going to get to a point that it's accretive? I don't see that yet. I mean, I just don't see that yet. But of course, it's a country in one of the most profitable regions of the world. But it is going in the right direction. I do expect us to be profitable by the end of the year. And that's a big shift given where we were and given the size of that business, so it's not immaterial to the overall results. I think the market there has to evolve to the next level. I think our -- it needs to start with our customers being more successful in terms of their own economics before we, as contractors, are going to be able to extract, let's say, accretive margins in there. And Byron, I think the thing we have to keep in mind with regards to Iraq is this is not a fly-by country in terms of its potential, in terms of its -- what's under the ground. And the infrastructure that we have all put into that place, it may be a few years from now, but I think it could be another Brazil, it could be another Norway, it could be another Saudi in terms of its contribution. And I don't have to go back very far in my memory to realize that all 3 of those countries at times were, if you will, disappointing. So this is a long-term business, but it's got all the right fundamentals. Customers are still trying to find their footing. But I'm real proud of the job that our folks have done, I mean, just tremendous performance in terms of our drilling, in terms of sorting some of the logistic issues, and so it's the right thing to be doing.
Martin S. Craighead: Okay, that's a good question, a pretty broad one. Let me try to come at it this way. First of all, this is an evolving market and it's even a bit ambitious to say that it's already getting started, it is, but it's right on our doorstep and particularly around the completion side in the deepwater here. We -- when we were drilling some of these wells and making some of these discoveries, it was frightening to hear our customers say 2 years ago that the technology just simply did not exist to complete the wells. Now you've been through, as many of the listeners have, through our Center for Technology Innovation, and that was a pretty forward-looking investment in terms of roofline and capabilities, where we can test things to 700 degrees Fahrenheit and 40,000 PSI. Without that capability, we would not be having a solution that we can put on the table for our customers to begin mobilizing later this year and throughout the next 3 or 4 or 5 years in the Gulf. So I think we stand unique in having that package and being able to have that discussion. The additional part was, again listening to our customers, was we needed a similar facility to understand subsea boosting and have the reliability necessary to run an ESP and leave it in the ground for 5 years before you turn it on, on a $200 million well. And that's what's been coming out of the ground now up in Oklahoma is a center very much like the CTI that will take ESPs to a whole new level of reliability. So the penetration and the market share is going to continue to increase, but it's built on the back of having very unique products that nobody else can put out there. And I feel very confident that we're going in the right direction on that. And I think the Gulf of Mexico is going to be a proving ground for the rest of the world in terms of these type of wells, and we're not -we don't stand unique in having these lower tertiary-type of formations. So I'm very optimistic, Jim.
Martin S. Craighead: Yes, and we're the leading driller in the Gulf. So now we're the leading driller in Norway. We've been the leading driller and today, we still are in Brazil.
Peter A. Ragauss: But just mathematically, obviously, the rig count, we're projecting modest growth from here. If the rig count goes up and the efficiencies continue, then the well count by -- mathematically goes up high-single digits or double digit from here. And Q1 was a nice recovery over Q4. So if that trend continues, the number of wells drilled and the number of wells completed goes up and the number of stages goes up, and it's very positive.
Peter A. Ragauss: Bill, this is Peter. The rig count was up, I think, 6% sequentially in the Gulf, and we reckon the market was down more than that, more than -- negative of that.
Peter A. Ragauss: This is Peter. I'm just -- I think we're looking in line with the rig count overall for international year-over-year.
Peter A. Ragauss: No, no, we're not. In fact, we're not modeling it. We're not seeing it. But you're right to point out that there's some pessimism about the industry. But when you look at the number of jobs we do internationally, we're at record levels. We've had 3 years in a row of growth in the international rig count. We're sold out in many places. The good news is we don't have high turnover internationally anyway, so we're not seeing any inflation there. But we had record revenues in all of our international segments in Q4, and we expect revenue growth again this year. So things are strong internationally in terms of activity levels, and that's why we're so optimistic about 2014.
