Peter Ragauss: That’s one factor Jim. There really are really two factors that come in to play. We’ve had higher than planned losses in certain countries such as Iraq that have no tax benefit associated with them. 
Peter Ragauss: And we expect that Iraq operationally will improve over the coming quarters. So that’s one thing that’s part of the geographic mix comment. But it’s also true secondly that we also had better than planned results in the US, both onshore and in the Gulf of Mexico this quarter, which are taxed at the higher US tax rate. So those two are playing in and we think – but thinking about 2015 we are planning some structural moves that will help on the tax rate overall and the mix will change going into 2015.
Peter Ragauss: No, we should expect both single digit revenue increases across the board there in international regions. 
Peter Ragauss: I said that there is a little over $100 million in total, most of which will be coming out of North America.
Peter Ragauss: Bill you can do math, we are not coming out with margin guidance, we are just telling you the best guess as the overall operating profit improvement. 
Peter Ragauss: Chuck let me take a stab at it. We are still seeing pretty growth, and I guess that the greatest growth is still in the Middle East, that’s driven by Saudi, the South Arabian Gulf, Kuwait, Qatar etcetera. That’s the biggest single inflexion. Africa we are still seeing it up significantly, second to the Middle East and that’s in Central Africa and other places. Europe’s still decent, third in the pecking order if you will. Asia-Pac a little lower.  I guess if there’s one disappointment it’s been Latin America, it’s actually been flat year-on-year. We are talking about a 9% before and Latin America is not delivered if you will. So that’s caused us to take it down a little bit. So we still feel pretty good about the second half of the year at this point. 
Peter Ragauss: Norway we are showing pretty much flat year-on-year, may be down a little bit, but that’s made up in other places like Continental Europe. So we were not expecting great rig increases in Norway and we are not seeing it. 
Peter Ragauss: We are expecting a little bit of an increase in Q3 in the [Europe] region, just like we are, mostly with the exception of Middle East, Asia Pacific, and product sales should improve in to the fourth quarter. I am not going to give you specific guidance now on to the fourth quarter, but certainly a little bit, certainly ought to be higher than Q2. 
Martin Craighead: Byron, we would fully expect to outpace the rig count not only in North America but as we’ve done eastern hemisphere as well. And there’s two fundamental underlying reasons for that, one is, as you very well know in North America the service intensity per well is likely to increase, and that’s starting to also materialize as we talked about the Saudi Arabia completion installation.  And this ties to the second driver if you will is that the technical challenges our customers are facing whether it be in the unconventionals, whether it be in the deepwater markets or whether it be in the, let’s say, prolific eastern hemisphere land markets, that this appetite for improving the ultimate recovery or optimizing production or making well conversions more efficient is just absolutely going to continue to grow, and that means that the money spent likely per well is just going to continue to grow and therefore our business should well outpace than we would fully expect that we would outpace rig count and well count. 
Martin Craighead: That is a fair assumption. There’s really three, like a lot of our super regions, they are very contrasts within the segment. Africa is certainly a growth story, but even there you could segment the north from the west, and Russia Caspian has really just, it’s on fire, it’s just posting great results and the leadership team there is just fantastic, and we are seeing some underlying fundamentals there as well Byron and greater appetite for technology, and service quality and that’s a bit of a departure from the years past.  And then you have the North Sea, which it’s far more mature and there are some dynamics there that I think you could say that the North Sea is still trying to find its way in terms of our customers. But we had a strong quarter in the UK and certainly a rebound from the weather issues in Q1 as I said.  And I think the Norwegian market with some of the recent successes our customers had there geologically, but yet again still struggling a little bit to try to understand the capital allocation and the return on their own investments might slow down that region down a bit for the next 12 to 18 months.  But overall we are pretty optimistic and quite ambitious as is the leadership team to continue to outpace the market. 
Martin Craighead: Well our appetite in Brazil remains high, Bill, and we’ve never obviously appreciated the reduction in our share count, considering the performance that we have there which is leading hands down. We drilled far more pre-salt wells than anyone else in the country and ourself and one of our peers has probably drilled in excess of 80% of all the wells in those basins.  And it’s not just about the drilling, our appetite across the entire product line mix is high, and our relationship with our customer there is strong, and they represent I think one of the most capable deepwater operators in the world, and our partnership with them is highly valuable, as it drives value in other basins around the world.  So as to the tender I am not going to share with you our strategy, but certainly economics and is a – particularly in the global environment we find our self in now economics is first and foremost in my mind We are not revenue hounds, we are not share hounds, and we’ve got our investors looked after and that market deserves to reward its suppliers is perhaps some of the highest in the world considering what’s the technology that’s being deployed, and if we can’t make those kind of standards then we take our toys elsewhere. I don’t know what else to say.
Martin Craighead: Waqar, I think lets talk about the US because we had the decline in the Canadian business and our largest business up there is pressure pumping, so that’s an unusual event that occurs every spring, so lets take that out. In the US there was a nice margin walk in that business. We don’t break out the product line profitability, but sequentially in the US there it was a big contributor. But as we highlighted in the prepared remarks, we also hit record revenues and margins in a couple of the key product lines. So it’s increasingly a more balanced portfolio. In terms of utilization, it’s getting to the point now that our 24 hours schedule is probably 65% of the fleets and capacity is tight, and the utilization numbers are just about maxing out. But it is also something that’s infinitely perfectable as I say just like our supply chain and we are never giving up to try to sweat the assets a bit more.  And I appreciate your question around capacity adds, but I am not in a position comfortable with to discuss those kind of plans publicly Waqar.
Martin Craighead: You never done, you never done. All right never done. But I can tell you that compared to where our Pressure Pumping business was two years ago in the space of supply chain utilization, customer mix, contract management, being in the right basins, we are completely different, we have a plan, we have the right people in place to understand the business and execute to that plan.  The risk of repeating myself, of what I said on every one of these calls, it’s not going fast enough, but it’s going in the right direction. 
Martin Craighead: No. We showed you something there quite special, but its something that we keep to ourselves and you guys will be some of the first that will see it when it’s ready to go.
Martin Craighead: In the Q3 as it relates to margin, lets leave revenue off the table. As it relates to margin, we probably have in that product line 25% associated with product substitution or new technology, probably have another 25% associated with improved utilization as I mentioned to Waqar where we got to look still some one to rock but it is tightening up, and then the last half of that would be market [hordes] this pricing that would be my best estimate, Ole.
Martin Craighead: I characterize it as we are a lot more muscled up in capabilities around supply chain and managing that side of the business as than we have ever been in my experience with that business, ever been. And so I think we are in kind of a good position as the cycle unfolds in North America as you say the appetite for more sand is really growing particularly in the Permian as our customers stay in that experimentation mode.  As we looked at the data, I was a bit surprised that every basin actually is incrementally added lengths to their wells. I thought we would have by now may be decided to taper off. So the trend is there was going to be more sand, and the sand issue isn’t at the sand face so to speak. I don’t think there an issue with the mines, there are some particular issues may be in some of the white and the larger grained 20-40, 10-30 whatever.  But it seems to be a little bit more around the logistics. And then if you drill in to the logistics, its not really the trains and all the investments we’ve done there, it could be around the trucking issues, which I think is more temporary and less structural. Could be some cost inflation on that space, but fully expect our teams to pass that cost on. So the quick answer is, do I think we’ll have some supply constraints in the fourth quarter? The answer is yes. I think we will manage them pretty well. We’ll certainly manage them a hell of a lot better than we ever have in the past, and I think it will be a little basis specific. It won’t be across North America and I think it will be more of the road transport than the big rail transport. 
Martin Craighead: I would say that staying away from the issue of pricing, let me frame it up that, the capacity is very tight in a couple of basins and still a little loose in a couple of others. Overall, across the US basins in the second quarter again excluding Canada’s unusual situation, it’s a materially tighter environment than it was last quarter.  I am glad you asked about some of the other product line although than just pressure pumping. There are pricing gains being realized particularly in the drilling services and particularly in artificial lift given the introduction of some of the newer technologies. So those two artificial lift and drilling are realizing price gains and on the pressure pumping side I will just say that this capacity is tightening, okay.
Martin Craighead: I still think we are 20% over capacitized in North America. I think there is still some repositioning that has to go on. I don’t think it’s strictly an equipment situation, I think it’s a more acute problem with crews. So absorbing this capacity is getting it to work is going to be on getting the crews ready to go. Am I concerned about other folks adding capacity? I don’t worry about what I can’t control. So we have a pretty disciplined approach. I can tell you as to how we’ll introduce capital to the market and if it can’t give us the returns that AutoTrak Curve can’t or a FLEXPump curve or an investment in the Middle East then we are not adding capacity.
Martin Craighead: Let me just follow-up on the previous question. The completions contract is really a late Q4 early ’15 implementation, I just wanted to clarify that. As to seismic acquisition we are not in it, we are not in the business.  We feel pretty confident in our relationship and ongoing strengthening ties with CGG, and we are more focused on all the internal processing and interpretation capabilities. And whether its in the micro seismic world or in the Middle East where we are trying to do some walkaways, and help our customers understand the geo model better or the earth model.  The arrangement we are in right now seems to be appropriate for us. 
Martin Craighead: No, I don’t I would challenge me ever saying it was only 10% over capacitized. So I think it’s – okay. 
Bill Herbert: Peter could you just frame your comments or amplify on your comment of 15% improvement in operating income for the third quarter. Is that the way to EBIT or profit before tax, and if that presumes kind of flat to up sequentially internationally then that presumes a rather muted rate of expansion in North America given the seasonal recovery in Canada.  So I am just curious as to what drives only a 15% improvement in operating income. But I though you would have done better given the momentum in North America and onshore to seasonal in Canada and the completions mix shift in the Gulf of Mexico in the second half of the year. 
Bill Herbert: Okay, that’s fine. That’s better and that’s more transparent. That still strikes me as a little bit conservative with regard to North America, especially given the incrementals that Canada is likely to carry the ongoing incrementals in US LAN given your journey as to the self recovery with regard to your frac operations.  What does that imply for North American in the third quarter? I would have thought that would have been 15%.
Bill Herbert: I get it. I understand its healthy growth, but I also think that you have some unique circumstances as well with regards to the ongoing improvement in your frac operation in your seasonal exposure to Canada, the mix shift in the Gulf of Mexico. Be that as it may, those are my views and I certainly appreciate the guidance. That’s all I basically have. Thank you very much.
