Martin Craighead: Thanks for recognizing that, James. We put a lot of hard work into working capital, particularly this year. I wouldn't say anything as a one-off. In fact, we'd probably set a new baseline in some of our days outstanding whether it's DSOs or days payable. And we put a big focus on it this year. We put in some new processes, particularly around billing and invoicing that helped our receivable reduction in particular. So I think there's probably more to do on the receivable side going into 2014. So I wouldn't expect we'd take a decreasing working capital in 2014, but some decreasing in sort of the days sales outstanding. But I got to commend the teams, because we put some stretched targets out there and they exceeded every one of them. So they did a very good job in 2013.
Martin Craighead: James, I don't want to comment on a particular product line. Profitability performance, I'll tell you that I don't think we're on the fairway yet and we have a lot of opportunity to center this business relative to the market. As we've laid out in the past a really, really solid plan, great metrics, milestones. Plans are working. I mean no one wants to go faster than I do. We're getting there. You know what to do. And I'm very confident, but I'd like to avoid the profitability answer.
Martin Craighead: Yeah, absolutely. So, Jim, you've been, like a lot of the other listeners, have been with us for quite a while. And seven, eight years, five years ago, we had some challenges in a couple of countries in West Africa. I think one of our customers, you guys stuck with us, and it's starting to pay off dividends. We've been winning some nice contracts. Our brand is much stronger than it's ever been, both with the national oil companies, well, it's always been strong with the IOCs, but we've made a lot of nice gains. And our customers are having good geological success. I'm very optimistic the pre-salt stretch across that region. Our completions business is exceptionally strong. The drilling business is strong. It's a nice mix of both NOCs as well as IOCs and even some European independents. So I'm very optimistic on that part. And I would say of all Africa, while East Africa was certainly a story in '12 and '13 and will into '14, I think West Africa will be more of a story in '14 and '15.
Martin Craighead: I don't think the activity plans have changed, Jim. I think it's a very good question, because I think what changes the uncertainty has gotten greater. And you're right, there's definitely an appetite, I think, on the side of our customer down there to decide what exactly they want to fund and what they don't. I'm hoping if you're not going to getting the cash flows. So there's this high degree of uncertainty. We're trying to figure it out. We like the projects that were recently tendered. We did what we felt was an appropriate number. We weren't successful. I'm disappointed we were unsuccessful, but I'm not disappointed in how we tendered it. These are still long-term turnkey contracts and albeit Iraq or Mexico and some of these places, there's a lot of risk associated on the service company size. But I think we've tried to be a bit more prudent and with a measured outlook of how to go after these, again, as you kind of highlight, within the context of the uncertainty right there.
Martin Craighead: Let me say this. Our 24-hour work in the fourth quarter did contribute to the margin, albeit small expansion in the Pressure Pumping product line and it will continue to. Today, we set up around 55% and I expect to get somewhere into 70% by the end of next year, which I think it will probably stay at. If you couple the incremental gains in Pressure Pumping that we expect, a strengthening Gulf of Mexico outlook, particularly around the stimulation and completions in the second half of the year and a general increase in well counts, and this isn't the date out there, but we put it at around 5% or so, and a growing appetite for technology, because our customers, I think, are going to squeeze about the last drops out of the efficiency curve that they're going to get. And it's going to be about making better wells. I fully expect that we can get to the mid-teens by the second half of the year.
Martin Craighead: Okay. So in 2012 and '13, about half of the wells drilled were horizontal. In 2012, 40% of those were from a PAD based on our calculations and estimates. In 2013, it went up 50% to 60% of the horizontal wells were on PADs. Now you can't keep going up 50% every year. So I think on a multiple fronts, I don't care if it's the drilling, the completions, the PAD drilling, this efficiency curve is flat-lining for our customers. And you're not going to get every horizontal well off of a PAD. So if we sit at 60% today, let's say next year we may get to 80%, and I don't know how much more you can get past that.
Martin Craighead: Scott, I'm not going to quantify at this stage, prefer not to. But you touched on the drivers. And I think some of the drivers actually are missed and that's this technology side. There will be, I think, an increase in efficiency associated with the PAD. So we're going to get more revenue on a daily basis. And it will again, disconnect from the rig count a bit. There will be of course a strengthening off of Mexico. I think Canada is going to be pretty much flat year-on-year. But you're going to see whether it's the one I talked about today, the Shadow Plug, it sells at a premium and that premium is being tested upwards, not downwards, because of the value that it's providing. So the biases on revenue, to me, are all going in the right direction to the right. We did see some price slippage from three to four and you pretty much know what product line that was, but it was small. And frankly, I think there will may be even a little bit more price slippage into Q1 on that one particular product line. But other than that, I think most of the arrows are going in the right direction.
Martin Craighead: As we posted pretty consistently, I expect that revenues in every region will outgrow the rig count. On a country basis, there may be some decisions made that go against that. But on a regional basis, I would fully expect that we'd do better than rig count. And from an international perspective, you look at this way, in Latin America, it's pretty much driven around the Andean belt. It's possible that the Southern count could be a surprise in 2014, a favorable surprise as in way it materialized so far. Certainly the Middle East led by Saudi, I think, will see a pretty good increase in rig count in Iraq. I'm not so sure frankly that that's got much more appetite for some of those contracts we're on right now. So I'm not so sure our revenue will average the pace of the rig count. And the Gulf region along with Saudi will be strong. I think Australia has got a pretty strong outlook. And given these will be flat, given the elections, I think places like Malaysia, Vietnam and even Myanmar are going to have a pretty sharp rig count growth from a percentage standpoint. And then as I mentioned to Jim earlier, I think West Africa is going to see a pretty strong increase on the rigs, whereas East will be relatively flat. So revenue is strong in those respective areas. And certainly I would expect, Iraq notwithstanding, us outpacing rig count in terms of revenue.
Martin Craighead: Let's take the Pressure Pumping business. We haven't had any help from the market in improving those margins, right? Those are all self-help, albeit they were starting from maybe a more challenged positioned and fully expected that we would swim upstream. But we're going to continue to, because as I said earlier, we saw a lot more opportunity beginning and the middle of fairway. So that's a big part of it. And we don't need the market to help us. The Gulf of Mexico has got a pretty sharp up and down and it's trending in the right direction in terms of the rig mix and type of work that our customers will be calling out whether it's stimulation or completions. And when I say pretty sharp up and down, I mean it can have really strong incrementals and detrimentals, and I expect it to have incrementals given the way the market is unfolding. And back to the efficiencies outside of Pressure Pumping, on U.S. land with higher well count and an increase in overall activity, and then overall, Bill, I guess we're just going to have to be a little more efficient in the way our resources in North America to hit some stronger incrementals than we have in the past. So yeah, you're right, Q2 go down because of Canada. But with what we have to do and what we know we're going to do, I'm confident that we'll get to the mid-teens.
Martin Craighead: Peter is right in terms of the revenue, but we would expect in Latin America the margin to hold in there against some of the cost control measures we've put in place. And the mix of those revenues, while smaller, will be better. So Latin America is, as I said, forecasted and predicated on a whole lot of revenue that doesn't contribute margins. We're not going to do that.
Martin Craighead: I just got back from there. And I'm very optimistic in terms of the way the Nigerian market is unfolding in particular, since you highlight that. I did not hear from a lot of customers and our folks of course. I mean there's always frustrations of course on multiple fronts like there is in any country. But I'll tell you the takeaway for Nigeria for me was the emergence of a whole new operator class independents. Nigerian owned and operated, very straight forward to deal with, independents of the government restrictions around having a PSE or out of tendering rules, it reminds me frankly of a North American independent mentality, very capital disciplined, but ambitious, high risk curve in terms of growing. And it's very refreshing for the country. And some of the best talent is working for these independent Nigerian companies. And like a lot of independents' appetite for technology talk with us and I'm sure our competitors, but getting after it. So I'm not aware of any delays that are unique or emerging, but it very well could be, but I didn't hear of any.
Martin Craighead: Well, I'm kind of strapped out in terms of what I'm going to say on this. Bob, I'm sorry. I mean I've gone through it. I don't want to provide any more color. As to a structural difference, are we all exactly portfolio lineup, no, neither by product line or even geography. We have some businesses that I wouldn't want to call them an annuity, so just chemicals, for example, where we have a substantial business that I guess you could possibly look at it as one favorably being disconnected from well count and rig count, that's for sure, probably most disconnected, but it's also the most predictable and consistent. And that might give us a bit of the lower margin at the end of the day. So it's structural, I don't know. As to the other aspects, I think I had adequately explained how we plan to get there.
Martin Craighead: It is. We took out of the prepared script the number of installations. And I wish I could tell you, but I am not going to. Let me just tell you, it's in the hundreds. It exceeded my expectation. It's amazing, the ProductionWave installations. And offline a little bit, we even installed one in Wytch Farm in the UK. The customer is pulling over there. It's really taking off. As to this Shadow Plug, let me really quickly tell you that the other competitor falls well short on two fronts. One, it probably can't spell nanotechnology and certainly doesn't have the material science experts and scientists that we do. And so there is no other dissolving ball on a plug and perf scenario. Second, they don't have a full bore opening capability. And that's the big issue. So we think about the proposition is significant. I can't quantify right now the size of the plug and perf market. But what's exciting is we have the full range. So if there's a customer that just has a bias towards plug and perf, no problem, we can handle that. And to be able to sit down and have that conversation or if it's a sliding sleeve or it's OptiPort, there's no other completions company in North America that has the portfolio and we're just getting started in terms of changing these technologies and revolutionizing them like we are on artificial lift and plug and perf. So I'm pretty optimistic.
Martin Craighead: Yes, we did state that. We should have seen the 5% well count in North America in terms of revenue growth.
Martin Craighead: Europe, Africa, Russia Caspian would come in behind that, not far behind it. And I would say Latin America, given the Brazil turnover and all that, we had a lot of that work in the first half of 2013 that's not going to repeat in 2014. So Latin America is actually going to challenged from rig count, which I think clarification we need to make here. We expect some growth in some of our key markets, but that Brazil shadow was going to way on 2014 versus 2013 results.
Peter Ragauss: Well, we bought back 6.3 million shares in Q4. So you're looking at 443 million, something like that as an average for Q1.
Peter Ragauss: Yeah, let me just talk about Iraq for a second. We're on all the rigs that we run prior to the disruption. So that's the good news. Not all those rigs are operating at full efficiency yet, because you can imagine when you drop rigs quickly, you've got some repair work to do. So we're going to do some of that in Q1. So we're not on full revenue yet in Iraq, but we're almost there. But I think the better way to think about the Q1 drop-off is international revenues went up about $165 million Q3 to Q4. I think you can expect us to give most of that back in the Q1, because our year-end product sales were actually probably higher than normal than this year. So that's the overall international outlook. And that includes Iraq coming back. So quite a big drop off in product sales from Q4 to Q1. That's across the board in the regions.
Peter Ragauss: Yeah, we would expect the Middle East specific region to have the highest growth in the double-digits in 2014 versus 2013.
Peter Ragauss: Well, in terms of overall OP dollars, I think that'd be spread pretty evenly. We're taking a lot of cost out of each region and I don't think there's any one that stands out above the others in terms of OP dollar progression between 2013 and 2014. They all should be up a decent amount.
