Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Nancy. As you can see from our strong 2023 results and the exceptionally strong margin improvement illustrated on Slide 20. Baker Hughes is on its way to becoming a leaner and more efficient energy technology company. We continue to carefully execute our plan to drive margins meaningfully higher. Put simply, we remain relentless in transforming the way we operate. We also have a unique technology portfolio that will drive growth across all three of our horizons irrespective of the pace of the energy transition. In addition, our versatile OFSE and IET portfolios provide significant growth opportunities across underserved end markets. It’s this broad-based portfolio that underpinned our 17% EBITDA compounded annual growth rate from 2020 through 2023. Given our balanced portfolio, untapped market opportunities and overhaul cost structure, Baker Hughes is becoming less cyclical in nature and therefore, should generate more durable earnings and free cash flow across cycles. Finally, while on this journey, we remain committed to our employees, customers and shareholders as we continue to push Baker Hughes forward. With that, I’ll turn the call back over to Chase.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, definitely, James. And we’ve said it before, and we wanted to state it more clearly. Our IET business has a very expansive portfolio of equipment and solutions, which really play across many different end markets, including upstream, midstream, refining, petrochemical and a number of industrial end markets, aerospace, automotive. And we think that’s been underappreciated to date. And largely because there is been a large focus, which quite reasonably on LNG and New Energy, and we’re very proud of our LNG business. We’ve worked hard over the years to build it, and we’ve got differentiated solutions. And we’re going to be committed to continue being the market leader for liquefaction solutions across all of the LNG markets. And we think that LNG is still very positive with LNG awards over the next 2 to 3 years and also reaching the market installed capacity of 800 MTPA by 2030. But our Gas Tech Equipment is also more than that. We’ve demonstrated exceptional growth since 2020 increasing by more than 50% in other areas, and we’ve got good visibility on a number of growth opportunities in the coming years. A couple of examples, as you look at onshore offshore production OOP, we’ve got a leadership position in FPSOs, and we see another 7 to 9 FPSOs over the course of the next few years. In onshore production, we’re seeing the emergence of a number of opportunities associated with pipeline and the processing of gas in particular, as that continues to grow in places like the Middle East and also exposure to petrochemicals, which is ultimately anticipated to continue to grow and we’ve got the new Nova class of turbines, compressors, valves, pumps, gears, digital solutions. So put all in all, it boils down to an exceptionally versatile IET portfolio that provides us significant growth opportunities as we serve many of the strengthening underserved markets in the coming years.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Definitely. We’ve been very pleased with the progress of New Energy orders and you saw last year that we continue to take up also our guidance on New Energy. And as you correctly stated, we’ve given guidance this year relative to the $800 million and also the $1 billion. And we really think that this growth continues going forward. The markets are growing, maturing across both IET and OFSE portfolio technologies. And when you look at it, it really is a sequence of carbon capture technologies that we have in our portfolio, Compact Carbon Capture, Mosaic, as you look at direct air capture, you look at the partnership we have with NET Power supplying turbo expanders. And also, as you look at hydrogen and you’ve seen the growing emphasis on hydrogen and hard-to-abate areas but also geothermal and looking at emissions management and deflaring. And I think again, as a consequence of some of the discussions at COP 28, there is a clear move towards accelerating some of these as we continue to move forward. And our total addressable market, we’ve mentioned it before, for New Energy in 2030 is between $60 billion to $70 billion across the five major markets that we serve. And we believe we can book $6 billion to $7 billion of New Energy orders by 2030. So again, it’s something that we see as a growing area of the business and feel confident in that $6 billion to $7 billion of New Energy orders in 2030.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Luke, I think the other thing I would just mention is it shows significant growth across both segments and continuing the trajectory that we have laid out very clearly with the targets set forth for ‘25 and ‘26 on the EBITDA rate as well as then the free cash flow. So, we feel very confident on the execution of the strategy that we have laid out.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Sure. I will let Nancy walk through the details. It’s a combination of a number of things and actions that we have already put in place, so.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, sure. And Arun, good to hear from you. And we see another strong year of orders. And again, if you look at our history, this again would be a significant year for us. And in GTE, we see another strong year of LNG orders. We anticipate 65 MTPA of LNG FIDs. Just note some of those FIDs this year, we actually booked last year. But outside of LNG, we expect another strong year of onshore/offshore production where there are a number of potential FPSO awards and some good opportunities also on the onshore side as well. You have also got the continued momentum of booking outside of LNG orders and GTE in 2024 increasing by more than 50%. Services had a strong year last year. We signed over $1 billion of CSA commitments in the fourth quarter, and we expect to continue to see that contractual service agreement momentum to continue as the projects get near commissioning. And you will also recall that we signed our service contracts closer to commissioning time of projects, which is coming into place. We discussed new energy and CTS expect $800 million to $1 billion of orders that we highlighted and continuing momentum in Industrial Tech, which should continue to progress in line with GDP. And I would look at overall IET order outlook remains strong, excited about the opportunities across all of our areas that we serve. And our midpoint $12.5 billion would still rival our second biggest order year in 2022 when we booked $12.7 billion of IET orders. So, continuing to see the momentum on the order side here.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, very topical at the moment, Arun. And again, if you look at the aspect of LNG, no impact for us this year. And again, as you know, the project landscape and also the cycle of projects is multiyear. But I would say that, again, there is some uncertainty, in particular, on North America, given some of the discussions that are taking place and some of the delays in the permitting. I would also say I am disappointed that this is coming about right now. U.S. LNG is enormously beneficial to the U.S. economy. It’s had a large impact, beneficial impact on global energy markets, especially when you look at everything that’s happened in. There has been commitments made to providing LNG supply to many other countries. And I think it’s important that we continue to go down that path, and it’s a matter of national security for many. And so we anticipate that this will work itself through, and we don’t anticipate that there will be any detrimental impact over the long-term to U.S. LNG. Outside of U.S. LNG though international projects continue to be buoyant, and there is several opportunities in the Middle East, you look at Africa, you look at Southeast Asia. And again, we have got an extensive reach on the international projects as well. So, no impact in ‘24 and continuing to monitor the situation in the U.S., but anticipate that will solve itself over the long-term.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, sure. It’s something that we continue to navigate. I think externally, you see all the news around the aerospace supply chain and you have seen that we have managed it in 2023, and there will be no change to managing it in 2024 and that’s contemplated within the guidance that we provided. The situation remains stable, but will be tight through the end of 2024. And we are working closely with our supply base to make sure that we continue executing. It is tight, though, and we have incorporated that into the guidance that we have provided, but ensuring we don’t have any impact to our results.
Lorenzo Simonelli: So, Scott, as you saw also in 2023, we actually had bookable orders that were on projects that we had in FID. We wouldn’t obviously put that in any guidance, and we think that the 65 MTPA FIDs will happen this year. But as you look at any slowdown in the U.S., there is clearly projects internationally that can take the opportunity and offset what was anticipated from U.S. LNG over time. Again, it’s not something that we factored into the guidance, but again, it’s something that could happen and we will continue to monitor the situation. I think the benefit for us is that we play globally. We play with a total gamut of solutions around LNG and so when it comes to small modular onshore, offshore stick or floating, you come to us. And again, there is international opportunities.
Lorenzo Simonelli: So, we haven’t given a specific percentage, but your characterization is correct that there is a large opportunity. As you look at onshore and offshore from the FPSO perspective than the gas pipelines, but then you also go to the transactional business, and when you think of industrial segments, fertilizers, petrochemical, refineries, all of this goes to the transactional side of services. And we mentioned one of the paths to the 20% EBITDA for IET is also the new service solutions and the digital offerings. There is a tremendous amount of opportunity as we continue to expand across the balance of plant as we look to our Cordant solutions being implemented, and we are already seeing some success in the marketplace with non-traditional customers, and that’s really a growth opportunity as we go forward. And it just is a further demonstration of the diversity and versatility of the IET portfolio.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Again, Marc, going to also what I mentioned before relative to LNG, we see that in 2024, there should be 65 MTPA of awards, and within our guidance, obviously, we have taken account for what we have booked in the past and what we anticipate to book this year. And we wouldn’t go and actually start putting in orders that we haven’t seen FID-ed yet. So, that’s from a guidance perspective, we are banking on the projects being FID this year and coming through. And then if there is an opportunity, it’s that there is an acceleration, as was discussed earlier with Scott relative to other projects that come into our order book but haven’t FID-ed yet. So, feel confident with the range that we have given and again, there is the growth outside of LNG that is significant as well. And I just maybe mention again, if you look at what we have laid out, this would be close to the second year record that has already been here for that business. So, feeling good about the momentum continuing as we go forward.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks. And look, we are coming to time here. So, I just want to thank everyone for joining the call. And as we mentioned, very much looking forward to 2024, continuing the momentum of change within Baker Hughes and continuing to execute for our customers and also for the employee base and meeting what we have laid out from a guidance perspective. So, thank you very much everybody.
Nancy Buese: Yes. So, thanks Luke for the question. Yes. We have been really pleased with our performance in ‘23. We generated record EBITDA at levels last year that were about 25% before – above prior cycle peaks. On our consolidated updated EBITDA margins for ‘23, we averaged about 200 bps above the ‘18 and ‘19 levels. So, at the midpoint of our guidance, this implies another year of strong EBITDA in the mid-teens range, which would mark for us the fourth consecutive year of double-digit growth. And then when we think about 2024, we are going to show another material step-up in margins for the total company, up about 100 basis points for overall company results. And then to your question about the segments, they both demonstrate margin improvement with potential upside as we continue to execute further cost optimization initiatives across the organization. And then in OFSE, in particular, the cost initiatives that we launched early here in 2024 will really help drive that margin upside into the back half of the year. And we expect the OFS business to average about 20% EBITDA margins in 2024. So, there is still a lot of macro and geopolitical uncertainty as we think about our ‘24 guidance and we also have concerns still about the aeroderivative supply chain tightness that we are managing through all of 2024 for Gas Tech. I would say also in OFSE, we see questions for us about the U.S. land market in 2024. But our view on guidance overall is really based on where we sit in the market conditions, where we operate, and so that’s really where we have come from as a source of our guidance numbers for 2024. And we are taking what I would call a really prudent and balanced approach to our guidance. We have got a lot of confidence in our numbers, and we are working hard as we demonstrated in 2023 on predictability. So, I would say net-net, knowing what we know today, we think the midpoint of our guidance range appropriately balances all the risks and opportunities that we see across both the IET and OFSE businesses.
Nancy Buese: Yes. We remain, as we have said, very committed to those 20% EBITDA targets for both OFSE and IET. We have a clearly defined path on how we are going to get to each of those targets. And as we highlighted on the call today, there is a number of actions we are taking to make structural changes to the way we operate and truly streamline our overall cost profile and that’s going to really help aid that margin progression in the timeline we have indicated. And again, what we have said earlier this year about OFSE, we have taken those charges in the fourth quarter. Those are largely severance with a very short payback period that’s going to clear that path for the OFSE business to get to those 20% margins by 2025. And they will also drive some good margin upside in the back half of this year, paving the way for us there. And then this is in addition to the more than $60 million of costs we already removed from the OFSE business following a combination of OFS and OFE at the end of 2022. And then also in IET, recall that we accomplished the $50 million of cost synergies by combining TPS and DS businesses in that same timeframe. So, when we think about the building blocks from the 2023 IET margin of 15% to 20% in 2026, that’s also a combination of steps. I would outline those as first is the conversion of higher-margin backlog with improved volume, improved pricing. Secondly, thinking about variable cost productivity in terms of supply chain, engineering, design and other areas for improvement. We also in the industrial tech business plan to return to historical margin rates, which we have been working on. Also new digital offerings and enhanced services models in that space. And then finally, I would say base cost productivity which we have elevated R&D now, that will start to normalize and then also working towards further business simplification there. So, we have a path for both segments to get to that 20% margin rate. We are working that hard in a series of planned, calculated executable steps. I would say, overall, we are very proud of what we have accomplished so far. We are coming a long ways, but we know we are far from done, and we remain intensely focused on driving these margins and the returns higher. And ultimately, that’s intended to create much more value for our shareholders.
Nancy Buese: Yes. It’s a great question. And I would say in every aspect across the company, our focus is truly on operational excellence, execution and continuous improvement. Last year, we really laid the groundwork for improving that execution, accountability, transparency, and we did achieve that $150 million cost-out goal and that was really designed around sustainable structural changes that will benefit the organization longer term and will stick over time. And we have really begun the work as well as synchronizing many diverse systems, working towards efficient, streamlined processes and reporting everything from our underlying technology just to the way we do things. So, that’s permitting through the business, and we will create efficiencies over time. We also have discrete projects, and I will give you one example. So, in 2023, we guided to a 35% to 40% tax rate, and this year, we are guiding to a 27% to 32% tax rate. And again, these things over time have a meaningful impact to our earnings done in a really structured, thoughtful way. So, all of these projects and initiatives will allow us efficiency gains, improve data, improve transparency, all focusing on structural margin improvements over time. I would say, though, there is still much more to do as we continue down this journey. In 2024, we continue to focus on things like eliminating duplication, thinking about how to execute at a world-class level, how we listen to our customers and execute from a point of excellence and then just making sure that while we are doing these things today, we are also setting up for real success in the back half of the decade. So, we are making some investments in things like systems and processes today to drive that back half of the decade. And then earlier this year, of course, we have talked about the actions in OFSE really designed around removing duplication, driving more cost efficiency inside that business. So all-in-all, we are going to stay on the journey. We are stopping short of putting on another cost target. I would encourage you to think about that in terms of just margin improvement in both segments and overall. So, stay tuned and keep focusing on margins, and that’s where you will see the improvements over time.
Nancy Buese: Yes, it’s a great question. It’s something we are working hard on. There is a lot of history and baggage associated with tax rate given the formation of the company and in all of that. But we are working, I would say, moving ourselves into somewhere in the low-20% over time, can’t give you exact specifics on how we get there. But I would say there is a lot of important work being done in the next year or 2 years to really focus on that rate. It’s very important to move the needle from an earnings perspective. So, we are doing all the things to understand our attributes and really think about structuring as we move forward. We are a lot of complex structures over the course of the globe with some of our contracts and our customer base. But I can tell you this is something I am personally very invested in and we are working hard to bring that rate down over the coming years.
