Chad Deaton: Okay. Thank you, Martin. We went on a little longer today with our comments than what we normally do. So I think, Gary, let's just open it up for questions. We have a lot to talk about.
Chad Deaton: Joe, Q2, and Martin said in his comments, Q3, Africa will not return until Q4 in terms of improvement. Africa and Q4, Q1 of last year and this last quarter is very strong, but fell off for various regions in North Africa and parts of West Africa in Q2, and that will carry through into Q3. And we see Africa, kind of, back in Q4. Also, we see in Europe, Norway, which has been very strong for us and a shift mainly from drilling to completions. But that already is moving back into the drilling sides, so we see Norway return in Q3 and Q4. U.K. is picking up. I mean, the rig count is forecast to be up around 20% for the second half of the year versus first half, so we see that improving there with the strength in Europe. Both Middle East and Asia by Q4, again, I think Q3 is going to be, kind of, a quarter similar probably to Q2. But I think by Q4, we're starting to see different activity from Iraq to these contracts in the Emirates, there's some work in Oman, Egypt's picking up. So the forecast is showing that the Middle East, Asia, Q4, we should see some improvement there. And of course, we got some things to do in Latin America in Q3, which we should see the benefits of in Q4. So you don't want to plan this thing out, looks like Q4 will start showing the improvement.
Chad Deaton: I think drilling services, drilling systems continue to perform well. I don't any of them were really the worst. I think, probably, wireline North America has got some of the most challenges. I think bids are coming back due to the rig count increase in North America. ESPs, obviously, always swing back-and-forth based on orders, big orders quarter-over-quarter, but ESP business had a fairly decent quarter. Obviously, as you said, Joe, pressure pumping was clearly the strongest of all the product line.
Chad Deaton: Stephen, this is Chad. The biggest driver is North America. If you go back to the pressure pumping, very strong incrementals and pressure pumping. Land, traditional legacy, Baker Hughes, decent incrementals, not as strong as first quarter, but decent in the second quarter. I think, going forward, what you'll see is right now on the pressure pumping side, we're maxed out. We are adding equipment. Some is actually coming in this week from some capital equipment that we authorized back in January to be built. So that's rolling out. That will give us some continuous revenues and help with some incrementals on there. There's still some room for pricing on pressure pumping, that's coming up. I think where we've got our other side is, although we were tight on some of the other traditional product lines, directional drilling, bits, et cetera, we're not as tight there as we are in the pressure pumping equipment side. So that gives us some room to continue to grow in second half of the year. I think that will be the breakdown of, I would see incrementals through the rest of the year.
Chad Deaton: Yes, we set it, 1 7 to 1 8, or roughly about 600 million through the first half of the year spending. That's typical usually the second half spends more than the first half just to -- people get their orders in at the end of the first quarter, et cetera. Obviously, the BJ side of that is a fair amount of the CapEx, and probably about 60% of BJ's capital plan for this year is for North America. And that's kind of split between Canada and the U.S. land. And then the other 40% of BJ is international, as far as legacy, Baker Hughes, most of our capital continues to be for international operations.
Chad Deaton: Kurt, I wished I could. We're surprised it's not closed as well. We continue to get back in front of the DOJ almost everyday. I send an email asking where we stand, our team. We're just waiting on some final things that they need to go through at the buyer, but we're hoping that this happens pretty soon. It is a tremendous inconvenience for us right now.
Chad Deaton: Kurt, I don't think it's going to affect that much. As Peter said, a lot of that was the corporate that is being worked on or is being done. It has nothing to do with just the U.S. land-type operation. And as far as some of the other synergies, that's more -- a lot of that involves a combination of basis that are facilities or offices, which I think, last time I looked in the far east, they've identified some 13 offices that could be co-located. And whereas in North America, it's going to be a little harder to combine facilities just because of the size of BJ's facilities and the amount of horsepower and equipment they have. We don't have anything big enough for them to move in with us and vice versa. So we never did consider that type of synergy in the U.S. We looked mainly internationally, where we felt there was a lot of combination. We're working on that already.
Chad Deaton: I think everybody lost -- all the majors lost market share in the last cycle, obviously, it's gone from three or four big players to 15 or 16 players. So everybody gave up a little bit. I think BJ did lose a little bit, maybe a point. It's not our goal to go out there and build a whole bunch of excess equipment and take all of that market share back. We will defend the market share. We're not going to let it go down anymore, and that's one reason why we are building some additional equipment. BJ is turning down work today, and we just don't want that number to get too big. I think there is the danger that this history has shown it's overbuilt, and that's always a possibility out there, but we're trying to balance the amount of equipment. They didn't build a lot last year, just simply because they're really tightened up, so we've done a little bit more. Like I said, we authorized some in January and we just authorized some more large 3,000-horsepower freight to be built for the second half of the year delivered in October, November. And then we'll watch it and see what market conditions are doing at the time.
Chad Deaton: Well we don't break out U.S. land versus Canada in terms of margin or anything, but in general, we saw U.S. land margins improve dramatically in BJ and nicely in Baker Hughes. Canada wasn't as bad as we thought it was going to be. It held up better, if you'd look at it during what our plan, we thought, the break-up wasn't as bad. And that holds true for both BJ, as well as Baker Hughes. Baker's always been in pretty good shape up in Canada due to our split of services on completion and in the ESPs and the chemical sides, so that helps condition us or I guess, positions us a little better in Canada during the breakup. There's no doubt BJ gets hit hard. As Martin made a comment though, we see Q3 coming back pretty strong, for both BJ as well as Baker Hughes. And I think Q3, Q4 should be good quarters for us. We see land, U.S., we talked about continuing to go forward. I don't think Canada will offset the problems we have in the Gulf on the moratorium, which we talked about.
Chad Deaton: We'll throw out the Gulf, and I would say yes, I'm not afraid of those mid-teens to high-teens margins.
Chad Deaton: Yes, I think we can. I think it goes back to what Martin just talked about. I think that once we're able to combine the full breadth of services that we can bring to the client, along with some of the things that we're doing on reservoir mapping, micro-sized [indiscernible] and various other things, I do think we'll be able to gain that market share. Now there's no doubt the horsepower side of things is critical. And you don't have the horsepower, you can't grow the market much. But I do think that we probably can do a better job as an industry in terms of picking where these fracs need to take place, perhaps, bypassing some zones and increasing size on other zones. I just think over the next year or two, the industry's got to move forward to be, rather than just brute treatment, need to be a little more selective and technology understanding of the formations. I think that's the excitement again, as Martin said, why we bought BJ, to bring this total package to the client.
Chad Deaton: Yes, we're already -- some of that is project-management backs. So some of these people are operational people to manage projects. There are already several of those have been relocated to various projects around the world. Some of it goes on down to Brazil to support the growth and activity in Brazil. Some of these people even come back up to help support U.S. land, ask them things, we can go back and forth on some of our Mexican employees there. So right now, there are some areas around the world that require help. Now at equipment, again, we need to just find the right home for some of that equipment and move it around. The good news is, with the exception of pressure pumping equipment, log-in tools, et cetera, can be moved pretty easily.
Chad Deaton: Well, we'll keep a base there, Scott. We'll, obviously, keep a few bases there. We have ongoing work with PEMEX and we'll maintain a presence, but we're not going to keep a lot of equipment, anxiously waiting for the thing to take off. There is a lot of competition down there right now. We all are overstaffed. I think everybody is in the process of reallocating assets and people. And we'll see once that budget comes out and activity starts up -- and again, we've got the facilities there. We've got the base case we can build once that happens.
Chad Deaton: No, I think what you have to look at, Brad, is we talked about Africa continuing the problems through the third quarter. We've got to continue to fix Latin America, especially Mexico through some of that. We have the Gulf moratorium which we said $0.08 to $0.11. Now that's, kind of, the negative areas, where on the positive areas, you've got an ongoing continued strength in land U.S., which we don't see any weakness coming out of that in third quarter. And you get a good strong recovery in Canada, probably won't offset the Gulf of Mexico, but it will definitely help. You see Europe bouncing back with the U.K. activity, and you see Norway bouncing back from the drilling to completions back to drilling. Russia had a very good quarter, probably more hold in that area through Q3 and slow improvement in Middle East and Asia in Q3. But there's still a lot of moving parts out there, obviously, trying to get one more quarter, BJ rolled in from two. And some ongoing, just some clean-up issues -- as the organization, as Martin said, we're ready to tweak certain things internationally a little bit. So I just don't think we're ready to throw out a guidance number out for Q3.
Chad Deaton: You see Q4 being much better. We actually are pretty bullish when we look at where we are in the company. We love this new organization. We're now ready to take the next step, in terms of some efficiency gains in this organization. Clearly, we got better relationships with our customers around the world than we've ever had. We're excited about getting BJ. We see what's happening on the international front, how well that's working and going and we're really excited about getting the U.S. deal close, so we can take advantages of that. And internationally, we see activity improving, especially as they sit around the Q4 and on into 2011. So I think we need another quarter, as I made in my comments, think about three to four months behind. I think we thought we'd be right now on our international margins, so that puts us -- in Q4, we should see that improvement.
Chad Deaton: It's roughly $500 million combined on an annual basis. We, right now, don't anticipate any reduction in that, probably be a little bit of synergies in improvement. But we'll probably hold that in that ballpark going forward.
Chad Deaton: Not as much as we would like based on a whole set, but we haven't been able to dig into that as much as we'd want. Their equipment's not in bad shape. I think it's mainly in the last year, year and a half that, perhaps, there was a little bit of underspending. But it's way less than a quarter of the equipment that is old, so I don't think we have a huge amount to go to catch up.
Chad Deaton: I think we can. Obviously, what we're looking at doing today in the equipment that we're building, if in time, there's a downturn, what we'd do is cut up a lot of the older equipment and replace it with equipment that we're building now. Right now, you're using every piece of equipment you've got in the yard. So you just want to continue to keep it growing down the road, downturn hits, you get rid of the old stuff and replace it with the new stuff you built over this last year.
Chad Deaton: I don't know if you can say that. I think it obviously helped in the sense that it makes -- the customers saw that this was eventually going to be one company. And I think they -- we went after these contracts individually. We couldn't negotiate or discuss with BJ until they did that on their own and we did the rest of it on our own, but the client obviously knew that this process was going to eventually conclude and we'd be one company.
Chad Deaton: I think there's been a little wind down in project management-type projects for a couple reasons. One is, probably, the Gulf of Mexico, probably got everybody looking at how much risk you would want to take, definitely not much in deepwater as a service company. But I think that just make you look at all projects around the world a little bit. And then Of course, what's happened in Mexico has not turned out to be the best projects for anybody who have geared up for it, so I think that slowed down a little bit. Now I do think that by the end of the year and into next year, that we'll probably resume. Algeria was a big place where there was a lot of work going on, on project management. I don't think that stopped because of a concern about project management. It stopped because of the change of management in Sonatrach. And we are seeing -- the guys sat down, as Martin said, internationally between the BJ and Baker Hughes folks and identified some $2.3 billion worth of opportunity over the next 12 months of going in together to tender on projects. Some of those should win without pressure pumping. In some cases, you're able to get pull through, so it's hard to break it up. I think without a doubt, we see the future internationally, with the sea mane[ph], the coiled tubing and the pressure pumping, a lot of pull through in opportunity.
Peter Ragauss: We do think we'll probably come down in 2011. If we do get a nice uptick, steady uptick in international margins, which we're expecting beginning in Q4, it's going to help. And if we can stay at those levels and improve from there, it's going to help a lot. The other thing we've got going on is we're reviewing our cost structures and margins from a tax perspective, and we're looking for efficiencies as integrate Baker and BJ together. There's a lot we can do there with the expected tax planning. So a couple of levers we've got there going into 2011.
Peter Ragauss: Yes, what we said was we expected the first 12-month synergies of $75 million and an additional $75 million in the following 12 months. In the first 12 months, most of those will be, sort of, in the corporate functions, and associated with the change of control payments and everything else. And I'm happy to report that in the first two months that we've owned BJ, we've achieved $10 million of synergies. So I want to say, we're well on track, I mean, we're 6/7 of the way there for the first year. And then, going forward, we've got a lot of opportunities in publicating facilities, back-office synergies as we put our systems together. We're working together already internationally on combined supply-chain activities, chemicals, purchases and things like that. All of that's starting to unfold now, but that was more or less, in the plan for the second year.
Peter Ragauss: D&A, about $310 million to $320 million for the combined company. We talked to you about corporate expense being up just a little bit. We haven't run the SG&A as we reported. I have to run those numbers ahead. We've got it in that format.
Martin Craighead: Marshall, this is Martin. Let me take a crack at that. In terms of, how do we see the margins progressing and why, I will make a follow-up on some of the comments Chad made. Across all product lines and across all of the key basins in U.S., we've begun to see price movement. And obviously, in some of the product lines, directional drilling, as well as some of the key completion technologies, like our Frac-Point and our composite plugs, there's differential pricing movement there. I think we're also seeing in some of those key basins, our customers' prepared, besides just a supply tightening, there was a strong focus on the customers to improve their efficiency, improve the recoverable numbers. Some of the drilling is getting tougher, not easier, even though we're drilling further in more concentrated profiles. So we're seeing a willingness like never before to pay for technology in certain debates. And certainly, it's not across all customers yet, but that's gaining some traction. And then, we are very anxious, more so than anybody out there listening to get this whole separate off of us. And the numbers we're presenting today are really just an accounting exercise of adding BJ for two months in us. And that's not why we bought BJ. And you know that, Marshall, there's a whole lot of synergy that a couple of our competitors are able to enjoy. And it's not just on the cost side, more importantly in this market, it's in the solutions that we're able to bring forward to the customer. And we were probably less able to do that now since the announcement of the acquisition than before. So, we're running it separately as we're supposed to. So working together, being very selective on the prize, but more aggressive than in the past, and by no means as U.S. land dried up when it comes to technology, so I'd say that's the three main areas, if that answers your question.
Martin Craighead: This is Martin. Let me just clarify a point. As Chad mentioned, allowing that contract to lapse is the only, really, structural thing we're doing in Mexico. I mean, we're still participating on ATG labs. I think we're managing nearly 100 wells for them right now, in terms of monitoring and collecting the data, and it's progressing as planned. And we have ongoing businesses in the North and in the Central and the South, as well as offshore. It's just that project, which was a big resource hog, if you will, in this global market that has just got a lot better places for it to be redeployed and that's what we're doing.
Martin Craighead: Yes to all of the above, Waqar. The Iraqi South Oil Company has been a big customer of Baker Hughes in the Logging business for years and years. And their fleets of equips logging trucks already in Iraq from previous purchases. But this agreement is a three-year renewable contract between South Oil Company and Baker Hughes to upgrade some of the existing equipment, to train the local logging crews that are employed by South Oil Company, then help them maintain the equipment and to train their engineers on running some of the newer technology. And on occasions where higher levels of technology are required on their fleet, then we will deploy Baker Atlas-type of technology, such as magnetic resonance or the reservoir characterization instruments on their trucks. Now that is completely separate from the two logging trucks that Baker has already have in Iraq at our base.
Martin Craighead: David, I don't know if it's indexed. I know there is a component of the volume. This is split with another major service company, but there is a performance-driven share allocation as well. But in terms of the indexing, I got to tell you, I don't know the answer to that.
