Martin Craighead: No, I think James it’s little bit more of the later than the former. There is some pockets of, let’s say, tightness in a couple of product lines that you highlighted one. But there is some, where there is still some spare capacity. So overall I would say that it’s getting better, it’s going in the right direction but I wouldn’t bank a whole lot on a lot of pricing traction.
Martin Craighead: As I said in my prepared remarks about twice what we did all of last year and a third and we’ll provide a little bit more insight to that in a few weeks James but a third of the sales in the first quarter, which were substantial sequentially from four to one in terms of total volume but a third of those were rod lift replacements.
Martin Craighead: That’s a question we’re all trying figure out exactly. I would say that we are at around 10% across the U.S., little bit worse in Canada in terms of spare capacity at this point and little bit to James’ earlier question there are couple of basins where essentially there is no spare capacity and there is some that – of course lot higher than the 10% within the U.S. market. And in terms of going forward very similar answer to the previous one, it’s going in the right direction, in a couple of those basins there is customers working hard to try to schedule the fleet that they need to get the work done, but like I say in some of the others there is plenty of capacity on the weekends and I think the markets from this point out with our forecast we may be more towards that are balanced by the end of the year less than 10% and the question is how much capacity comes in. We just can’t predict it any tighter than that.Kurt Hallead – RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. Then the – I think you guys have given some indications to investors and ourselves about hitting the mid-teens margin in North America. Want to get an update from you on your thoughts, obviously you are well along that progression here at 11% for the first quarter plus 11% for the first quarter. So can you give us an update on your thoughts on that mid-teens target and then in conjunction with that Martin may be an update on where you may stand in terms of 24x7 ops as a percent of your frac fleets right now.
Martin Craighead: Yeah let me take your last one first. We were around say 55% in Q4 of the stages pumped around 24 hours. We got close to 60% in Q1. And we remain committed to getting close to 70% later this year. In terms of your question around the mid-teens we feel very, very confident as we have from, as we told you couple of quarters ago. I would say you can pretty much put it in the four buckets Kurt. First there is an increase in well count as you highlighted and there is an increase in intensity on those wells, service intensity given the increasing mix to the horizontal side. And that will play well into our strength. Second we had a good quarter in the Gulf of Mexico in Q1. I think it will get better from here on out in particularly the second half as the mix continues to move more towards the completions. Our three vessels in the Gulf of Mexico are fully utilized and expected to remain that way. Third, we’re going to have continued improvement in the pressure pumping business for Baker Hughes. We are doing a lot of things we said we were going to do just moving in the right direction. Some of them go faster than the others but that business line has put together its sixth consecutive quarter of improving margins and there is no reason that that’s going to stop. And then lastly I think most significantly is the absorption of some of the new technologies whether it’s AutoTrack Curve, whether it’s the cemented FracPoint, whether it’s FlexPump and ProductionWave, these sell for significantly higher margins than the products that they are obsoleting. So you put those together no reason to be anything but fully confident that we will hit our target.Kurt Hallead – RBC Capital Markets, LLC: Okay. That’s great, appreciate that answer. Thanks.
Martin Craighead: We have a pretty good rivalry going between those two super regions in East, so I don’t if I want to tip my hand to which one is going to outpace the other. But I’ll tell you that both are really coming along nicely and they – both of those super regions have some really nice work and opportunities ahead of them. The Middle East is and you can hear from everybody being led by the Kingdom there and we’ve highlighted that the highest rig counts that we’ve ever recorded in Saudi Arabia and that’s likely to continue. They are doing a lot of good work, the gas business and the unconventionals and but we shouldn’t forget there is other countries in the Middle East, the UAE and Kuwait in particular, I think are also increasingly trying to booster their spare capacity. China would be right there in the mix, but if we move further West and as you highlighted particularly West Africa has set up really nice for Baker Hughes over the last twelve months. We’ve got fabulous leadership from the very top all the way down within the respective countries, we are indigenous, we are local, we understand the customers. The geo markets there really gaining traction as are the product lines. We have some very nice growth projected in Angola, a lot of nice wins in deepwater and if you move down around the Horn our position on wireline and drilling services and completions in both South Africa as well as Mozambique is strong. So West Africa as you highlighted in the Middle East and not only Saudi Arabia are going to be two biggest hot spots we have. That all said as we’ve highlighted on previous calls Norway is still a significant revenue driver for this company a big completions contract kicking in the second half which will run for, well five year plus and Russia has come on extremely strong in the last couple of quarter both in terms of top line and margins. So these are the ones there is really growth positive versus some of the soft spots if you will.Byron Pope – Tudor, Pickering, Holt & Co. Securities, Inc.: Thanks Martin, appreciate the color.
Martin Craighead: That’s a great question, Bill. So the Permian is at the heart of our North American business. It has been for a long time on every product line. We are well situated. We have great relationships would be operators and the application and technology I think in the Permian is – it’s very ripe as these stack plays continue to surprise to the upside. And to your labor question, you know it is – it’s an issue for everyone there. I’ll tell you that the Baker Hughes brand attracts a lot of talent. It’s for a variety of reasons depending on whatever you are looking for but if you are looking for more than a Permian opportunity, if you are looking for ripe product line portfolio to participate in. it’s a company you are going to want to work for and that’s all the way down the full chain, from our field crews all the way to our management and engineers. The other thing I would put in there Bill is that, we are getting a lot better at the efficiency side of the business on a couple of fronts and you know the stimulations side the most where we are still in the learning curve. And then getting more stages per day on a per headcount if you will and per fleet. So attracting talent out there is a challenge for everyone. I think we are doing better than most, and the ability to effectively and appropriately leverage that talent to get the work done it’s going in the right direction. So I feel good about it.William Herbert – Simmons & Company International: Okay, so my understanding is that you were for a part of Q1 sold out in the Permian not necessary due to horse power because of labor. But it sounds as that you don’t necessary have any concerns about meeting the continued onslaught of growth because of the efficiencies that you are realizing.
Martin Craighead: Yes, I would, completely.William Herbert – Simmons & Company International: Okay, great. Thank you very much, great quarter.
Martin Craighead: Short answer to your question Jim is yes. The learning curve has been expensive and painful in a couple of different ways but our drilling performance is dramatically improved. I think what’s critical there as I have said before I have zero appetite for additional projects with the terms and conditions that we unfortunately signed up for before we won’t make that mistake again. The terms and conditions of pricing, the risk profile there has to be better alignment between the customer community and ourselves before we step into other projects. Will we step into other projects like in terms of lump sum turnkeys possibly but it will be a completely different contract than what we have today.James Crandell – Cowen Securities LLC: Right, good. Okay, very helpful Martin, thank you.
Martin Craighead: Honestly I can’t. I can’t quantify for it, I can tell you that it’s – I mean has margins that frankly are higher than probably any of the product line when that particular technology is used and we’re talking about the deep basin in the Gulf of Mexico. But in terms of its actual basis point contribution, given the size of the business I can’t tell you offhand, I am sorry.Angie Sedita – UBS Investment Bank: Okay.
Martin Craighead: I would take your – I would say that the South Texas is falling nicely along and could end up in a couple of quarters where the Permian is now. And next to that would be your Northeast region and I don’t think we should forget about the Utica. I think it has the opportunity to surprise to the upside and absorb capacity out there relatively quickly. So that’s how I would outline that. And I am sorry Angie could you – the first part of your question?Angie Sedita – UBS Investment Bank: Is equipment and people mobilizing into the Permian where we would equalize the tightness there, therefore the tightness we’re seeing today start to diminish.
Martin Craighead: Right and equipment goes where it’s loved the most. So I think that’s already happening. And yet the absorption, the appetite that the customers have are still exceeding what can be done. I think to the question that Bill asked earlier around labor if you are Baker Hughes or if you are couple of our larger peers, and you need to step up we can do it. If you come in into the Permian and no one knows who the heck you are and you don’t have an existing work force or a local representation, I think it’s going to be hard for you to man that fleet. So I am not so sure that there is a whole lot of downside risk to equipment coming from other basins into the Permian. It’s not that easy for some folks.Angie Sedita – UBS Investment Bank: Okay, thanks so much. I will turn it over.
Martin Craighead: No, I know. But that’s a very fair point. I wouldn’t debate it, what was said. And we feel confident with the growth in our business that we are gaining share on a couple of different fronts. And I have said this for a long time, the integration of pressure pumping Jim there was this first revolution around just cost, cost, cost, the stage wars, efficiency and I’ve been saying for quite a while that there is not a whole lot of juice that you are going to get out of that lemon for much longer. We got to drill smarter wells, better wells perhaps even fewer wells and keep those recovery factors and EURs up in those basins and to do that you need to have a first rate frac fleet and organization but you got to have strong op mechanics organization, you got to have a world class formation evaluation group, you got to have a completions portfolio that can address every possible outcome and need. And then if you can plumb that well with artificial lift and chemicals you are going to gain share in every product line. So I don’t – the integrated model – absolutely.
Martin Craighead: I expect our margins in Iraq to continue to work up. We are not currently profitable in the country as a whole. The North part isn’t large enough for us to offset the challenges we still experience in the Southern part of the country. But U expect that business overall to improve from here on out.
Martin Craighead: As it was, Jim, as it was prior to the unfortunate episode in the fourth quarter of last year, Amen.
Martin Craighead: Significantly in virtually all key basins, completions contracts in the North Sea, drilling contracts in Angola, Nigeria, of course other parts of Latin America outside of Brazil and an increasing appetite to put skin into the game and align with our customers and again in North America and given that portfolio capability and the opportunity to help them drill better wells, get those IPs up and EURs up and it’s not as easy to keep getting their cost down. We’re stepping into that category increasingly more, yes.
Martin Craighead: Yeah, good morning, Dave. We took a bit of – and we’ve been proven right in terms of what our rig forecast was going to be in the Gulf of Mexico. And it’s right exactly where we predicted it and it maybe a little bit behind what some others predicted. And here on out we expect it to grow a few more sequentially. So the Gulf of Mexico will play a big role in our North American margin growth. And the big part of that is the three boats that are just about fully utilized in March they were and I don’t see any reason why that’s not going to continue, again partly because of rig growth count – rig count growth sorry and the increasing shift towards completions.
Martin Craighead: I think it will be for HPHT ballistic devices in terms of blasting caps and so forth in HPHT environments if you can go with a different type of system it’s far superior. So I think it’s going to be a big contributor down there.
Martin Craighead: All except our friends to the south. As I highlighted in our call we had some great performance we continue to in Brazil but the number of rigs working there on the drilling side have been shifted towards the production side, I expect and as well as I think some of the budget going on to land in Brazil I think that will come back later this year or early next year. But other than that I’d say it’s every bit as we expected if not a little bit better.Scott Gruber – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co.: Okay. That’s all from me, thanks.
