Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Nancy. Turning to Slide 18. 2024 is off to a strong start for Baker Hughes, highlighted by our strong margin performance in both OFSE and IET. Our continued focus on commercial enhancements and cost efficiencies are driving structural improvement in both segments underlying margins. With these transformational efforts gaining momentum, we remain on track to achieve our 20% margin targets for both segments.  Margin improvement and EBITDA growth are important parts of the Baker Hughes story. As important, we have significantly improved our returns on invested capital, which has increased by more than 3x compared to 2019 levels. Our focus on disciplined growth and margin enhancement facilitated by transforming the way we work is helping to drive meaningful improvements in returns across the company. With margins, EBITDA and returns forecast to increase further over the coming years, we expect to see stronger free cash flow conversion of at least 50% through the cycle, and as a result, higher free cash flow. When combined with our balanced portfolio, untapped market opportunities and overhauled cost structure, Baker Hughes is becoming less cyclical in nature and capable of generating more durable earnings and free cash flow across cycles. All of these metrics provide a healthy backdrop as we remain committed to returning 60% to 80% of free cash flow to shareholders. This will add to the impressive $10 billion plus that we have already returned to shareholders since forming the new company in 2017. To put this in context, this amounts to almost 1/3 of our current market cap. We have a history of returning cash to shareholders and expect to continue that trend well into the future. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Chase. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Scott, first of all, very strong quarter for the company. And as you said, led by also IET, but overall, very pleased by both segments. And IET, a very strong, solid quarter. And as we've said, we've been committed to our journey on IET towards the 20% EBITDA, and you're starting to see some of those levers coming through as you look at first quarter and as you look at the rest of the year, again, you've got strong backlog conversion in Gas Tech equipment.  As you can see in the first quarter, revenue up nearly 50% and year-over-year, and that helped the Gas Tech equipment. From a margins perspective, EBITDA was up nearly 200 basis points. And you're seeing the better backlog margin coming through as well as productivity in the factories. Of a bright spot was in IET from an Industrial Solutions perspective as you look at the revenue side, but also when you look at the projects and the services revenue, which was up 20% year-over-year and margins also improving in the Bentley Nevada with some of the supply chain constraints that we've discussed before that have been alleviated now. And also Gas Tech services revenue increasing as we went through the first quarter, we continue to see that for the rest of the year, even though we're still constrained by some of the supply chain headwinds. So as you look at IET for the rest of the year, we continue on the basis that we've said and the journey that we've laid out with continued margin expansion and improvement towards that 20% as we go forward as we continue the journey. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Scott, it's a very good point. And for us, what's happening from the external perspective and the dynamics doesn't change the strategy, and we've been firmly focused on a strategy around production solutions for some time. As you know, from the comments that I made at the annual meeting, 70% of the world's production comes from mature assets. And a mature asset being a well that's produced 50% of its reserves or has been in production for over 25 years. And when we look at the future, there's a tremendous focus on improving that optimization.  And we've got some great capabilities with the largest global installed base of ESPs 44,000 pumps. And we're moving about 80 million barrels fluid daily. And again, as you look at continued chemicals that are being applied and 1% improvement just in mature asset production can give 2 to 3 years of global consumption. So as we go forward, no change, and we continue to see this as a space where between our RTS, our ESPs and chemical solutions and also the digital automation and AI that we can deliver through Leucipa, being a great opportunity for our customers and an increasing area of focus for our company. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Arun. We remain confident in the international market outlook. We expect E&P spending to be up high single digits this year. And as we look at, in particular, the MSC reduction, as we said in the last call, we don't anticipate any real changes. And in fact, when we look at Saudi, we see it as opportunities outside of just the upstream area given our presence. As you know, natural gas production is set to grow by 60% through 2030, and it's going to benefit our IET business. You saw the announcement that was made in 1Q relative to the Master Gas System 3, the pipeline project. There's going to be more opportunities down the road. Also, this shift of CapEx is also across new energy and chemicals. We recently opened our new chemicals facility in the Kingdom. We're also, as you know, from a new energy perspective, participating in hydrogen on NEOM. So overall, this CapEx shift for us is a long-term net positive for Baker Hughes and doesn't change the outlook that we laid out at the beginning of the year. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Definitely, Dave, and thanks for the question. Obviously, we've spoken a lot about LNG, and we will, I'm sure, in the future. And I think at times, we don't get a lot of time to talk about the non-LNG sector, and it's a very important part of our portfolio, and it's very expensive as well in the equipment and solutions that play across a number of end markets, including the upstream, midstream, refining, petrochemical, as you look at the pipelines and various industrial and other end markets. And it's really the versatility of our equipment that not only goes into LNG but goes into these other end markets. And 1Q was evident of that. And as you said, tripled in 1Q versus prior year. Onshore/offshore production has remained consistently strong as part of the mix. As you see, both on the compression side, you see on the power generation side. You highlighted the Master Gas System. And as you continue to see the shift towards gas, that gas infrastructure plays towards a lot more compression, plays towards also the pipelines that place towards a lot of the onshore power generation that's going to be necessary.  Also, as you look at on the Industrial side, when you think about the need for distributed power generation, that plays to the Industrial gas turbines that we have, the NovaLT. So across it, we see an expanding base of non-LNG equipment. And again, it's part of the expansive portfolio that we have, including the pumps, the valves and the other areas that go into the other sectors when you think of refineries and also petrochemicals that are also increasing infrastructure builds that are happening around the world as we continue through an energy demand that is increasing. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Dave, thanks. And I know that you and the team also had the chance to tour the region and also visit the Kingdom. And that's true. We focused a lot on localization. And as I mentioned, we've just recently opened our chemicals facility on new Petrolite. We've also got wellheads that are manufactured. We've also got compressors. And as we look at drill bits and across the Kingdom, we focused on localization to support not just the Kingdom, but also support the region and outside of the region through capability close to our customers. And that's been a strategy of focus. And the diversification of Baker Hughes is across the 2 major segments. We play obviously within the oilfield services on the equipment side, but then the gas infrastructure side, the hydrogen when we think of NEOM and the facilities associated with hydrogen, the infrastructure that's going to be required when we think of distributed power generation. And as you think of also the opportunity for productivity and also with digital capabilities and solutions. So across the board, I think what makes us unique is, again, the ability to play at the full value chain of the energy ecosystem within the Kingdom through local capabilities. And that's a strategy that we've also put into place in other Middle Eastern countries as well with facilities in the UAE and Qatar. And likewise, it's a region that's very important to us. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, definitely, James. And as we look at what's happening, and we've been discussing for some time, the continued increasing demand for energy and the realization that we need in all of the above approach to the energy transition, it means there's a shifting focus towards emissions rather than the fuel source. And that puts the forefront CCUS. And as you know, we've been playing and participating in CCUS for many decades. But we've also been investing in CCUS capabilities. And so as we go forward, we think CCUS is going to be a first mover.  And as you look at our order intake also on the new energy front, you can see from last year also that a large portion of our orders was associated with carbon capture, utilization and storage. And we've got a wide array of capabilities that we've been developing. We've got the chilled ammonia process, which is for large-scale applications like power generation. We've got the mixed salt process and compact carbon capture, which is rotating bed solution, which is suitable for a smaller footprint of industrial applications.  And then we're also testing and piloting Mosaic materials for direct air capture technology and complementing all of this is the compression capability that we have and also storage and the knowledge of the reservoir and how to store and maintain the CO2 and compress it. So this is a theme that we see in projects that are going forward. And we think that's increasing as the year progresses and also going into the next few years. As people appreciate that it is an all of the above and we're going to need to focus more on emissions as opposed to fuel source. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, I'd agree with you that there's a growing realization that there's a growing demand for energy, and that's being driven by some of the data centers. And look, AI provides huge benefits both internally and also from an external perspective to us internally to drive optimization for our customers, but also externally to drive growth for our equipment and the services that we provide. And that's why we like the ready gas turbines that go on natural gas today, but then can switch to hydrogen, that's also why we like the solutions that we're offering with regards to other clean power solutions. And as we talk to our customers, that's what they're looking for.  And if you look at the data center developers, they're all coming to a realization that there is going to be a growing need for off-grid solutions as well as distributed power generation with a view to continuing the aspect of reducing emissions. So there's also opportunities for geothermal and others where we play. And we look at it as being a growing element of our equipment portfolio and a nice segment that, again diversifies us versus others because of the portfolio that we have. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, I'll kick it off here, Luke. And we remain very confident in the orders range that we provided for 2024. If you look, we started the year very positive from the orders front, booking over $2.9 billion of orders, including large awards, again from Aramco, but also from Black & Veatch for Cedar LNG. And LNG equipment will still be a portion of the orders outlook as we go through the year. And again, it was significant last year. But it's also outside of LNG. It's onshore/offshore production. It's the gas infrastructure and also coupled with the new energy.  And as you look at the guidance that we've given of new energy orders between $800 million to $1 billion and stable growth in services and Industrial Tech. So very confident in the $11.5 billion to $13.5 billion orders range and a strong pipeline of activity. And when you look at what's being heard from our customers and also what's being seen, I think growing confidence on the elements of gas infrastructure and the opportunities that we have in the multiple sectors that we play in. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks, everyone, for joining the call today, and look forward to speaking to everybody soon. And I think, operator, you can close the call. 
