Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks Brian. Overall, I'm pleased with the progress we've made in the quarter. We closed the transaction and formed the brand new company on July 3. And we hit the ground running on day one from an inspiration perspective. Commercially we secured several key wins in the quarter and booked $5.7 billion of new orders. We are base lining operations and where we see a need for improvement, we are taking immediate action. We are focused on margin improvements that are cash generation and delivering the best results for our customers. We continue to position the company for growth and profitability and we are focused on executing our strategy to deliver on our commitments on growth, margins and cash. Actions are on the way and I feel optimistic about the future. Phil, now over to you for questions.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks, James and thanks for recognizing. We're just celebrating our 100 days into this transaction that we feel is going very well. And maybe just as the backdrop relative to the three strategic pillars you mentioned, we remain very focused on what we control. As you look at the external environment, oil inventories are still 20% above the five year averages. When you look at the three pillars, let's take them one-by-one to begin with. On growth, you look at the performance during the course of the third quarter, you had drilling services and bits growing and outpaced the rig count growth in North America, we feel good about that. You look at the orders performance; sequentially it's the second quarter in a row, where we got positive orders. You look at a year-over-year performance up 18%, on the book-to-bill positive. Critical wins, you look at this all, which was a key one in Egypt from a subsea perspective, digital. So, we see good traction on the growth side, it's early days, the market remains challenging, but we are definitely focused from a commercial standpoint and getting out there and meeting with the customers has been a key aspect of the first 100 days and as you noted during the course of the first two week, we met over 90% of the customers. On margins the key focus here is on the synergies, as you look at integration, it's on track. I mentioned even in September that we are on track, with what we've committed to for 2018, relative to the integration and the synergies. You look at the sequential margins performance from a business segment perspective, Brian walked you through that and sequentially three of the four businesses are showing positive performance. We've got weakness in our sea segment which again, is part of the aspect of Sub Sea and the industry continuing to be delayed in its recovery. You look at the third pillar cash, as Brian mentioned, it's a key area of focus for us. During the course of the quarter, we had one time key related items, and restructuring, however, from an operational perspective it's an area that we continue to focus on. It's one of the key areas I have as a focus on inventory receivables, I'd say we didn't perform where we wanted to in the third quarter, and it's something that we've addressed and we've got people acting upon it immediately. So, when you look at it, early days, but definitely positive momentum, we've got the team rallied and focused on the key priorities. So thanks James.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah James, just maybe to give you an update on capital allocation and 100 days and we mentioned in September that we're committed to a share hold of a friendly capital allocation plan, that's going to be returning 40% to 50% of netting coming to shareholders. We also mentioned we are going through that with our board at the moment and it's part of the key strategic review that's being undertaken. We got a strong balance sheet that gives us the ability to drive buy backs and also inorganic actions. And our capital allocation priorities are going to be alliance with creating significant shareholder value. So, we are going to take a balanced approach and we want to make sure that we maintain the strong balance sheet, as the industry continues to be volatile as we look at it going forward, it's a challenging environment. We did as you know, in the third quarter announced a dividend of $0.17 per share and we are reviewing that as we go forward, with our team and also the board, so we'll be giving an update as we go forward.
Lorenzo Simonelli: To start out with the cash, alright it was a bit noisy this quarter, given that this is a first quarter. We had a quite a bit of merger and deal related cost as well as restructuring, as I mentioned that was about $400 million. We took down our monetization program that impacted us by about $200 million. But, you know as I said, working capital did come in under our expectations from our cash flow perspective, and that was primarily driven by sea bubbles and the OFS business. We had a little bit of an inventory build as well, so if I look at that going forward, the deal related cost should definitely be declining here in the fourth quarter and into the next year we'll trail off. We will continue to look at high payback restructuring earlier as we drive the synergies here. So, I expect the restructuring cost to continue and as I mentioned earlier, we have mobilized the team to look at how we can build stronger operating processes to drive better collections, better visibility, not only with us, but across the portfolio. So, I would definitely expect fourth quarter better operationally, some of that seasonality, others are some of the process changes that were making here and then, last onetime items.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah now, just to address your question on the business segment and if you think about all of us you know, speedy recovery in North America, decelerating but still growing and internationally we see some activity rising. On the other sea, subsea, at the moment it's extremely low, you've seen the activity level, at the same time; we've won some major business, as you look at our second quarter win relative to Mozambique. And also Zorro in the third quarter, we're focused on cost cut and one of the key enablers that we were able to win this whole deal was by applying digital tools within our supply chain, there really key cause competitiveness. We feel it's being a very important aspect of our business and offering for our customers going forward and so you should see over the long term, continuing project execution excellence and margin improvement in that business.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And Andy just on the rumor that was out there relative to subsea 7, I think that I've mentioned previously, you know, our focus right now is really on the integration hand, we've got our hands full. We don't speculate on the aspect of rumors, we see our all three businesses previously well positioned with the winds also that we had. And we partner with numerous CPC's out there, and we work with our customers, really on what's the best outcome for them.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And Andy as we talked before, we are taking a look at some of the regions were the asset like model was being contemplated. And because of the infrastructure we have, I decided really not to have folks between us and our customers, dramatically reducing that asset like model. You know we are going to continue to evaluate the geography from our profitability and our returns and make decisions based upon that. But, until now the asset like model is going well.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah so David, you back on that conference, you go to that September conference, you know I said that the market in 2018 was consistent and the market was looking at things. Also I said, that is we go forward, we won't be providing a new guidance but, we think similar to everyone else in the industry. And you look at that we are thinking similar to others in the industry continuing to be challenged on the overseas side with some pushups on some on some of the projects. We've seen a deceleration in the North America grove from the trust perspective. So, we are staying focused really what we control, the synergies the integration and we'll be providing more updates as we go forward.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, to give you some perspective on that, a couple of things, you did point out Harvey, the majority of that will come back to us in the quarter, so that definitely should be helpful. We have some normal; seasonality in the digital solutions businesses, so digital solutions is supposed to grow in the fourth quarter. As I walk through with Tim, we feel good about our position in LFS and expect to see growth in LFS if synergies come through and we think, we'll have some volume increase there. And in TPS for us to grow in the fourth quarter as well, as we looked at the back log, equipment as well as services. And we got a lot of productivity lined up for that business as well. So, those are the big drivers and in synergy, it will start to ramp up after the lower base this quarter, we should see some improvement in the synergies.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, offshore equipment is definitely continuing to be challenging here. And this quarter in particular we did have an all size affect impact. So, I don't expect them to repeat at that level. So from that perspective, you should see margins get better quarter over quarter from that alone. You know calling the bottom, Neil and the team have really been focused on going after deals and makes sense for us. And they've been taking a lot of cost out to deal with this volume decline. So, we feel good about the cost position, they are working hard to drive, you know profitability, as we rebuild the back log. But I do think they will continue to be challenged, so I wouldn't expect other than this FX item in appreciable increase in margin right here as we look for the next few quarters.
Lorenzo Simonelli: So I think that that 3 billion is maybe an extra or a FX number, it's in total for the business at 5.7 billion orders.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, look there's always going to be some lumpiness based on big orders that take place. If you look at that 3 billion, you'd say, the Zoro is something that you'd highlight in there as a big order and then the digital as we mentioned close to 300 million with a big international customer.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you very much. And again thanks to all of you for joining us this morning. I just wanted to maybe close out, so we're 100 days into this terrific new business that we've created. I'm pleased with the progress we've made this quarter. We've had several key wins in the quarter and booked $5.7 billion of new orders. We're base lining operations and where we need improvement, we're taking immediate actions. We know where we need to execute and we've been very open in having that discussion with you today. We're focused on margin improvement that are cash generation and delivering the best results for our customers and that's what we're going to be doing going forward. So thank you very much.
Brian Worrell: Yeah, I think so, by then you have a lot of the restructuring under way clearly and will have full three four quarters here to get some of the operating processes in place. But I think that's a realistic expectation.
Brian Worrell: Okay Andy, I think when we talked earlier we definitely have an opportunity to relook capital structure, we are under leverage. If you look at the balance sheet by a lot of metrics, we are working to that as Lorenzo said, with the board here and will update you guys, you know, once we've gone through that process. But, the metrics look good, you know, we've continued to have a strong balance sheet and as I was talking in the call, we got a plant in here to get the free cash flow into more of a steady straight in line with what we talked about in early September. So, we'll keep you posted as we work through things with the board.
Brian Worrell: Yeah Andy, if you look at our product portfolio, we feel very good about the combination that we have. Now, when you put together, packaging's and geo oil and gas, we have a suite of capabilities that we think is unique in the industry and enable us to work with our customers really to drive efficiencies. When you think about going below the mud line from and above, we've got the combination of the lifting equipment, the drilling services. We also have the digital capabilities to drive efficiencies and productivity. That's the game changer here, it's really to take the aspect of inefficiency through silos and drive productivity. In this environment that's what our customers continue to ask us for, is get us to the lowest cost per barrel, get us the efficiencies and as we go forward, we are really working on well construction, we're working on the operating environments that are necessary within each of the workplace and that's going to be the strategy going forward.
Brian Worrell: Yeah, Jud, if you look at the PPS business in the as you said rightly L&G is a portion of it, but there is actually much more in there relative to the midstream and downstream when you look at pipelines, you look at also what we do from an offshore and onshore production. And as you look at 2018, we should see better order activity and L&G remains challenging, we see that more being trauma, to the free perspectives started to comeback as there is demand out there. But we see the other segments continuing to pick up and then also as we go towards the transactional business on services continuing to maintain a focus on the operating activities within our customers.
Brian Worrell: Yeah Jud, if you take a look at the dynamics right now in TPS, you know revenues are up in the quarter 2%, and operating incomes comes down 19% in service. Service mix was good and we are certainly a tailwind, but it was more than all set by margined in equipment as we work through a backlog, which is got some negative mix primarily driven by the downstream segments which is not as profitable. As I look into the next couple of quarters, I would expect that to continue the negative mix based on what the backlog is today. But if you look, we actually had a booked a bill of 1 in the quarter, equipment back log grew, so we are refilling that back log and that should get better as we progress through the year. On top of that, we have seen some headwinds in the transactional services business, as operators are really conserving cash and our bags and based on what we see, later in the year next year, that's a turn as well.
Brian Worrell: Yeah, if you take a look at El Paso and North America, as you rightly pointed out, our portfolios are a bit different. We don't have pressure pumping, we do have the chemicals business which is not directly related obviously to rig counting what's going on in North America land. If you look at those businesses that are really rig count driven, you know drilling services wire line, drill beds all are more than the rig count, strong performance in incompletion as well. And if you look at the minimal fear in this quarter, we had really strong growth in drilling services and completions, and that's really have higher margins. As Lorenzo and I both mentioned, we see the market flattening and really I don't think in the fourth quarter, in drilling services won't be as much as a tail end, but we do see some pretty strong growth in other product areas, were our margins are a bit lower. And then we also have some synergy that should be coming in in the fourth quarter and then in the next year. So, when I put all that together, from a mixed end point, from the market, you know flattening a little bit, I would expect incremental to be in line with historical averages. But it is something we are focused on and you know as we talked about gaining share here and positioning the products from a cost perspective to drive higher margins.
Brian Worrell: Yeah if you look at the quarter it was a negative by $39 and as a reminder we report BJ services on a one month lag, because they don't close as quickly as we do. And look from a position standpoint, you know we like our position in the business, we got good visibility in the what's going on there, we work with more within the team and where we need to do something commercially with pressure pumping , we can do that. But BJ services is in a mode of coming together and we building that business and we are working closely with the team as they do that.
Brian Worrell: Thanks so, good to speak to you again. As you look at the portfolio, yes we are different and also we got a good compliment of the oilfield services as well as you look at the longer cycle businesses. When you think about the price being range bound, you look at the benefit that we are going to achieve through synergies and also key focus of growth. So, the synergies will come through on the revenue side , we've already indicated that by 2020 there's $400 million of EBITDA revenue synergies, we feel good about those, lot of good conversations happening with the customers that will enable us. As we look at the longer term on the gas side, we see gas continuing to grow and also L&G returning, and so when you think about our PPS business that returning, again mentioned previously, orders being growing again in 2018. And you look out also at the other segments when you think about the downstream, the refinery chemicals, the pipelines and then our digital solutions business. As you think about the segment that's outside of also oil and gas, which is more aviation industrial that's continuing to pace with GDP. So, we have an opportunity to race; again grow even in ranges that are based on outlook.
Brian Worrell: Let's maybe just break it down by business and go for it, because if you just look orders are, it's may be better to take it down a level and take it by business. So we look at your first business, you know we continue to see activity ramping up in North America and The Middle East along with some recover in the hour international market when you look at also the North sea, Latin America. So, in 2018 even though North America is decelerated you should still see some momentum there. On OFE, we see that continuing to be pressured at this moment in time; you know we should have better orders performance in 2018. But actually, the revenue side continued to be pressured, TPS we mentioned orders being positive in 2018 and also from the revenues perspective we should stop see the offshore, onshore production, the downstream area, so if you look at the activity thing, but we should see revenues essentially improving there. And we as business, you look at again improving their relative to the elements outside of also oil and gas from aviation and industrial perspective. So, you know really three out of the four business segments are seeing an opportunity here from the revenue which help us in 2018 and that's sort of the landscape when you break it down by business segment.
Brian Worrell: Yeah, the one thing I would point out about that too is, while we had Zoro as a big order this quarter, we also had Eni Mozambique last quarter and for the quarter-over-quarter that's kind of normalized.
