Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks, Brian. We are pleased with our 2018 results. Despite the recent commodity price volatility, BHGE is well positioned to capture the benefits of a growing LNG market and a resilient international market, while navigating the challenges in North America. Our priorities remain unchanged. We are focused on executing to deliver on our commitments on share, margins, and cash. Phil, now, over to you for questions.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, thanks, James, and we're pleased with the way 2018 panned out. And as you said the Annual Meeting in Florence we got 1,500 of our customers there. We had a theme about energy forward and we had an opportunity really to focus on the new technologies and the products that we're providing our customers. I would say the key things that came out were customers are still talking a lot about productivity, about needing to focus on making ourselves as productive as possible, a lot of focus on the new technology. As you look at the market, North America definitely more challenging. We saw that happen during the course of the fourth quarter and we'll see that continue in the first half of 2019. International we had a more conservative view than others and that remains unchanged. We see still good opportunities and momentum in the Middle East as well as the North Sea. And on the offshore, we remain relatively unchanged expecting about 300 trees in 2019 and we've got to see how that pans out with some of the customers with their capital budgets that they're finalizing. But as you point out the one area where there's a lot of activity is LNG. And we've seen an increased interest and also an opportunity for up to 100 million tons per annum to be sanctioned by year-end 2019, including LNG Canada. So it was the great conference and really good to be with the customers.
Lorenzo Simonelli: So James we really look at it from an aspect of the longer-term growth and if you look out to 2030, there is an expectation of about 550 million tons per annum. We see about 5% CAGR growth from now until 2030 driven by power generation and really consumption in some of the emerging markets, India, China. The project sanctioning hard to tell how it will evolve in all cases, again there is a lot of activity in 2019 that's why we've increased our view to the potential sanctioning of 100 million tons and then we will see the step function as it happens going forward towards that 550.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Jud let's break it down and clearly we are seeing the LNG market be stronger and so. What we're doing is clearly finishing off our products and getting the substations in place, we've got great capacity there and we're aligned with our customers in what they need to go forward. We expect TPS revenues to grow and earnings to grow in 2019 similar profile for 2018 for the second half of the year is significantly stronger than the first half.
Lorenzo Simonelli: So I think you look at what happened over the course of October to December in 2018 and clearly the markets showed that it continues to be volatile. And within North America, we saw the market reactions, we saw lower volumes and that impacted well construction product lines for us obviously we are not as exposed on the pressure pumping side but we do expect that to continue at least through the first half. As you mentioned there is encouragement relative to the second half and we'll see how that pans out we're staying close to our customers but second half could be better, let's wait and see.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. As we mentioned our outlook for international remains unchanged and if you look at some of the wins that we announced in 2018, a lot of those were international with Equinor on the Norwegian Continental Shelf, Marjan in Saudi, also the Qatar drilling. So we will be seeing growth there from those execution.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Scott, just on the international side clearly there is a lot of activity in many countries and what we always said was there's an opportunity for they can use to come in and regain some lost territory there. I think we made good progress in 2018. The commercial intensity is there. We've now got dedicated plans by sales person and we've got the accountability that's going to continue in 2019. And I think again you're going to continue to see us having the opportunity to gain share as well as accrete margin within in the OFS business.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, if you take a look at fourth quarter from a macro standpoint, we are more insulated than others but clearly not immune to what was going on in North America. Activity was lower in completions. So we did see an impact there. But we do expect artificial lift and chemicals to continue to remain strong as they did in the fourth quarter. One thing in the fourth quarter that we saw is pricing was softer in North America than we had expected and we did see -- we did see that come through a bit. But revenue was up 2% in EMEA and international was up 3%. Within North America, we did see the impact come through on the profit line of the completions mix. Additionally in OFS, we did have some lower international pressure pumping utilization and that obviously has an impact on margin rates. So some market dynamics there that were giving us some pressure. We did see more synergies come through, so I was very happy with how Maria Claudia and the team executed on taking cost out of the business but we did see some higher inflation come through on the material side. And remember we talked about it at the end of the third quarter on the call that we did have some higher ramp up costs associated with those large international wins as we positioned resources to start executing on those. So we'll still have some of those ramp costs come through but obviously you'll start to see margin come through on those later in 2019.
Lorenzo Simonelli: So, Dave, just clearly the artificial lift market is very precedent in North America. We do see it increasing also internationally expense be around 50:50. If you look at North America we're not as impacted in the as the pressure pumping and also the completion side. We think will be relatively stable as we go into 2019 and we are seeing internationally the opportunity to take some of our new capability especially in ESPs and some of the new wells.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, thanks. So the pipeline clearly is opportunity for us. We've got a strong presence that historically and we see actually the opportunity growing. There's a number of new pipelines that are going to be required across the globe. You've seen some of the activity in North America also some of the discussions in Latin America and across Europe. If you look at the technology we've got a great new Turbine line of the NovaLT which is amply which applies to the pipelines as well as PGC25 and so we got a very good presence. It is slightly lower margin than the LNG space but we see this as being one of our core strengths.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Sean, just maybe to take it back on the macro side, our capital allocation isn't changing and again GE has indicated that they will be exiting from BHG. We've always run BHG as a strong independent public company and we'll continue to do that. We started the separation with the actions that we've taken in November 18 and their ownership is down to 50.4%. As we look at our capital allocation though again we think we've got a good strong balance sheet and we'll continue to review it as we go forward but we like where we are.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Jim. Just maybe clearly there is a lot in that question. And as you look at some of the comments we've had in the past, there is LSPK models that have been around for a long time. We really haven’t participated much in the LSPKs and our wins that we have done are from new commercial innovation and working closely with the customers. If you look at the Marjan fields in Saudi Arabia, you look at also the ADNOC drilling transaction, it's ways in which we come with a new proposition and been able to use the breadth of our portfolio and the capabilities we have in the field. And we feel good about the ramp up that's in place again it doesn't change our full capital allocation and framework of CapEx for the total year and we feel confident that we will continue to be successful.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Thanks a lot and thanks for joining us today. We're excited about 2019 and the future of our company. We did just wrap up our Annual Customer Meeting, lots of outstanding feedback from our customers and one of the items that was top of mind for the customers is really the climate change and also how they get ready for the environmental carbon footprints and I did want to point out that we're very conscious of that at BHGE. We've got a whole new brand of products that have been released the focus also on emissions, the carbon footprint and it's aligned with our customers, it is a great business case around it and we also announced that BHGE is committed to reduce its carbon footprint by 50% by 2030 and up to a net zero by 2050. We think this is important for the industry and again it aligns with our customers, it makes good business sense and again we're going to keep on driving the energy forward motto as we compete in the industry. Thanks a lot and look forward to speaking to you soon.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Jud, I mean basically the -- our general 2019 financial framework for TPS is unchanged. We still expect services to continue to improve both transactional as well as contractual. The team is continuing to drive productivity and we will have some higher revenue come through for LNG that we've already booked partially offset with lower equipment installs as we go through the year. And to put it into perspective the 100 million tons per annum roughly represents MTPA that came to market between 2011 and 2014. So as we've mentioned before we have been protecting our capacity here, so we could deliver on what we saw is an increase in LNG demand here. So it's really about the volume and the pace of how quickly that's coming in and that's really what's driving the incremental investment here. This is basically redeploying as resources into application engineering, getting ready for the customer projects that are coming, more testing, and getting the new products ready for the solutions that we've got to offer. So long-term this is a great investment for BHGE. Overall we feel good about 2019 and the dynamics are generally playing out as we expected but obviously increased volume in LNG and the outlook is much better. And as Lorenzo mentioned, we expect the dynamics to be a stronger second half and I still see the opportunity for the mid-teens margin rate there obviously depending on the cadence of the incremental investment which I would expect to be heavier weighted to the first half, given what we're hearing from customers and when they want FID.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Sean, if you think about it in this cycle what you will have specifically as it relates to LNG, we typically have down payments that come in for the large projects, we do start to spend some money as we execute on those projects. So I would actually expect in this cycle with the down payment that we're getting and the money that we would spend to be relatively neutral to slightly positive. But I look at TPS overall, I would expect them to have a strong free cash flow year next year given the dynamics that we talked about with the services growth that we're anticipating with some of the conversions with the orders that we booked this year on the equipment side so relatively, relatively positive. And for cash flow in general for 2019, we will benefit overall from higher net income coming through at the DHC level. Do expect our working capital metrics to continue to improve but we will have revenue growth there but again processes, I think are getting much better, lower restructuring cash outflows as well but we may have some of that, we will have some of the $200 million to $300 million we talked about from the GE separation cost coming through and we'll continue to invest up to 5% of our revenues in CapEx. So we've been disciplined about investments this year. We'll continue to be disciplined there, but I think overall the backdrop with the operating process improvements that we've made and seen that come through in our working capital metrics as well as what we're seeing specifically in Turbomachinery we feel good about our ability to generate strong free cash flow in 2019.
Brian Worrell: So guys I think Sean a couple of things there. We do remain committed to returning 40% to 50% of our net income to shareholders over time and there are obviously different ways that we can do that. We do like our current credit rating and the strength of the balance sheet especially with the volatility in this marketplace. So we think that it's strength, but we've got a lot of opportunity here with this free cash flow profile with how we've outlined our capital allocation priorities. So I think you should expect us to be prudent and take a step back and look at what's best for our stockholders here in terms of capital allocation and we certainly consider what GE sell down means for that and take that into consideration.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Jim, and what I would say is if we look at some of these costs that we talked about there really ramp up cost is we have won new business where we didn't have resources in place and needed to redeploy both people and assets there, so that's the type of cost, we're talking about. I'd say in general though we have looked at the book of business that we have in the international markets what we think we're going to win and all that is baked into the framework that we talked to you about in terms of how we think about OFS margins progressing during the year. So we've certainly considered that in our framework and I think you'll see that we've been pretty disciplined in what we've been going after and the pricing that we've been putting forward in international markets and we will continue to do that.
Brian Worrell: Yes, we talked about it in terms of the traditional LSPK. We need to be aligned with the customers, we talk to customers about alignment, if they win, we win and the models that Lorenzo talked about are structured in such a way that if we perform and help them beat performance expectations, we get upside from that as well. So we're trying to completely align with the customers in what they need to generate more profitability and better productivity and we're structuring our contracts in a way that help us getting some of that upside.
