Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, James, and we feel good about the TPS orders outlook, and we do expect, as was mentioned, that we'll see double-digit order growth in 2022. and a lot of that driven by the LNG opportunities. We've spoken about LNG before and as you look at the outlook for 2030, we increase the capacity requirement LNG to 800 MTPA. And during the course of the next few years, we see projects of 100 to 150 MTPA being awarded, and we've got a bias towards the upper end of that and feel very good about the projects coming through. A number of customer discussions that have been ongoing and you've seen what's happening in the industry at the moment. So we feel good about LNG with some large FID as well as small mid-size opportunities. And then also in the other segments of our TPS business, when you look at the offshore-onshore production site, most notably with some of the FPSO s and a strong number of opportunities in Latin America coming through, continue traction on the services business, both transactional contractual. And then as we go through '22 and beyond also, a continued pipeline of good growth opportunities for our pumps, valves, as well as the new energy markets of hydrogen and CCUS. So this is a good cycle for TPS and orders outlook positive.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Hey, James. We're definitely seeing the pipeline of opportunities getting more firmed up and you'll that seeing that even in 3Q we announced the selection of TPS to supply booster and exports centrifugal pumps to Northern Light CO2 transport and storage project in Norway. So previously we've also made announcements around the linkage with that product. So you're starting to see the market mature and also the opportunities per market. We look to 2022, we expect to see $100 to $200 million of orders from the new energy spaces and as we go forward during the course of the next 3 to 4 years, we think that it could be around 10% of our TPS orders coming from the new energy spaces and as we said before, by the end of the decade, we could have as much a $6 to 7 billion of orders in the new energy spaces. So good traction. And as you know we're coming up to COP 26 and there's a lot activity and we think that with continued regulation and continued support and policies, this is going to be more firming up in the new energy space as we go forward.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Neil, just to add, maybe. I think we have a good understanding of what we need to do at Digital Solutions. And clearly it's an aspect of organizational changes, supply chain improvements, and also commercial intensity, besides Brian laid out going into 2022, those margin rates should improve and we see again Digital Solutions getting back to where it needs to be. So a big focus by myself and Brian on getting it back on track.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Neil, again, you may have seen at a Investor Conference in September, we really laid out the way in which we view the business from two areas: one being the upstream Oilfield Services, and equipment side which has tailwind. But it's also a mature marketplace and then the emerging higher growth in industrial energy technology. As you look at it, we also said it makes sense to keep it together and really run the full product companies as we do today, but it provides optionality as we go forward as well, and we'll always look at it from what's best for the shareholder return standpoint. There are benefits from a customer-based perspective. There's also synergies from a technology standpoint, and we'll continue to run it on that basis and also continue to review what's best for the shareholders going forward. So that's really -- the key-in focus was to try and to pick really the 2 growth areas that we have, one and more mature space, but then the evolving space of energy transition and also industrial applications for us.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, Scott. Look, I think, again, we wanted to depict the optionality that we have and that's why we clearly laid out the 2 business areas. And ultimately, we think that it's a topic that investors and the market will decide as we go forward. We see that there are synergies there today, as we mentioned before, on just the global scale, the customer base, and we'll continue to monitor as that evolves. What it provides for us is also differentiation in the marketplace. Again, we've got a portfolio that can really cut across the landscape of energy within these 2 different business areas.
Lorenzo Simonelli: I will pick it up here, Scott and then, generally speaking, we've been pushing pricing to offset the cost inflation and we've seen success in that outside of the chemicals business, which is, as Brian mentioned, going to take a little longer due to the way the contractual agreements work. Where we're seeing the largest gains is in North America, also in some of the markets internationally. I'd say one area that remains competitive is some of the largest centers in the Middle East on the turnkey aspect. And again, we're being very much focused in how we price and looking to offset inflation.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Just to add on the -- if you look at the LNG outlook that we indicated and the potential for the 100 to a 150 MTPA, and we're on the upper end of that. You're going to be increasing our installed base, which obviously, we're seeing an additional 30% of install base by 2025, which then gives us a good outlook for services as well going forward.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, David. Clearly with the pricing where it is at the moment, there is some improvement. I'd say though it's still remains challenged than just when you look at the capacity that's still in the marketplace. And again, we don't see it going back to the levels of prior years still for another couple of years. So yes, there is some improvement in particular around the wellhead business, also on the services side, when you look at flexible pipes. As you look at trees and awards on trees, again, some modest improvement in '21 and additional growth in '22. But it's still difficult to see it achieving the historic levels and those being sustained.
Lorenzo Simonelli: As you look at the marketplace, clearly there's some big players, and we're really focusing on the optimization, improving the margin rates, and really the operational improvements within our upstream business. And as you look at some tailwinds, clearly demand is increasing and we do expect to get back up to 2019 demand level. So we'll continue to evaluate the prospects on each of the businesses. And again, it's more a margin focuses, as we said before, for the OFSC business.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, Ian, and just as you correctly state, we didn't book any LNG orders in third quarter. And as you know, there's a bit of lumpiness when it comes to LNG, their large-scale orders. And we do expect to book 1 or 2 additional awards in the fourth quarter. Base on the current discussions we're having with customers and also some of the seasonality, as you look at TPS orders, we're likely be modestly up sequentially and flat year-over-year for the fourth quarter in 2021. And then as you go into 2022, again, we stated before, we expect double-digit order growth led by the LNG opportunities. And there is some timing elements there, but feel very good about the 2022 double-digit orders expectation.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, Marc, as we mentioned before, we see synergies that exist between the Oilfield Services equipment as well as the industrial energy technology. We're retaining the full product companies and in fact, we have synergies across the capabilities of CCUS. As you know, from a drilling perspective, also from a storage reservoir understanding, as well as in the capture from the compression side. So we continue to look at it from a holistic basis as those opportunities arise.
Lorenzo Simonelli: No. I was just going to say I think that concludes the call. So I just wanted to thank everyone for joining the earnings call today and just leave you with a couple of thoughts. We're really pleased with the way the teams executed and continue to execute on our strategy over the course of the third quarter. While we had some mixed results across OFS and DS, we're pleased with the strong operating and orders performance at TPS and a solid quarter of free cash flow. Looking ahead, we see a multiyear cycle in the OFS business and a multiyear growth cycle for TPS led by LNG and new energy initiatives. So we're going to continue to execute our strategy through the 3 pillars of transform the core, invest for growth, and position for new frontiers. And as I mentioned, the way we're thinking about the Company and our broader long-term strategy is evolving, we are starting to view our Company in the two broad business areas of Oilfield Services & Equipment and Industrial Energy Technology. We feel Baker Hughes is uniquely positioned in the coming years to evolve with the energy markets and grow in the industrial space while maintaining a prioritization on free cash flow, returns above our cost of capital, and returning capital to shareholders. So thanks for taking the time and look forward to speaking to you again. And Operator, you may close the call.
Brian Worrell: Yeah, Chase, I'll give you some more color on that. Look, as I said, OFS revenues were up 3% sequentially in the quarter. North America land actually basically performed in line with overall market trends when you factor in the heavy influence of our oilfield and industrials chemicals business. And international, we did see some increases primarily in Latin America,
Brian Worrell: Russia, and the Middle East, that were offset by declines in some other areas due to some of the one-off factors that we talked about. So if I break it down and look at what was going on and what impacted revenue, a couple of things there. First, we did mention Ida, as well as some of the supply chain constraints. So I'd say these 2 items cost us about 30 to $40 million in revenue during the quarter. Ida, obviously pretty straightforward as to what was going on logistics. We're impacted by this timing of some shipments, and some COVID related things, and a couple of our suppliers, and in a couple of factories that will come back, not anything lost there. And then Asia-Pacific specifically was modestly down during the quarter really related to some COVID delays and mobility issues and that was about $10-15 million of that overall revenue impact. And I'd say in the second area where we saw some impacts in the quarter, again, I think they are transitory or were around margin impacts related to some of the supply chain items that I talked about. Most notably, we saw some higher freight and shipping costs across several product lines that resulted in higher cost in the quarter. We saw that particularly in lift and in the chemicals business. And while we have been pushing price increases, there is a delay in that coming through with some of the contracts and things that we have in place. And I'd say, Chase, we -- as far as the COVID -related items go in factories and stuff, we have been working with the supply chain to build up inventory and safety stock to be able to handle that as we move forward. And then on the logistics front, we are starting to see that stabilize and ease a bit. We saw a lot of capacity constraints, particularly in air as commercial aviation is well below pre -pandemic levels. You don't have as much room in the belly of planes with fewer flight. So as the U.S. opens up and more countries open up here, we're starting to see that creep back up and we've got a good plans to deal with that. And look, I'd say the team mates made some really smart decisions here in the quarter on some of the product sales Chase, where we saw logistics cost increase. We worked with our customers to make sure we weren't impacting their timings and the team decided not to ship at some of these higher costs and expedited freight cost. And did the right thing for customers and for shareholders in terms of delaying some of those shipments and getting the lower cost as we look here in the fourth quarter. So over it, on top of it, everybody is working on it and I think most of this is transitory. We're still spending a lot of time on chemicals as they have some unique things going on in the supply chain, but feel good about OFS, and the margin trajectory we laid out over the short to medium-term here.
Brian Worrell: Yeah, Chase. I'd say the chemicals business actually had about a 100 bps drag on overall OFS margins in third quarter due to the input costs that we saw come through in some of the logistics challenges. And look, we have instituted multiple price increase s in the chemicals business. But most of our large contracts have contractual price renegotiations every 3 to 6 months. And when we put some of these increases in place, it does take some time for them to roll through based on the contracts that we have. But spot prices have definitely been taken up. Given how quickly we saw increases for inputs like ethylene and propylene. There is a bit of a delay in terms of getting that through to customers. The other thing in our chemicals business that's a bit unique for us is, we've been particularly impacted by our sizable presence in North America and our concentration of supply in the Gulf Coast. About 75% of our supply chain rolls to the Gulf Coast, which has been impacted by several things this year. Earlier, the Texas freeze and then, obviously in August, Hurricane Ida, and about 10% of our North America chemical business is in the Gulf Coast. So that saw a drop here in the quarter as well. So look, we've got some pretty good contracts in place, we've worked to diversify the supply base here in the short term. I'd also remind you that we started back in 2018 and I'm happy to say that in the early part of 2022, our factory in Singapore should be up and running. That is going to be a natural margin accretion, Chase, as we have secured pretty favorable input costs there and are going to be closer to a lot of our customers in Asia, which will naturally cut down on logistics costs. The Head of Supply Chain Maria Claudia is spending his time down in Sugar Land and working to make sure these things are smooth out here. So for us it really boils down to two things. It's getting those price increases through which I feel good, we'll start to feel them coming, and we've worked hard on the supply chain to make sure that the logistics are squared away and we're working on the supply base as far as the input costs go. And I just note that typically the chemicals business is accretive to overall OFS margins. They've done a great job through the first half of the year. We did see that flip in the third quarter here. And I do think it's transitory and as things start to normalize, that business, we'll see margin rates improve. And again, Chase, we'll just reiterate that we feel good about the margin track that we laid out for OFS and being able to deliver on that 20% plus EBITDA here in the near to medium term.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Neil. Hi. Look, as we did say, we did see a few challenges in the quarter and I'd say the supply chain is primarily focused around electrical component shortages, largely around semiconductors boards and displays that led to really some lower convert ability in the quarter. And there's real tightness in supply in that market. We did have a quality issue from one of our suppliers that came out late in the quarter. And with the tightness in the supply chain and in the supplier base, that typically could have been rectified within the quarter that is certainly had an impact and made some -- made some of the shipments slip out. I'd say overall, the component shortages and a little bit around logistics and similar things we saw in Asia in OFS, we also saw in DS, roughly impacted the top line about 3% to 4% in the quarter. Look, we've been well aware of this, we've been taking preemptive steps to make sure we have got the right products to fulfill. And I'd say the teams do daily production meetings on this and move things around accordingly. We have started to see that stabilize a little bit and it feel good that we've got what we need to deliver in the fourth quarter from a supply chain standpoint and we're obviously working on 2022 as we speak today. Look, to get margins back up into the mid-teams, which is where they should be, it will require higher volume and more recovery from our biggest businesses like Bently Nevada, Nexus, and Waygate. And for fourth quarter in particular, we do see a strong sequential revenue in line with traditional year-end seasonality. As I said, the supply chain constraints around electrical components is stabilizing, and the logistics, we've worked too similar to what we've done in OFS and have that lined up for the quarter as well. So look, we should see margin rate growth in line with the traditional seasonality as well. And then for 2022, the team is working hard to make sure supply chain is certainly not an issue. And again, it comes down to getting those orders in the big businesses which we've got a really solid pipeline. And as we see the economy recover, we should see strength in those businesses, particularly in the industrial sector.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Neil and I just add that, look, we're paying close attention to the market and ultimately that will dictate capital allocation in these businesses and how we invest. And we're starting to see the market evolve. and push for more integration between our offerings, which is a good thing. We see multiple opportunities here, particularly in New Energy and in the digital space for the teams to work together across the portfolio. But clearly as the market evolves, there will be different capital allocation priorities for those two big areas. And we'll keep you guys updated on how we think about and I just remind you that with the HMH deal that just closed, we've clearly demonstrated that we're willing to do things differently for the portfolio to increase overall returns and make these businesses successful in different markets.
Brian Worrell: I would just add to that even when you look at the path, the 20%, we're not counting on net price to get us there. It's really working hard to offset the inflation, particularly in chemicals as I've mentioned here. But again, we have -- we've been executing a lot in terms of improving margins in OFS. And I just remind you, again. I mentioned the chemicals factory that's going to be starting in Singapore in the first half of the year. In addition to that, we have a lot of the initiatives that have been taking hold over the last 12 to 18 months, including remote operations. We still are closing down some rooftops and we've got some supply chain moves where we're moving things closer to our largest customer base. So there's still some of the things, Scott, that we put into place that haven't fully matured and are fully reflected in the results yet. And that will come through in the fourth quarter and into next year as we bridge over to that 20%+ EBITDA rate.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Yes. David, look, I mean, Ron and the team have done an outstanding job this year, and I'd say from a backlog conversion standpoint, and I've seen this for almost 20 years now in TPS. Things can move around from a project timing step -- project timing perspective. It's mostly customer schedules that move that with some moving forward and some being pushed back. I'd say what we're seeing right now is just typical movement across the backlog. Our actually capability and capacity to fulfill has certainly gotten better over the last few years. And so we can have that flexibility for our customers. And so I'd say what you've seen this year is you've seen some projects move in, you've seen some projects move out, and just given the order cadence and how that cycle is -- has played out, that's really what's driven the uptake in what we see in equipment revenue for 2022. As far as services go, look, we saw a bit of a dip last year. Contractual services has performed exactly in line with how we thought. We did see some movement in transactional services. And then we started to see an uptake and upgrades coming through this year and the tailwinds for services look pretty good for next year as well. So while you may not see the same level of growth that you do in equipment because of the way the backlog is going to convert, we're pretty happy with the trajectory that we see in TPS services side, just break that down again. Contractual services have performed right in line with what we expected. Transactional orders are up this year. We expect revenue to be up next year for that. And the upgrade cadence looks pretty good as well. So listen, overall, next year margins for both businesses within TPS are going to be strong. The overall margin rate is really going to depend on the mix of equipment versus services. And the other thing I'd just add about the performance here is cost productivity has been outstanding this year, With how Ron and the team have been executing. I would expect that they would drive productivity next year. Given everything we're seeing in the commodity markets, not prudent right now to count on it falling through at the same level, given some of the potential inflation that's coming through. But I think we've demonstrated this year that that team can drive productivity and it's shown up in the margin rates and they are ahead of where we thought they'd be at this time, and I'm really pleased with that, and feel good about the outlook for next year.
Brian Worrell: Mark, I would say I don't think how the businesses worked together limit optionality in the long run. I mean, we've got tons of examples of partnerships across the industry today. So again, we're going to be really focused on margins and cash and returns and the upstream business and IT, its growth, taking advantage of what's going on in the new energy space. And again, we'll look at overall shareholder return as we think about structure over the long term. But where these businesses naturally work together, I don't think that's a hindrance to any structure going forward. And in fact, I think it could help in multiple structures.
Brian Worrell: Look, we started up in September with the program and -- look if -- have continued to be active. And listen, our goal here is to continue to be in the market and from a capital allocation standpoint, we would like the dividend, we like the pace of buyback we've generated quite a bit of free cash flow and have excess cash to deploy in that space. And we still have capital to deploy and the tuck-in M&A, and technologies that we talked about here. So from a buyback standpoint we'll continue to be in the market and look, we'll also be opportunistic if things change and we have an opportunity to do more. So that's the thing I like about our free cash flow capabilities. It gives us some optionality here to continue to drive returns and we'll do that.
