Martin S. Craighead: Good morning, Dave. I'd put this way: The pressure pumping business grew 100% sequentially. Now, granted, that's off of some relatively smaller numbers. And the Gulf of Mexico was up slightly, particularly on the frac boats. But certainly, the drilling business, be it the bits or our LWD AutoTraks, were up between 25% and 30% sequentially. And, if you remember, this is something we highlighted back in the third quarter as to the demand signature for that technology, as these laterals continue to get longer and longer. So it was a bit across the board, and you're right, the Gulf was up a bit. Canada was up around high single digits, mid-teens, but the real drivers was our drilling group.
Martin S. Craighead: It's a great question. And it's a mix, right? You segmented it between NOCs and IOCs, but even in those two categories, certainly different temperaments and different risk appetites. But, as we said back in the third quarter, and we're holding to that, for our offshore IOCs, it's got to be north of $60, probably north of $65, to encompass the majority of them. And it's got to hold there for a while. Now, it varies. Certainly, deepwater West Africa has a different profile in terms of customers and also the risk appetite versus, let's say, the more mature North Sea basins. And of course, as you well know, Dave, I mean, it's just a longer cycle commitment, and that's where the durability of these commodity prices just have to hang there for a while – and again starting with a 6. I think it's – and it's very possible that by the second half, I hope we didn't come across too negative on the deepwater. We said it's – the decline in the first half will be more severe in that segment, but there's no denying the productivity of these deepwater basins, and they're not going to be ignored. Our peers in the service sector on that area particularly, particularly the subsea companies, they're working through their cost profile. And I think as that starts to materialize in the FEED studies and so forth, and the FIDs, you're going to see more of these projects come to pass in the second half. So I mean it does depend greatly on commodity price and the durability of that price. But fundamentally you just can't ignore what those basins have in terms of productivity. So we remain very optimistic. It's just a timing issue, but it's getting a brighter outlook than it was, say, six months ago.
Martin S. Craighead: Oh, I think that's a very good point. My customer community at the highest level is concerned about replacement ratios, long-term asset base. And there's certainly headline-grabbing North America acquisitions by IOCs and as they position themselves. But it's a lot of hard work to bring a barrel on in North America. I mean, it's why it's called an industrial operation. It's a lot of activity, a lot of work. And yet you look at the reservoir profiles in these deepwater basins, those are company makers, and those are the reserve replacements that our IOC community needs going forward. So it's all hands on deck on our customer side, as well as us, GE, for example, in getting that cost curve down, and we're getting there. And, again, it plays right into the merger announcement in terms of being able to put together a full-stream solution. So I'm convinced that – and while it's maybe not flavor-of-the-month, deepwater right now, there's no getting away from the fact that our IOC customers need that in their portfolio, and I don't want to be provocative or anything, but without that, then our IOCs are not IOCs, and it's a big part of their go-forward valuations.
Martin S. Craighead: We are. So the answer to your question is yes. But as you've heard us, both Kimberly and I, and you'll hear it throughout our organization, return on capital.
Martin S. Craighead: So equipment goes where it's loved the most, and not every basin in North America is created equal right now in terms of pricing. But, yes, we are bringing more tools out, but we're not going to lose discipline on the amount of money we're making on them.
Martin S. Craighead: Sure, Byron. There's a bit of a disconnect between the OPEC cuts that were announced and what we're forecasting at least for the next six months in terms of activity. And I have to hand it to our customers there. The governments have long-term strategic plans. They keep their NOC subsidiaries kind of on notice that they want to have a certain production capacity. Some of our Middle East countries and clients have not wavered from their long-term 2020 or 2025 production goals. So we've seen no pullback that would kind of correlate, if you will, to the announcement on a production cut. We still expect it to be relatively steady and a couple pockets, so some of the more midsize to smaller players in the Middle East are actually going to increase. So it's a positive environment, at least for the first half, in that region.
Martin S. Craighead: I think once the combination occurs, it will probably provide a broader relationship, potentially. But at this stage, we're opportunity rich in that area, and we're going through the processes and making sure all the T's are crossed and I's are dotted. We have no lack of interest, as I said in my comments, in that area. We're a little ahead of schedule. We brought a few online in the fourth quarter when we told you we thought it would be the first half.
Martin S. Craighead: So it's very positive. And I think it'll only get more positive once we have a bigger catalog, so to speak.
Martin S. Craighead: No. Absolutely not. And it wouldn't be appropriate at this stage, given the regulatory process. I mean, the integration teams are working very well together. They're focused on organizational design; they're focused on operating models. And we're looking at validating and feeling comfortable with synergy targets. But as it relates to the go-to-market strategy, I see that further down once regulatory approval is given. But I would just tell you this – and, again, it gets back to the previous question – it's a broader catalog and probably even more channels than what we had set out prior to our discussions with GE.
Martin S. Craighead: No. There's no pockets of improvement internationally. I mean, it's – not in the first half. And it gets back to what we see with regards to commodity prices. But everything starts in North America and kind of ends in North America. And, as I said, we're kind of at the end of the downturn. We're starting to – I think we're on the cusp of a sustained recovery. The question is timing and intensity, but it's certainly looking a lot more positive. That washes to the other shores where we work and the clients' own changes. Certainly, our customer communities in the Eastern Hemisphere has a different tone. They're more optimistic. But, again, it gets to the longer-cycle nature. And we got to see capacity get absorbed in North America to where it starts to really tighten up the conversations in the Eastern Hemisphere. But I'd say the pricing in the fourth quarter in the Eastern Hemisphere is probably the worst I've ever seen potentially that I can remember. Let's put it that way.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, look, our operational folks, along with our product line folks, have regular rigorous discussions as to the earnings potential, not only with the new assets that are coming out of manufacturing but the existing assets. As we said in our prepared remarks, we had some significant deepwater wins in Brazil, West Africa, and so forth, and the North Sea. And those are at numbers that justify pulling tools from certain places. And my comment around it all starts in North America and ends in North America – my having lived and worked overseas and engaged with the customer community in those respective basins, the vibe in North America, given the intensity of work, the service intensity, very quickly changes conversations. Now, you have longer-term contracts and so forth, but this industry needs to have more discipline when it comes to return on capital. We do certainly as a company, and we're not shy about having the conversation with our customers that equipment needs to go where it's loved the most, and that's why I think that North America could be a catalyst sooner rather than later with regards to what's going on in the rest of the world, and I – appreciate, I can't give you specifics of where things are moving right now. But it's a very rigorous and frequent conversation between our ops and product line folks.
Martin S. Craighead: I agree with what you said, but I also get the feeling that given the uncertainty that's out there and the hope or anxiousness that its worst is behind us, I'm not so sure that that – budget adjustments midyear won't be different. And, look, in many, many cases, the budgets are either still in flux or haven't been formally announced. So we remain – I think second half offshore deepwater is going to have a different complexion. And that's where I'm at, Jim.
Martin S. Craighead: I think across the board internationally offshore with – that certain deepwater basins will look differently in the second half than the first half, yes.
Martin S. Craighead: I guess we could have included the pressure pumping one, but, no, that's not it. I could probably tell you, but I don't want to in terms of what product line. But I will tell you this, that given again the areas around, let's say, barrier to entry, investment, infrastructure, and you just look at the value proposition, the price point that has to be reached, I'll let you draw – you know this business. I'll let you draw the conclusion of which one of those in our portfolio in North America – it's got an element of scale to it. And, as Kimberly said, we look at the amount of money that's required and what's the return on that going to be versus what's it going to be in the next-generation LWD, and we just said, let's let somebody else distribute it on our behalf.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, I can't speak for my competitors. I would say that in product lines that have a low barrier to entry – and pressure pumping, frankly, is one of those – I think you're going to see capacity adds. The guy who's willing to accept the lowest return is generally – sets the returns for everybody else, because he's willing to bring in capacity. And when that playing field is a lot of participants, then that's a challenge. And that leads to the outcome that we announced in the fourth quarter. On the offset of that, whether it's high-end flow assurance chemicals, whether it's rotary steerables, whether it's high-end completions, or the next-generation type of artificial lift technology, that's a different ballgame, and I can only speak from Baker Hughes' perspective, but as Kimberly said, we're going to be extremely disciplined when it comes to capacity.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, it's a mix, but that's an insightful question, and the customer community is clearly trying to lock in longer-term contracts. We look at each one very closely, and we're in general avoiding that type of outcome. If it does have that in this particular environment, then it has kick-out clauses or escalation opportunities. But, yes, there is a bias in the customer community now to try to button down service agreements for the longer term. And in general we're not biting.
Martin S. Craighead: You're welcome. Okay, folks. Listen, I want to bring this to a close. And I want to, first of all, thank all of you for joining us. Let me just summarize a couple of points. Baker Hughes is executing on the strategy that we articulated for all of you back in May, and it's working. We delivered nearly $730 million improvement in adjusted operating profits from the first half to the second half of 2016, despite continued market headwinds through that time. In the fourth quarter alone, we generated $632 million of cash flow from operations, and we grew the top line sequentially, securing a number of critical, important strategic wins. The innovation engine in Baker Hughes is in full throttle. We beat our target for new products to market, and we successfully launched our commercial model earlier than we had anticipated for those new sales channels. As we set our technology agenda for creating a step change in productivity for our customers, we firmly believe our merger with GE Oil & Gas will be revolutionary, particularly as we begin to operationalize the full potential of digital technology in the upstream sector. And, finally, we've laid out our views on how we see the market evolving over the coming next couple of quarters and years. And despite a few remaining challenges, the outlook is considerably more positive, particularly for our North America business. With the actions we've taken over the last couple of quarters, I like where we are right now with our portfolio. We are in the right geographies, and we have the right asset mix, and we're positioned extremely well for the upcoming recovery. So again thanks, all of you, for joining us. Bye.
Kimberly A. Ross: So obviously as we start seeing more activity come through with the cost base that we have, we'll see incrementals. We're not going to give a number today on that. And I think also keep in mind that with the lower business of pressure pumping, which was obviously a lower margin for us, and the fact that we'll be more asset-light, we expect a better return on capital overall going forward in the North America operations.
Kimberly A. Ross: And I'd just add to that also that obviously we still have annualization of contracts coming through from price concessions that were given before. And we still obviously have some longer-term contracts that are rolling over and get renewed at lower pricing, so just keep that in mind as we go through the year.
Kimberly A. Ross: I think a few things that you need to keep in mind is, first of all, we have the seasonality that typically takes place in Q1. We also will not have a repeat of the direct sales. You also, on – while North America is expected to be up, international is expected to be down. And also with pricing, as we just discussed. So you have a few moving parts taking place there. So obviously the pressure pumping being a plus, but then we have some things going the other direction. And then also we have the $23 million that we mentioned of an investment gain that we had in quarter four that does not repeat in quarter one. So there are few moving parts there.
Kimberly A. Ross: Well, we're not giving necessarily a straight EBIT number on that. So we're not giving you guidance specifically on the North America business. So what we have said is that on the top side is well construction will be offset by the deconsolidation of the pressure pumping, and also we have some reduced activity that we expect in Gulf of Mexico.
Kimberly A. Ross: Not as a tax. But obviously, right now, we don't have tax benefit. Right? Because any benefits are being offset by the fact that we have to put valuation allowances up against those benefits. So thus the reason also that we continue to have a kind of distorted tax rate, coupled with the fact that we continue to pay withholding taxes and other taxes that go in there also. So that's why we tried giving you some guidance for quarter one. We're getting brave out here and giving you some guidance there on the $50 million to $70 million that we expect of a charge for quarter one, but this continues to be volatile, and obviously it's very dependent on the earnings mix, the geographic mix of where the earnings come through.
Kimberly A. Ross: Yeah. And this is Kimberly. And I would add to that, I think the new organization structure has really helped us in this also, because you have Belgacem, along with Art and obviously finance helping along there, too, and others, really taking a look at what's the total amount of assets that we have, where do we think the growth is going to be with regards to different product lines, and then within the different regions. And we have, I think, strong processes also now to know where the tools are and how to share the tools across the operation. And so, to Martin's point, the rigor that's gone into this, I would like to think, is step-changing versus how we were doing things in the past. And so feeling good about not only where we move tools to but also do we build new tools based on where we see opportunities going forward.
Kimberly A. Ross: Yeah. So obviously, as a private company, we will not be giving guidance on their number specifically. You will have visibility to it each quarter. Obviously, the objective here is to see improvement in the overall performance of that business, and they're going to have a leaner cost structure. And also, as they start with this uptick and they're reinvesting in that business, they're doing it mindfully so and keeping their eye on cost. And so we do expect to see improvement in the performance versus what you saw in the recent quarters while it was 100% under Baker Hughes. So, with that said, we will not be giving guidance on that. I think once you see the Q1 results in our equity, it'll give a better sense. So apologize that right now I can't give you a number to plug in there.
