Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Nancy. Turning to Slide 16. Baker Hughes is committed to delivering for our customers and our shareholders. We remain focused on capitalizing on the growth opportunities across OFSE and IET, including LNG and new energy, where we are increasing R&D to develop our technology portfolio in hydrogen, carbon capture and clean power. We also remain committed to optimizing our corporate structure to enhance our margins and return profile where we are targeting EBITDA margins of 20% in OFSE and IET and increasing ROIC in both businesses to 15% and 20% respectively. And finally, we will continue to focus on generating strong free cash flow and returning 60% to 80% of this free cash flow to shareholders while also investing for growth across our world class business. With that, I'll turn it back over to Jud.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And since that trip, I've also been back another 2 times, and I can tell you the customer discussions have been remaining, and there's a lot of positive momentum. And I think both as you look at the near term and also the long term prospects for natural gas and LNG, it's a positive investment cycle. In 2022, we did experience some cost inflation, some high interest rates, which slowed the pace of FIDs but conversations with customers definitely hasn't slowed down. And I think you've seen some of the announcements also within North America from Sempra related to Port Arthur, NextDecade, which has signed up a supply agreement. So importantly, I think the operators globally have recalibrated the project costs to the current environment, and they're actually starting to see success in securing some of the offtake agreements. So I think there's a realization out there as well that natural gas and LNG are going to play a key role, not just this transition but also destination as the world continues to need more energy. And so we see a number of projects that are getting close to FID. We feel comfortable with, at least 65 MTPA reaching FID this year and expect to see sanctioning activity actually exceed that. So it's not just about 2023. I think as we look at the environment right now, we're actually going beyond and seeing also 2024 and also 2025 with the portfolio we have of modular approaches and a good time to be in LNG.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And Scott, just to give some more color. I think on the cost out, we've been operationalizing a lot of the actions since we made the announcement in September. We've got a dedicated team that's set up to go and execute this. And you've seen some of the changes we've made within Baker Hughes. And I feel very good about the annualized run rate of the $150 million coming through and we'll see a lot of the actions in the first half of this year, which then will yield in the second half.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And I think Chase [Multiple Speakers] as we go through it, again, activity right now is pretty strong out there internationally. And again, we think that $10.5 billion to $11.5 billion increase reflects the activity we're seeing.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And Chase, I firstly start by saying we're really pleased with the progress we made in 2022, which was a significant increase from 2021. And as we look at 2023, again, we believe we can achieve around $400 million of new energy orders. And we're seeing the early stages of development within CCUS, hydrogen. They are likely to be lumpy. But as you said, there's been legislation that has come into place. And the Inflation Reduction Act in the United States is helping to firm up that outlook, if anything starting to pull forward some projects. We do anticipate that Europe may bring in some legislation to help spur the energy transition as we go forward. So over the next three to four years, the new energy content should be around 10% of our Gastech orders. And as we stated previously, we believe by the end of the decade, new energy orders should be in the range of $6 billion to $7 billion. And if you think about the middle of the decade, new energy representing about 10% of our Gastech orders and then accelerate through the balance of the second half of the decade. So direction of trial is clear. We've got the investments in place into the new tech and feel good about the way in which the market segment is really creating on the back of some of the legislation.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And Arun, just to add, and I think we've maybe mentioned this before, as we go through a big equipment build, it's actually a good thing for our business. Our installed base is increasing close to 30%. And then in the later years, we'll get the service calories associated with that. So it's a factor of the longer cycle nature of this business, but we feel confident in the next two to three years to be able to take the margin rate back up to, as we said, to 20% EBITDA rate, and that's driven by the services starting to come through after the equipment flow through.
Lorenzo Simonelli: We did mention that we've been restructuring our SSPS business, and Maria Claudia and the team have been undergoing a strategic review. We are still in the early stages of that. But as we look at the subsea tree capacity, we're really going to be decreasing, rationalizing our production capacity by 40% to 50% and also outsource some of the basic machining. You can imagine from a cost perspective, we're in some relatively high cost countries. And so it's an opportunity for us to be able to rationalize capacity back to Asia, also Latin America and that machining was typically done in the UK. So we're continuing to look at how we go forward, and we feel good about the savings being achieved on top of the broader $150 million cost out effort that included about $60 million from OFSE. So still early days and we'll see this come through in 2024. But the team has got a good handle around how to take the strategy going forward for the SSPS business, and it's on the backdrop of an improving outlook for offshore.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And I think as we continue to evolve Baker Hughes, and as you saw from the announcement we made in September and moving to the two business segments, we continue to look at the future of how the growth of both the IET segment and OFSE is going to take place. And in discussions with Rod and also how we are growing in the space of digital services, industrial and also climate technology solutions, it's not a one year journey, it's a multiple year journey. And bringing Ganesh was maybe sooner than anticipated, but we found a great talent that can help us drive the growth going forward, comes from an experienced background of having built digital solutions at an enterprise level. Also knows well the climate technology solutions space. And if we look at where the growth is in the second half of the decade, we said it's around the new energy and also the industrial asset management. So great candidate at the right time. And Rod is staying with us and helping with the transition and then he will be moving on. But very happy with the new structure. And as you look at the changes we've made overall, it's all with the contemplation of, again, how we're moving forward for the next three years, the plan that we laid out in September and achieving the 20% EBITDA across the two segments.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Look, the confidence is there. And I think what we've mentioned before is we've got a large equipment mix that flows through in the first quarter. And so that's obviously impacting the EBITDA rate. But as we go forward, we've got the backlog at hand, so the visibility is there. Also, if you look at our IPO on the Gastech services at $13.6 billion, we've got how that rolls out as well. So I actually think this is pretty normal, the way in which we are seeing the profile of the year just based on the way in which the equipment and the longer cycle projects are converting. So we wanted to make sure that we gave that visibility but feel confident with the outlook for the year and then also the cost out that's going to be achieved with the $150 million transformation being annualized by the end of the year.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, maybe -- and again, it's an aspect of the lumpiness of the way some of the orders come through. I think as we go through this, again, the focus is on the total orders of the $10.5 billion and the $11.5 billion and the elements within there will shift. I think, again, as you look at LNG from the FIDs and the MTPA that's going to be sanctioned, probably will be up versus 2022 and 2023.
Lorenzo Simonelli: As you look at some of the external factors that we're monitoring, it really comes down to the supply chain associated with the IET. And as you look at it, we mentioned that forgings, castings and some of the disruption you've heard about in the aerospace supply chain, we're managing. We think we've got that in check, but we're obviously monitoring the component flow very closely. We are starting to see some improvement in the electronic chips but monitoring that as well. So just something that we've got to keep our focus on and be aware that we're not the only users of some of these components.
Lorenzo Simonelli: All right. Well, look, thank you very much to everyone for taking the time to join our earnings call today. I look forward to speaking to you all soon and seeing some of you also in Florence in the next week. Operator, you may now close out the call.
Nancy Buese: Baker Hughes remains committed to a flexible capital allocation policy, and as Lorenzo already mentioned, balancing returns to shareholders and also continuing to invest in growth opportunities. Our philosophy starts really with the priority of maintaining a strong balance sheet and also targeting free cash flow conversion from adjusted EBITDA in excess of 50% on a through cycle basis. This framework will allow us to return 60% to 80% of our free cash flow back to shareholders. That also gives us the ability to invest in bolt-on M&A opportunities that will complement the current IET and OFSE portfolios as well as our efforts in new energy. So as we look to return cash to shareholders, we will prioritize growing our regular dividend given the secular growth opportunities for IET and also complementing this with opportunistic share repurchases. And just as a reminder, during 2022, we did return a total of $1.6 billion to shareholders through both dividends and buybacks.
Nancy Buese: And we do believe the free cash flow conversion potential should be around 50% through the cycle. And in ‘22, we saw conversion below this range for a handful of items primarily we had about $300 million to $400 million of cash generation that didn't materialize given the shutdown of the Russia operations. We also saw cash consumption from inventory build in OFSE and Gastech equipment as we prepare for growth in '23. We also had lower collections from some international customers during the year. And as we think about 2023, we believe we should be in the low to mid-40% range with higher EBITDA, higher CapEx, but still about 4% to 5% of revenue. And then cash taxes should be roughly the same as in '22, cash restructuring around $75 million to $100 million versus almost zero in '22. And then also for '23, working capital will be a use of cash versus a modest source of cash and that's another strong year of revenue growth in OFSE and Gastech equipment. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of a picture.
Nancy Buese: So on the cost out, we really put that program together last September and have identified a number of ways to remove cost from the organization and create a more efficient operating structure overall. I put the cost out efforts really in two categories. The first is cost reduction from structural changes in our organization identified around simplifying and streamline operations from four product companies to two business segments and the leaner HQ. That's about two thirds to three quarters of the $150 million in cost out we're targeting. These also include headcount reductions from removing layers and really thinking about implementing a strategically managed business structure where we can push some activities down into the business from HQ and then do it on a more cost efficient basis. The second bucket is really cost optimization or cost controls. So things -- headcount reductions to optimize our support functions and then also areas to optimize our cost in technology, third party services, external expenses, those sorts of things. And we should, in terms of timing, have all the process completed by the end of Q2 and all actions taken by the end of Q4 of this year. And then we should hit the annualized run rate sometime in the fourth quarter. So our plan today considers pretty conservative guides in terms of FX. And then the other piece on that is if the euro appreciates versus the USD, there could also be some upside to our revenue outlook for IET.
Nancy Buese: And really, as within a year, there's a lot of moving pieces when we think about the orders, particularly with some of the large projects that are still out there. '22, as you noted, was an exceptionally strong year for orders for IET at $12.7 billion and then a record 4Q at $4.2 billion. And so, broadly speaking, as we think about '23 Gastech equipment orders should be down versus 2022 primarily driven by onshore/offshore orders. And as you asked about the drivers, '22 was just a huge year for onshore/offshore and then LNG orders are likely to be down modestly. The biggest driver, though, will be the onshore/offshore. We do think Gastech services orders will be up modestly in '23 versus '22 with growth somewhat in line with '22. And then industrial tech orders will probably grow at a modestly slower pace than in 2022, and those were up about 6% in '22. So as you mentioned, overall, we now do expect IET orders to be in the $10.5 billion to $11.5 billion range for the year.
Nancy Buese: If we look at the full year IET guidance, it would apply about a 200 bps decline in margin rates from '22. And so, the real drivers are around the equipment mix is it continues to move up and the step-up in R&D around our new energy efforts. So on mix, you can see by our '22 results and our '23 guidance that equipment orders are going up. And in '22, Gastech revenue was 50% equipment and this year, it's likely to be 65% or higher. R&D, as we've been communicating, we're stepping up our effort there, about $50 million to $75 million as we look to commercialize some of the most promising technologies that include things like Met Power and Mosaic. And I think for the longer term, we would really reaffirm the margin levels that we previously indicated.
Nancy Buese: Yes, I can kind of walk you through some of the variables. So the midpoint of the range assumes that the OFS business sees growth within the market fundamentals we've talked about with NAM, DMC growing to high double digits, international growing mid double digits and then adjusting for our portfolio, really high concentration of production related business lines in North America, higher concentration in the Middle East and also the sale of OFS Russia. We assume SSPS generates strong double digit revenue growth based on the backlog conversion. And then for margin rates, we assume 30-plus percentage incrementals as the chemical business continues to normalize and we see some benefits from our cost out efforts. The high point of that range assumes significantly stronger growth in North America driven by higher commodity prices and modestly stronger international growth. Also, SSPS backlog conversion remains the same as it's already locked in and then incremental margins in the high 30% range. So on the downside, I would say the low point assumes OFS North America revenue is essentially flat and international growth goes to low double digit growth, and then SSPS backlog conversion remains the same and then also really weaker incremental margins in the low 30% range.
