Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, James, first of all, let's maybe kick off with the LNG and also what we've been seeing this year overall for orders. And we feel good about the orders for TPS in 2019. As you mentioned, 80 of the 100 million tons has already taken place. And as you look at getting up to the 100 million tons, there's plenty of projects that are underway. So we feel good about the positive orders in 2019.  And as you look at LNG overall, over the course of the next few years, there's going to be increasing project activity. You've got an outlook of a demand of 550 million tons by 2030. And to put that into perspective, you're going to need to have about 650 million tons of nameplate capacity in place to actually provide that.  So as you look at the outyears, LNG activity is going to continue, and we feel conservatively, there's going to be more, 75 million to 100 million tons that's going to actually be taking place. And you've got a number of those projects that you can see actually that have been approved by FERC or internationally that are going to be coming through. So we feel good about LNG over the long term.  When you look at TPS orders and you look at 2020, specifically, as Brian mentioned in his remarks, there is an aspect of the timing of these projects. So I'd say that, again, you're going to see LNG projects, but there could be some reduction in 2020 but no more than 10% or a little bit more than that. And basically, we've got the other segments of TPS that continue to look favorable as they continue to grow as well. So 2020, again, may see some drop, but it's going to be based on project timing.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Chase, unfortunately, as was mentioned, we did have some supply chain delays from a key supplier of critical equipment. That has resulted in some delays of the project timing. I want to make clear these delays are not related to quality or performance. They're just simply timing delays, and we're seeing a few constraints on our supplier to deliver those. But we know the team is doing everything in their power to work through the challenges. We're confident that the team is going to be able to manage this and will work through these challenges going forward.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. No, no. And look, as we look at 2020, we continue to see a similar type of market for the offshore tree counts and so looking to be at around 300 trees. There's good project activity. So it's stabilizing. And again, we think we'll be having a similar type of market representation as we did in 2019.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Sean. So as you know, we did launch Subsea Connect at the end of last year and also the Aptara family suite of both trees as well as flexibles, composites. So we've seen a lot of good traction with the customers. And actually, we're already starting to incorporate many of the Aptara capabilities into some of the projects that are being executed at the moment. As we go forward, we're always going to be listening to what the customer wants and making sure that we can standardize where possible and provide them the most efficient solution. There is new modular deepwater technology that is being requested by the customers, and we've got a great capability there. So our commercial approach is going to remain flexible based on what the customers want. And again, we think our market position is going to hold as we go forward. And we feel good about the portfolio we've got in OFE.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Sean. I'll just maybe go back and rephrase 2019 and then I'll pass it over to Brian with the margin. We always said that 2019 was going to be a rebuilding of the order backlog for flexibles. And we've actually seen that. And it was driven by the fact that Petrobras did not play actively in the flexible side in 2018. And if you look at year-to-date, we're up 130% on SPS orders. So we feel good about what we said about rebuilding the backlog coming through in 2019 and then being converted next year.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Dave. And again, our artificial lift, and we like the portfolio we have. In particular, if you look at the focus areas on ESPs, where we've got the strongest part of the market, and we're seeing actually an increased adoption of ESPs when you look at different basins within North America. And that's where the contract that we announced actually is taking place is on ESPs. As you look at Rod Lift, it continues to be a challenging market. So no major shift really that we're seeing in the marketplace towards gas lift right now. So ESPs is our focus area.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Dave. No, you're exactly right. And if you look at the C3.ai suite, it's really around the aspect of reliability and also production optimization. So we are working actively with some of our customers on deploying the C3 suite. We introduced, obviously, BHC3 reliability, and we'll be working towards other solutions as well. But reducing nonproductive time on the artificial lift is key, and this is a tool that will allow us to do that.
Lorenzo Simonelli: So again, maybe let's go back to what we said relative to our focus in OFS being on margin accretion. And again, we see the international market being mid-single-digit growth. We feel good about the contracts we've brought on and also the execution of those. We're also taking into account seasonality. 1Q is going to be down as normal. And then also some of the elements on volatility with respect to does OPEC have to cut. So we feel very good about the mid-single digit, and that's what we're focused on is really mid-single-digit and the margin expansion continuing in Oilfield Services.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Great question. And simply put, I think we've got a great portfolio already today, and we've got no plans for major M&A at this time. If you look at our portfolio, we've got high differentiated product companies that can take advantage of the gas theme and the gas value chain. If you look at our rotating equipment business, clearly, with the LNG aspect on OFE, we are predominantly on the gas side. And we've got great capabilities there. As you look at also on the Oilfield Services side, history on the gas perspective. So we've been long on gas for some time. And again, with our portfolio, we think we are going to be a natural partner for the energy transition with our customers. So I think portfolio-wise, we're in a good shape.
Lorenzo Simonelli: I think it's early days on the digital journey, but clearly, they're twofold. First of all, as you looked at internally ourselves, we're applying C3.ai capability, and that will lead to improvements in productivity from a Baker Hughes perspective. Also externally, as we go to our customer base, it's going to help as we provide them solutions to improve their productivity as well. To put an exact dollar number on market size, I think, is premature at this stage. It is significant. And again, I think there'll be Software as a Service that becomes something that is talked about in the future, but the analytics are being developed at the moment. And there's definitely a mix step of productivity that's going to be derived by the Digital Solutions we're deploying.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. There's a -- as you look at -- and again, OPEC and the decisions that they'll take, there is some correlation that you look at rig count and what OPEC is going to be deciding to do here. And we don't, again, see an impact on our mid-teen growth level that we have for international. We're taking some of that into account.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, that's correct. So as you look at the OPEC decision again, we'll see what happens. A lot is going to be dependent on the December meeting.
Brian Worrell: Yes, James. Look, as I said earlier, for the fourth quarter, we do expect TPS to see modest year-over-year growth in both revenues and margins versus the fourth quarter of 2018. As you see, we have a natural margin ramp in the fourth quarter and would expect that to continue.  And look, as you look at next year, there are a few dynamics to think about that are building blocks for how the margin rate is going to play out. First, we do expect growth in service revenue, which, as you know, is accretive to our margins. We'll also see higher LNG equipment revenue, which really has 2 effects. It's accretive -- LNG margin is accretive, but with much larger equipment revenue versus services, it will lead to a bit of a mix challenge at that macro level. And we are in the early stages of executing on 2 LNG awards, and those will ramp next year, Arctic 2 and BG, which tend to have their lowest margin rates at the beginning of the projects and accrete over time as you execute. So that will also have a bit of an impact on margins as well.  And then lastly, look, we're evaluating our overall technology-related spending next year as we're looking to find the optimal level, given the competitive dynamics in this space as well as where we're moving the portfolio over the course of the next few years. So look, I think if you add it all up, you'll find that the faster revenue grows, especially in equipment, it somewhat impacts the magnitude of the upside and the increase in margins. But look, I think the third quarter gives you a little bit of perspective in terms of the dynamics where we converted less equipment backlog into revenue, had higher service mix and as you know, had incredibly strong margins above 13%.  So look, our overall goal in TPS is to continue to drive margins up in the mid- to high teens over the coming years as revenues normalize and our service revenues continue to grow, but the overall dynamics for TPS are positive for both revenue and margin accretion over the foreseeable future.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Angie, you're right. Service revenue is roughly about 60% of TPS revenue over time. We're pleased with how that business is performing. The revenue is really driven by both transactional and contractual services, where we provide services for customers' equipment on an ongoing basis, really, effectively creating an annuity revenue stream, as you and I have discussed before. And it does make up about $13 billion of the services backlog that we have in TPS.  And as I was mentioning in the other -- the question that James asked, it tends to be higher margin than the rest of the portfolio. And look, that's really about continuing to add value for customers and getting the compensation for ensuring that their equipment operates efficiently, the uptime is there and that we don't cause disruption to their equipment. So getting paid for that value is absolutely important. And Rod and the team are continually focused on how to continue to add value to customers.  Year-to-date transactional and contractual service revenues are up 6%, so solid growth there. And if you look at where we expect 2020, I would think that revenues would continue to grow at a steady pace, really driven by the visibility that we have into customer maintenance schedules and the outage schedules and the growth that we've seen in equipment orders in 2018 and 2019. They will generate incremental service revenue streams. Some of that will come in next year from orders that we took in '16 and '17. And we'll continue to add to the backlog as we start to see service orders come in for equipment orders that we booked over the last couple years.  So look, overall, to your point, I think it does create some really good visibility into the top line performance of the business. And obviously, that translates into nice earnings in the TPS and it gives us confidence about the long-term potential of the business. So look, it's a great franchise. But Angie, it's all about continuing to provide value to the customers, and that's what we're focused on doing.
Brian Worrell: Yes. In general, Angie, as I take a look at third quarter and the fourth quarter, very pleased with how TPS and Digital Solutions are tracking year-to-date and for the year. OFE is roughly in line with where we thought it would be, so pretty much down the fairway in terms of expectations.  OFS is a little behind where we wanted them to be right now in terms of collections and inventory. Look, their revenue was up 12% year-to-date. So quite a bit stronger than our peers. So working capital is a natural headwind, but they still haven't generated as much cash from working capital as we'd planned, given some of the process changes that we've been driving in that business for the last year or so. The team is working on this. We actually had a new head of supply chain come in early in the quarter, and he's already revamped the purchasing and inventory processes in OFS. And look, we'll start to see some of those results come through in the fourth quarter. I would expect the working capital to normalize in the fourth quarter. And as you know, the typical seasonal cadence for an OFS business is a working capital build in the first half, and you see a release in the second half as collections fall through on a net basis.  So look, our goal in the fourth quarter is to do better than last year, and we're working to improve a number of processes in working capital. Specifically around the fourth quarter, like I said earlier, we do expect to ramp in fourth quarter. And I'd expect us to do at least what we did in 4Q '18, excluding the $300 million progress payment that we had from ADNOC. So feel good about the process changes we've implemented, how the teams are performing. All the working capital metrics are up year-over-year. So definitely seeing progress there.  And then I'd say, in general, Angie, we're experiencing normal linearity of free cash flow. And I don't see anything that would change our ability or our capability and commitment to 90% free cash flow conversion over time.
Brian Worrell: Yes. And Chase, I'd say, look, delivery schedules in this business can move around a fair amount, given customer project timing, when they want to pick up equipment, site readiness, those kind of things. But some of the recent delays have been a little more abnormal and could persist as we work through these delays with our supplier.  If you take a look at the revenue decline in TPS, roughly half of that decline comes from business dispositions, primarily the impact of the recip disposition as well as NGS. So that gives you a little bit of color in terms of what the decline is there. And look, all the revenue isn't pacing exactly where we wanted it, given some of these delays. Look, we are pleased with the margin at over 13% in the quarter. And look, it's -- there is some mix there, but it's also a reflection of some of the cost-out programs that Rod and the team have been executing over the course of the past year. And look, I don't see any issues with the framework that we talked about from a TPS standpoint and that ramp-up of revenue in the fourth quarter increasing year-over-year. So feel good about that, and that includes the impact of potential delays from the supplier that Lorenzo and I had mentioned.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Chase, I won't give specific numbers for each individual category, but we've got a lot of things that we're driving in OFS to improve margins. I'd say, first, you hit on one, the international revenue. We did win some large contracts, started executing on those this year. So the natural progression of those contracts, we'll see margin improvement as we come up the learning curve, are fully deployed and have all the assets and people that are out there engaged full time. So you'll see a natural lift there.  In terms of some other things that we're working, we've completely revamped how we do our job planning. Our asset management, deployment of people around the world, we've been able to optimize that. So we'll start to see some impacts come through there. We're starting to see improvements in repair and maintenance cycle times and working closely with suppliers to drive cost out and better cash efficiency as we work through cost out in OFS. Really focused on supply chain and reducing structural costs globally. This is the next phase beyond the early days of synergies that we were driving, and we've been working this for quite some time now. So it's not like we're just waking up today and putting new programs in place. So we will continue to see costs go down and better asset utilization and more efficient deployment. So Maria Claudia and the team are firmly focused on this and have a strong pipeline of margin improvement projects.
Brian Worrell: Yes. I think the way to think about it is -- given the dynamics that we talked about in the revenue, and there's still a lot of moving pieces in 2020. So it's hard to call an exact number in terms of where the margin is going to be. Some of it's going to depend on mix of business. But I will say that we feel very confident, given the dynamics that we see today, that we will see margin improvement in OFS really driven by those things that I just highlighted in Chase's question.  So look, I think moving over to OFE, we've talked a lot about what Neil and the team have been driving during this downturn. We're starting to see the backlog get better. There's a lot of benefits from volume leverage coming through with all the costs that we've taken out. And look, I feel pretty good with the high single-digit range on revenue, and that should be mid-single-digit improvement in operating margins.
Brian Worrell: Yes. I mean, look, again, incrementals are so tough to call on, just given the mix of business, both geographically and the span of products that we have and where they are. But look, I think with the dynamics that we see today, you've seen a very strong quarter this quarter. I'd say with the cost out that we're driving, if things play out in the market like they are right now, I would expect to see stronger incrementals come through.  But again, it's still early days. We're in October here, and there's a lot that's got to happen by December of next year. But look, the momentum is there with the team, and you can rest assured that we'll be able to drive cost out and improve margins next year. The magnitude will depend on how some things in the market play out.
Brian Worrell: Yes. And Sean, I think if you put that in perspective of OFE in total, look, we expect to see, like I said, high single-digit revenue growth, which will lead to mid-single-digit margins in the year. And really, that's driven by strong SPS revenue growth. We saw 20% orders increase in 2018, 16% year-to-date. And Lorenzo highlighted that SPS will be back, and that's roughly 20%, 25% of the business over time. So that will be a tailwind. The drag we expect to be is the surface pressure control business like we highlighted this quarter. The North American market remains pretty challenging. Specifically, we're taking cost out there, but I would expect that to be a drag on margins next year in OFE, but that's incorporated in the mid-single-digit number that we talked about.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Marc, I'm not really going to give specific guidance at this stage on '20. But if you look at the building blocks, we expect earnings to grow. It's positive for cash flow. Restructuring spend will go down, but that will be offset somewhat by the increased separation spend that we talked about in November 2018, and we started to see coming through this quarter from a free cash flow standpoint. And look, we still have a lot of work going on around working capital, and I would expect the overall working capital metrics to improve.  In terms of CapEx, in dollar terms, I think it will be roughly flat to 2019. But as a percent of revenue, it will be lower as we expect to see outsized growth in TPS and OFE, which are much less capital intensive.  So look, I think with those building blocks, you can take a view on the things we talked about earlier in terms of how we expect 2020 to play out now and come up with a pretty constructive view on free cash flow and free cash flow conversion for 2020.
Brian Worrell: Yes, look, it averages out based on the other moving pieces. And you're absolutely right with some of these orders coming in, you do get some down payments, you build up inventory, but you get progress payments throughout to offset that inventory and work the cash curve. So I'd say it balances out, and there are other things that we're working to make sure we can have strong free cash flow conversion as you look at 2020.
