Kimberly A. Ross: Yeah, Byron, good morning. So, if you look at it, we said in the notes – prepared remarks that approximately 25% of our business is chemicals. If we then look at it, it's about 60% is U.S. land and the remaining is Gulf of Mexico.
Kimberly A. Ross: And I'll just add to that. If we look at, for example, on supply chain, where obviously reductions had to take place both internally, as well as externally, from suppliers, you see over time starting to kick-in. Also on some of the raw materials, for example in chemicals, those are tied to oil prices. So you see a bit of cost coming in there. Copper, prices are going up. And in areas like cutters for drill bits also, where we've seen obviously a significant uptick in that area. So that's a particular area in drill bits, where both on the labor side, as well as the supplier side, we're seeing some constraints.
Kimberly A. Ross: Yeah. So we're not really giving any color or guidance on the overall margin for North America or internationally. What I will say is, as we noted before in international, we do expect to see some ongoing pricing deterioration, and we'll expect that to offset some pockets of growth that we expect to see onshore. And obviously, we have the uptick in Europe. Also, we have continued to focus on cost reductions. As you saw in Q1, we had some additional charges that we took for restructuring, as we look at those markets and determine where we need to take some additional costs out going forward. And a lot of this really depends on how the markets develop. If we look at the incrementals for North America, a few things affecting that, obviously, cost inflation, the mix that we have, Gulf versus on land. And we all need to keep in mind also that the chemicals, you don't see the same amount of incrementals going through as you do on the rest of the business. So we need to keep that in mind. And then also artificial lift is picking up, but it does lag the rig count. So there are some items there with regards to incrementals. And when I look at the fact that we will have cost inflation, we're also continuing to look at opportunities to get cost out, not only of the organization, where I think we've done a lot of work, but now really on supply chain and the manufacturing of the products, and whether it's by engineering solutions or working with suppliers. And I think this is where we have a real opportunity when we combine with GE to make some big steps with regards to some of those costs going forward.
Martin S. Craighead: Byron, I wouldn't say it's renewed. And I'd say the intensity, if you will, of negotiations and tenders has been pretty consistent. But what you do have is a roll-through now of renewals on contracts, which is starting to impact the bottom-line. And as you heard Kimberly say, we had some restructuring charges, some of that was in the Eastern Hemisphere to get the top-line and the cost structure better aligned as these previously agreed-upon discounts roll through. As to severity by region, obviously, where you've seen some of the more striking turndowns, given the nature of the fields or the economics for our customers, what comes to mind particularly is the continent of Africa, parts of Latin America, then the severity is pretty dramatic, frankly, simply because there is not enough work in some cases for the number of suppliers that have traditionally been there. So it's a bit of a street fight. But I wouldn't say necessarily it's gotten any worse, I think, from – but from a numbers perspective you're starting to see the manifestation of some of these prior agreements come into play. The other thing that I'm not sure is fully understood, and I want to be careful how I say this, Byron, but these aren't necessarily take-or-pay agreements. These are agreements and they are contracts. But – you've been in this business a while, as you see activity start to rebound in some of these places with so much capacity coming back out, just like the customer community engages their suppliers to try to get the costs in line, the service community is pretty doggone good as well at reengaging with the customers to make sure that even in the middle of, so to speak, contracts and agreements, we'll reengage to make sure that we're getting the fair price relative to the market. So these things can – they can change pretty quickly as well.
Martin S. Craighead: No, it's a good question, James. As you well know, while the pressure pumping business has a, let's say, greater command or demand of people and logistics and freight, a directional drilling crew still needs vehicles, it still needs 18 wheelers to move equipment, crew still need hotel rooms, inflationary pressure on bonuses and day rates, and so forth. So it's – on a percentage of revenue basis, I don't have the numbers at the finger of my tips relative to when we were consolidating pressure pumping. But no business line right now in North America, and particularly in a couple of the more active basins, is immune from cost inflation and it's something that we're working to manage, manage aggressively, both internally as well as reengaging with the customers to try to get some uplift.
Martin S. Craighead: It's happening now. I'd say March was maybe where we started to get some better visibility to a couple of the key product lines, getting more price, as well as the...
Martin S. Craighead: ...customer accepting more push-through. But, James, it's – price isn't about just covering our inflation, internal inflation. It's...
Martin S. Craighead: Good question, Sean. In light chemicals, it's – if you're sitting down with an asset manager or a drilling completion manager, as his portfolio of wells are starting to come online, then the conversation intensely shifts to, all right, let's put these wells on production, what's the best approach. And I characterize – I mentioned this bifurcation. There's certainly a push for productivity focus, as well as some customers are more efficiency-focused, depending on the economics in their own unique situations. And when I say efficiency, these would be artificial lift systems that are more traditional in scope, lower upfront costs, something like a gas lift, maybe a rod lift. Your more productivity focused customers are more ESP driven. They have a profile when they look at the decline curve. Do they start with ESPs? How far can that ESP take them? And then do they have a backup plan to put rod lift on the curve? Obviously, when we buckle up with GE Oil & Gas, that will help the conversation. So, obviously, the West Texas area is showing the strongest near-term growth, yet we're seeing, believe it or not, pickup in the Bakken as well as in Colorado. So it's for us naturally, the oil basins, but it's led by the West – by West Texas.
Martin S. Craighead: This uptick has been, I think, a little bit more – a little steeper, as well as the ability to get these wells completed in a timely fashion. I think you guys have reported the increase in the delay between finishing the drilling and getting it online as the DUCs have – seems to have increased in number. So, yes, this one is a little bit more delayed. But I think the customers, as these wells start to come online, their focus from drilling and completions is going to shift to optimization and getting as much drainage and recovery as they can. And that really puts something like an ESP that can be adjusted in – it's really the best solution and not to say anything against rod lift and certainly having that in our portfolio going forward will give us a much better solution or offering to the customer to maximize that recovery per well.
Martin S. Craighead: Yeah. So we've had – given the engineering that goes into a Baker Hughes Centrilift ESP, it's started for offshore applications. And now that we've – the world attention has kind of moved to these unconventionals and so forth, we've obviously broadened our portfolio to make that offering. But our core business in ESPs continues to be offshore applications. And we are encouraged by, as you say, the number of – kind of attention being shifted back to the brownfields and the tiebacks. And I would say subsea boosting as well as horizontal applications, lot of these tiebacks, just don't have the reservoir pressure that they used to have. So we're looking at dual ESPs, we're looking at horizontal ESPs to be put into the surface flow line infrastructures. And obviously, the GE Oil & Gas strong presence in subsea design and engineering separation power, to the degree that we can work with GE Oil & Gas at this stage in terms of managing the regulatory issues we've identified and have been approached by a couple of these customers to kind of engineer a comprehensive solution between Baker Hughes and GE Oil & Gas, and to the degree that we feel comfortable having those conversations, at this stage prior to the merger closing, we're engaging.
Martin S. Craighead: Yeah, and that's a tough one to answer, Jud, because depending on who you talk to, and depending on their portfolio and depending even on the customer defining high-end, I got to be honest, some people will say that what they are doing is high-end and the rest of us would scoff, but let me see if I can answer it this way. If I go back to what the customers' needs are and there're certainly a – there's a customer community out there that is looking for efficiency above all else. And there is a more, let's say, higher profile operator that is also looking to maximize the recovery and the production to the lifecycle, and I'd say that's probably by nature a little bit more longer-term focused player, more sophisticated in its in-house engineering, has more comprehensive plans about the way they complete the well, the way they put it on artificial lift, do they have on electrical grid or they're going to go to some kind of power to lift or gas to lift, and in that segment where that engineering discipline is pretty hefty inside, we're seeing some phenomenal ambitions around lateral lengths, multi-laterals, sliding sleeves or OptiPort 100, 200-stage type of discussions, pretty sophisticated artificial lift. So, on a percentage basis, let me just see if I can – I'd say that the drill bits are the fastest growing conversion, whether it's Kymera or TerrAdapt, followed by rotary steerables, which in our total drilling profile, may be 25% of the strings, but certainly on a margin basis probably 80%. That's the sector that's sold out. That's the sector we're seeing pricing gains coming. Certainly the performance justifies our higher prices. In my prepared remarks, over 7,300 feet in one day is unimaginable up in the Marcellus just a year ago. It's frightening to think a year from now what we'll drill in one day. So it's hard to put a percentage on it. On the completion side, the efficiency players are more driven to the plug-and-perf. But as I said in my remarks, the TORPEDO plug being 40% shorter than the standard plug, there is some serious engineering in that. I mean one single set of slips versus two, the lower risk of drilling those out. But that all said, you can only – from a coiled-tubing drill-out perspective, you can only get so far before you lose the torque at the bottom of the hole to drill those plugs. So then you start talking about the dissolvable plugs and our dissolvable plug business, I've got to tell you, in the first quarter was pretty strong. But on the percentage basis, the dissolvables as a percentage of total plugs is still very minimal, but growing. So I think the key thing to remember with Baker Hughes is that, on a drilling perspective, we obviously have the pole position on high-end drilling, high-end completions. We're opening the Motors Center of Excellence later this year in Oklahoma. It's a pretty sophisticated manufacturing repair center that will lower the cost per unit, turn things around faster, and so our ability to play across the entire spectrum in that bifurcation – I don't mean to point out that the bifurcation is somehow a challenge. It's simply what's evolving in the market, and understanding those segments – the devil is in the details – allows us to be more targeted and maximize the opportunity. I don't know if that makes sense or answers your question.
Martin S. Craighead: Look, we certainly expect the top-line to grow going forward, given the activity forecast we see in North America. The exposure to Baker Hughes, though, in the Gulf of Mexico is pretty substantial. And that, obviously, had an activity decline, as well as a mix shift between not only the activity decline, but also kind of the movement of some rigs from the deeper waters on to the shelf. If we move on land for the U.S., we're encouraged that, just like the previous question, the percentage of the drilling business that will move towards rotary steerables can only increase, given the fact that the lengths that our customers continue to try to pursue. And there is another subtle, I think, element to this, is that the barriers here – and I think there were some notes written on this, some good notes over the last couple of weeks, that length for length's sake isn't going to necessarily continue to produce the results. We're getting into some interference issues, boundary issues, which means that as our customers are drilling these, the ability to land the well spot-on increasingly means that a rotary steerable with some formation evaluation instrumentation in the string is increasingly critical. So, we're starting to see a shift from just blow and go these holes down as fast as you can, which is certainly a big part of the efficiency gains. But we're going to have to be very careful working with our customers, and our customers primarily, to make sure that these things are drilled as efficiently as possible. So I would say that you're going to see a strong ramp-up in the high-end mix of the drilling side of the business, but we're also investing to make sure we backstop and take our fair share of the more modest parts of the drilling business. And there's another very significant, I think, tailwind that Baker Hughes has in North America, a lot of noise around what's North American production going to do. And we can either say that we're – it's disappointing that it's going to grow or it's not going to grow as fast, we don't really know, but the underlying factor is that our chemicals business and, to a large part, the artificial lift business grows with North American production. And these wells that have just come online, they're going to age quickly in terms of the decline curve. So we see differential growth, not compared to the rig count, but we see differential growth relative to what traditional growth has been in our core chemical product line. So, I mean, when you go through each one, obviously, something like wireline is somewhat stagnant. But on the flip side, our fastest growing business right now in North America on a percentage basis is our drill bits business, and that's smoking it on just about every front we look at. And the introduction of perhaps one of the most revolutionary products that I've seen in my career is this TerrAdapt bit and what it's capable of doing. And the last thing I want to say on this is, you guys try to figure this, the future out of these North American basins, I think if you fast-forward a couple years, the role that the drill bit plays in making sure that these wells are optimized and drilled as efficiently as possible, you're going to see the bit become more of the conversation, and that's obvious. I'm not just saying that because that's a space we own. I'm telling you that what is going – what the bit is going to do to improve optimization, as well as placement, is just not going to be about the cutter. The bit itself is going to play a leading role. So I hold high expectations for what our drill bit business is going to deliver.
Martin S. Craighead: No, a great question. What it means is that, is this an operator, and the ones that we won, the operators are large position holders, their company profile means that they have to make the Gulf of Mexico work. They have to the engineer some of the cost out. They're excited by – in one of the big contracts, they're excited by the buckling up with GE Oil & Gas, who is also a currently large provider. So over the three, five-year term of that contract, we have it now in our portfolio, not for what the next couple quarters will deliver, but what...
Martin S. Craighead: I can, Angie. Thanks. Yeah. We kind of coined that term this time last year and we had two key elements of that. First was, taking a look at the North American business as it relates to the capital intensity of at that time our largest product line, pressure pumping. We worked through the summer and the fall. We deconsolidated that. This is our first quarter of not having that capital intensity. We love the arrangement we made. We love the CSL guys that they're really competing head-on. The business is growing strongly. No capital calls on us, which we love. And, I mean, I had somebody say to me the other day, it's pumps for hire now. The disaggregation on that business continues. I think that business, in particular, is going to be owned by the independent service companies. Local always wins, whether it's the Bakken or the South Texas. And these guys play local. They have a price point that is shocking and they're winning. So we love having 47% of a great business. Moving to the alternative business models, where we said that every product line and every basin, including North America, has to win. Let me tell you, Angie, there is not a country in the world, including the U.S., that isn't all about local value, and some are more aggressive than others. But in my 30 years in this business, everything else being equal, Angie, and it's not always technology that wins, frankly not always, which isn't good for us all the times, it's not always price that wins. But let me tell you, local always wins and I don't care where that is. It can be the Bakken or it could be in the Congo, and we signed up three really nice contracts last quarter. We had a huge sale this quarter for a local provider in Asia. Our pipeline is stacked and full. Now, I want to be honest and frank, though, as well. I mean, a lot of these new startups are challenged. I mean, there is no market in the world that's great right now, not for the big guys, not for these little startups. But in terms of the relationships we're building the ability for them to be putting Baker Hughes products into the market, once they get their feet under them, it's looking – it's definitely the right move and it's looking good. So we couldn't be more happy with the way that business is going to evolve.
Martin S. Craighead: I think the end is in sight, Angie. I think we're going to experience some of these roll-throughs. It's still pretty aggressive. But I think the second half the conversations are going to kind of wane around pricing. And as I said, certainly on the land side of the international markets, it's waning now. The offshore not yet, but I think the 2017 will – the end of 2017 will be the – the worst will be over.
Martin S. Craighead: Okay, folks. Listen, thanks, Angie. I want to make some closing comments. First, I want to thank everybody for being with us, but a couple of key points. First, on the markets. The international markets we think have reached bottom in terms of activity, but pricing pressure will linger as activity improves in the second half of the year. In North America, we continue to see growth and some positive pricing trends in certain basins on some certain – or specific product lines. The second point I want to make is that our portfolio is very well-positioned to capitalize on these market dynamics. The chemical business is gaining share and is positioned to grow with increased North American production growth. The artificial lift business, which does lag the rig count, is seeing increased demand. Key product lines in our D&E portfolio are absolutely sold out and we're gaining pricing momentum. We have the most comprehensive completion offering of anyone in the business, and yet we still have some pretty incredible launches in later half of this year that we'll tell you about when those happen. And the asset-light strategy that Angie just asked about, whether it be the deconsolidation of the North American pressure pumping business or the new channels to market predominantly international are gaining traction and are going to improve our capital returns and continue to grow our margins. And then the final point I want to talk about is the GE deal. Every element of the Baker Hughes strategy that we've laid out for you over the last 12 months is enhanced and accelerated by the buckling up with GE Oil & Gas. New product development is going to be accelerated via access to the technology, breadth and depth within the GE store. Supply chain synergies will continue to fuel product, cost reductions. Our go-to-market strategy will leverage the capabilities of a full stream service sector company with unparalleled geographic access. And finally, and I think most importantly, and where the customer community is certainly heading is that Baker Hughes will be uniquely positioned to drive the digital transformation, if not revolution, so badly needed in the upstream oil and gas sector. So that's our call for the quarter. I want to again thank everybody for joining us. Bye.
