Brian Worrell: Yes, Sean. Look, you’ve got the right pieces there, and just to elaborate a little bit further on that. I did say earlier I would expect free cash flow to get back to historical levels, sort of 2018, 2019 level. And you hit on a couple. Based on how we’re seeing things play out right now, should see higher earnings as you mentioned. CapEx specifically, I would expect a modest decline versus what we saw in 2020, assuming similar activity levels and what we're seeing right now. Working capital specifically based on what I'm seeing now, Sean, I'd say, it should be neutral or a modest source of cash in 2021. And I think it really depends on OFS activity levels and how progress payments play out from new orders in turbo and OFE. As I also mentioned, while we expect earnings to be higher, do expect cash taxes to decline as we expect some refunds to come in, in 2021, so that should be a tailwind as you mentioned. And look, the largest changes is really the cash restructuring and separation charges, which will reduce material in 2021. So overall, that increase in earnings, the upside from cash restructuring should support material improvement. I feel good about the process improvements we've made. The teams are all over this, it's a key metric in all of our performance metrics and are pleased with the performance there and have got a pretty good construct for 2021.
Brian Worrell: Yes, Angie, just to give you a little more color as I think about the year. I mean, first, the team has done, I think, a great job in terms of responding to the environment and really realizing the benefits of multiple years of work to transform the business in the way it operates. And specifically around the first quarter, as I mentioned, margin rate could be down slightly based on seasonality and lower product sales. But the decline in volume and mix should be partially offset by the cost-out benefits that we've already seen come through that we'll carryover, as well as additional cost benefits that will come through in the first quarter. And then beyond the first quarter, I'm feeling good about the margin accretion that we should see as volume recovers seasonally in the second quarter. And then with any back half recovery in activity. So, you’ve got all the restructuring efforts that have started to show benefits and you see that in the margin rate here in the fourth quarter. And you've got the incremental benefits that will be coming through as we continue to execute on the programs that we just announced. And if I think about the exit rate and how to think about the business performance here, assuming there is no unexpected change in product or geographic mix, Angie, we should be in the high-single-digits by fourth quarter with a shot at reaching double-digits depending on volume. And I think the team has shown that they've been executing and having some upside in these restructuring program. So I think that's a tailwind for how to think about OFS and feel good about the margin trajectory.
Brian Worrell: Yes. And Chase, specifically around services as it relates to LNG. I’d remind you that the overwhelming majority of LNG services are on these contractual services agreement. And that that revenue has pretty much played out as we expected it to play out this year. So the LNG service isn't really impacted as much by some of the shorter term and in year dynamics that you see in other parts of the portfolio. I will say though, longer term for LNG service and CSA's, as we're booking these new orders and things start to come online you will see more contractual service agreement come into the RPO and you did see RPO grow in the quarter. And that’s really on the back of CSA's and LNG. As I said, the overwhelming majority sign-up for these long-term service agreement. Taking a step back though, and looking at overall TPS services and how I think about getting back to the 2019 baseline. I give it a wide timeframe, maybe over the next two to three years. As I said, CSA revenue has been pretty resilient. And we've got good visibility, they are given the nature of those contracts and how we operate those. Transactional services should see some recovery as customers really stopped delaying maintenance activity and deciding when it normalizes back to 2019 levels is difficult, but we do expect some tailwinds this year based on what we're hearing from customers. And I'd say, Chase, that probably the most difficult bucket of revenue to predict is upgrades, which is truly discretionary in nature and is usually one of the first items that operators cut. So I'd say, if budget constraints remain in place, it could take upgrades a little while to get back to 2019 levels. Again, we are seeing customers talk about upgrades for various reasons, performance, better cost positioning, and then also some of the carbon capture areas that Lorenzo mentioned. So that’s why I'd say the visibility is a bit less clear in that area when I say about two to three years on getting back to 2019 levels.
Brian Worrell: Yes. And, hey, Chase, I’d just add one thing, there is some exciting developments starting out that we're seeing some opportunities to pull through our own offerings with the sale of C3 AI software. And I'd say the most promising opportunities near term are around condition-based monitoring solutions and with our M&D services for ESPs. So look, we see an opportunity to expand the value that we can provide our customer base by expanding our advisory service offerings alongside that C3 portfolio. So as we continue to work with the teams, we are, again, starting to see some of the opportunities play out that we were exploring when we made this investment. So we're in early stages here and I think long-term this is going to continue to be a great partnership.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Dave, I just add here to the Lorenzo point. Shell has publicly stated that they’re working with us with -- on our Lumen technology and we’ve got both Lumen Terrain which is continuous monitoring for methane emissions. And as Lorenzo mentioned, we’ve got Lumen Sky, which is aerial and drone base. So we can do fleet wide, we can drill down into particular asset, we can quantify leakage, identify where it’s actually occurring. And look, this is a much better technology than traditional ways for trying to determine if there are methane leaks, because they can be quite destructive and less accurate. And as you know, methane is around 80 times worse for the environment than carbon emissions. So this is an area that is important in the world. And we think we’ve got a great offering and do expect to see more uptick to that in the coming years.
Brian Worrell: Yes. Kurt, look, I'll start out here. I'd say, if you look at revenue today, depending on how you define energy transition. There's a lot in our portfolio that supports that. But things like carbon capture, hydrogen energy storage relatively small in terms of revenue base for each of the product companies. So look, the way I think about it is -- Lorenzo has talked about it, carbon capture is probably the first area where you'll start to see some meaningful revenue come through over the next few years. We are in pilot projects around the world. We've just made a technology acquisition in 3C. So lots of activities there. As we’ve talked about on earlier calls, we are in hydrogen today and have been in hydrogen for decades. Basically elementary uses for hydrogen in our compression technology. So we're starting to see discussions there with customers and same thing on the energy storage front. So, the way I think about it is, they will be some of the faster growing areas, particularly in turbo machinery and in digital solutions as we build out condition-based monitors and monitoring and sensing technology around that. So I think they will be -- they will be things that will make turbo machinery go fast -- grow faster because of these new offerings. So look, I think the piece that how it happens will really depend on market acceptance and the overall economics of these projects, but I'd say, in the short-term carbon capture is the best opportunity in the next one to three years.
Brian Worrell: Kurt, as I mentioned, I -- based on what I’m seeing today, I would expect it to be back at levels in line with 2018 and 2019. And if you recall, we were well in excess of covering our dividend in those year. So again, I think the process improvement, the way we’re running the business and the framework supports strong free cash flow in 2021.
Brian Worrell: And Marc, I'd say, specifically the technology acquisition that we just talked about earlier 3C, we believe that this is pioneering technology and it's currently the pilot stage. And it was incubated with some key partners, including Equinor and we believe that we can accelerate that technology and commercialize it. And look, we think the differentiation is important versus traditional carbon capture that Lorenzo had talked about. I mean our technology now uses rotating beds versus static columns, solvents are distributed in a compact and modularize format. And so that combination allows us to have a 75% reduction in footprint, leading to lower CapEx and lower OpEx solution. So again, our manufacturing know-how, our technology know-how with this new technology that was developed, I think is what's going to help us become a leader or continue to be a leader in this space. And combine that with our turbine machinery business and what we have to offer there with all the things that come in from Digital Solutions, we think we already have a very powerful offering in this space and can start to show some progress with our customers. And there is, obviously, as you would imagine, a lot of conversations in this area.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Sean. Overall, we think that the order outlook for 2021 and 2022 is roughly similar to what we booked in 2020. The mix could slightly change year-over-year. As you mentioned on the LNG side, we saw some good bookings in 2020 and we are seeing continued momentum in 2021 with, again, expecting three to four projects that will move towards FID in 2021. But also followed by a robust pipeline of LNG projects that continue to reach FID beyond 2021. So again, conversations with customers given that the current pricing have continued to be positive. And as you look at it from a demand perspective, we continue to believe LNG demand increases as we go forward. Outside of LNG equipment, the opportunity set for 2021 seems roughly the same as what we saw in 2020. There could be some mix movement between onshore/offshore and valves and other areas, but the opportunity is roughly the same. And as you said, we are seeing increased traction on CCUS as well as hydrogen and with the continuing theme of the energy transition, a lot of customer discussions. On services, we're optimistic about the outlook for 2021 and 2022 as customers resume their maintenance activity and also with the opportunity to continue to focus on upgrades of their equipment. So we think TPS services has been underappreciated in the decarbonization theme and there is potential there for increase in 2021, 2022. So, again, overall 2021, 2022 roughly similar to 2020.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, James. I think you've seen that on the industrial landscape, a number of companies are looking to commit to net zero and you've seen that propensity increase. And when you look at our portfolio, we've got an opportunity in that second pillar of invest for growth, really to aid them in decreasing their carbon footprint, helping them to decarbonize. So you look at areas of pulp and paper, you look at areas of cement, you look at food and beverage, also mining. That's where we are seeing an increased opportunity and it's very much in line with the strategy that we're executing to provide from the existing portfolio of industrial gas turbines, valves, pumps, as well as then condition monitoring and asset management. And that relationship also we have with C3 on the side of digital helps us. So, we are seeing increased intensity from the customer discussions and this is very much in line with the way in which we are transforming the company.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, James. And we've been involved in carbon capture for some time and you've seen some of the recent announcements where some of the LNG projects are looking to, again, mitigate some of the CO2 emissions. And we feel confident about the outlook for the market of CCUS and we're in dialogue with a number of customers. We're actually involved in over 20 trials at the moment. And that’s also one of the key reasons why we acquired in November 3C, Compact Carbon Capture, because we see the opportunity of the smaller footprint equipment being very useful there. As you look at it, the IEA already said that there's going to be an increased requirement of carbon capture and from 40 million tons today up to 750 million tons by 2030 and then also to 2.4 billion tons by 2050. So hard to give you a precise number, but clearly it's an important part of the portfolio as it continues to grow and we expect to see orders coming through in the next one to three years. And I would agree with you, it is the area that probably fast moves and then followed by hydrogen and others, but it's clearly something that customers are looking at already.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Angie. And as we mentioned, we expect activity levels to stabilize and remain relatively unchanged for the first half of 2021. We do expect an increase in the second half from a recovery in the activity across multiple regions. That framework obviously is based on our current thinking that there is no material impact from the virus ongoing and lockdowns or maintain to a minimum, which obviously would impact that framework if it changes. But looking at the geographies, we expect a solid recovery to continue in Latin America after depressed levels. Also some modest improvement in the North Sea and Russia. And also in the Middle East, a potential second half recovery as things start to improve there. On the offshore markets, similarly mixed, some improvement in areas like Brazil and Norway, but also, as we look at some stagnant areas in West Africa. So as we look at international, I think, we still expect that our international revenue will be down in the mid-to-single digit range on a year-over-year basis with an uplift in the second half. 2020, likely to be a stronger year just given the macro assumptions that we’re seeing. 2022 is — sorry.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Chase. I'll kick it off here. And just give you a view of the LNG outlook. And we mentioned that, again, we were pleased with the resilience that we saw in 2020. And again, we continue to see that the demand for LNG increases, in particular, in Asia and also if you see coal to gas continuing to shift. And as we look at this year, again, we see three to four projects moving towards FID. And the current discussions with customers are ongoing. And as we look at beyond 2021, again, we see a number of projects solidifying going out. As you look at it from a longer-term perspective, by 2030 we still need to have capacity of approximately 650 to 700 million tons of LNG in place. And so you're looking at 50 tons to 100 million tons FID over the course of next three to four years. So we feel that that trajectory is very much in place and feel good about our opportunities in this space continuing.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Very pleased with where we are on the C3 relationship, and I think it’s really just over a year that we've entered into this partnership. Put aside the IPO, because this is really a strategic relationship and partnership that we have for an increasing theme of providing artificial intelligence to our customer base across the energy landscape. We are seeing a number of applications that we’ve put onto the marketplace. You've seen the awards that have happened in Asia as well as Latin America. And the drive for our productivity, the drive for reducing non-productive time really aids the element of introducing artificial intelligence and the platform that C3 has in place. So we’re continuing to see good traction with our customer base and we think that will continue with the drive towards reducing unplanned downtime. Internally, we're taking the artificial intelligence and utilizing it within our process improvements of inventory, some of our internal processes, as well as then also on our manufacturing base. Looking at our own equipment, and increasingly also looking at some of the services that we provide to our customers as we look at –with drilling et cetera and seeing how we take the different information and anticipate, again, excretions that are taking place in some of the services we provide. So this is an opportunity that continues to grow very committed to the partnership. I'm happy with how it’s proceeding.
Lorenzo Simonelli: David, look, we like our positioning on the production and chemical side. And as you say from the artificial lift side, again, oil demand improves, we feel good about our ESPs, we feel good about the technology we have in place and we will continue to grow that product line. On the chemical side, yes, we’ve actually announced investments both in Asia and Singapore and also in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia and we see the opportunity of chemicals continuing to increase, especially as you look at enhanced oil recovery, but also an opportunity to go further into the downstream with our chemicals business as well. So both of those areas are, as you look at growth trajectory, we feel good about the prospects going forward.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Dave we are seeing increased traction from the customer base, and irrespective of the administration, just the whole aspect of emissions management and people focusing on the emissions. You saw it happen earlier also during the Obama administration, now with the conversations with our customers we've got the technology in place. It'll be drone-base, we got the Senses [ph], Newmen. So again conversations are increasing with our customers, and it’s both a point solution as well as a service that we can provide. So, we see an opportunity as we look at energy transition to really help our customers decrease their emissions.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Kurt, if you look at it, and again, just look at what’s happening around the world. You’ve got all of these countries that are now committing to net zero; you've got companies that are committing to net zero and even negative net zero. And again to put a precise number on it, it's difficult at this stage. But when you look at the portfolio we have, when you look at the hydrogen discussions we're having as well as CCUS, this will be an area of growth for us and it's very much in line with our strategy. So in the investor growth as well as the new frontiers. And that's why you're seeing us take some of the smaller technology bets that we've taken and we'll continue to do that. But I feel very good that we're at a pivotal point in time where this energy transition and also the move towards these new technologies will continue to accelerate.
Lorenzo Simonelli: So Marc, maybe just take a step back, as carbon capture has been taking place already and we are involved, as you mentioned from the compression standpoint, there is projects in Australia, projects in the Middle East where we're active. And as we go-forward, we see ourselves playing in some of the key areas of post-combustion capture, consulting and reservoir evaluation and design the compression, but also the subsurface storage services like well construction, reservoir modeling and longtime integrity and monitoring. If you look at our portfolio, those are capabilities that we have. So, really it's more than just compression. But again, this is something that over the course of next two to three years, we continue to see expanding. We mentioned we're in 20 trials already and we're seeing increased interest from our customer base on CCUS.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Look, as I said, we've got really good visibility into how that portfolio performs and the devil is always in the details, Marc, in terms of when outage is actually happened and when these major event happens. And it really depends on how that equipment is operating, the environment that it's operating within and the type of gas. And the whole attractiveness of the CSA portfolio is pretty known cash flows for customers and kind of a known view of our cash flows as well. So based on what we’re seeing right now in terms of working with customers and the particular machines and the outages, that’s what we’re basing that view on. There is always room for things to move around sort of plus or minus six months. So it could be an area where we could potentially see some upside come through. But right now based on what I’m seeing, I feel confident with what we said in terms of how we view that space in 2021.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Jack, again, if you go back to what we're seeing happen around the world. A lot of industries are focused on reducing emissions and also net zero goals. So as you look at cement industry, you look at pulp and paper, you look at food and beverage, light industrial. These are all areas where energy is consumed today and the emissions are actually produced. And we've got capabilities within our portfolio to actually help them on their decarbonization journey, emissions management. When you look at our Digital Solutions, as well as our TPS portfolio, you’ve got industrial gas turbines which we introduced, you got valves, you’ve got pumps, you’ve got condition monitoring. So it’s really an adjacency associated with invest for growth, where commercially we can go out and help our customers in the industrial sector continue to meet their goals and ambitions around net zero. So we feel that it’s an opportunity for us and part of our strategic aspect of working across the energy value chain and a number of customers, you’ve seen us before announce within pulp and paper, these conversations are increasing and we see an opportunity on that industrial space.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Jack. Look, we've got a lot of the know-how and what we need to do to win in-house today. And for instance in asset management we’ve been doing Asset Management for decades. So the jump over to other industries is not a far reach. Saying that though, you have seen us make some investments, some relatively small investments like C3 and 3C, those types of investments are ones that I think are quite attractive. Its good technology, it integrates nicely in with the portfolio, add some capabilities that we think augment what we already have in-house. So from my perspective, those are the things that tend to be on the radar screen right now. I don’t see a need for any large-scale acquisition at the moment. And we’ll continue to work those opportunities for those small tuck-in technologies and keep you guys posted if anything changes. But that’s kind of where our head is today and the types of things that we’re seeing that we like right now.
