Kimberly A. Ross: Yeah. Thanks, Jud. So clearly we did have some cost savings in the quarter, that both from the initiatives that we did in Q2 as well as in Q3. And as we said, now on an annualized basis, we do expect to get $650 million, of which $$600 million is now done. With that said, there were some Q2 to Q3 items. Recall that in Q2 we had about $166 million of bad debt that didn't reoccur this quarter. Also, we had valuation allowances on indirect taxes last quarter of about $45 million. And in this quarter, we also recognized some non-reoccurring benefits, which were a bunch of small items largely related to some of the initiatives that we had with regards to cost reductions. And then also we had provisions for excess inventories that don't repeat this quarter. Then if we think of the Q4, I think there are a couple of things to recognize. First of all, again, we said that we have about $20 million more of savings that we expect in quarter four. Obviously, the $45 million of one-offs this quarter will not repeat next quarter. And then a lot depends on activity, and keeping in mind that in Q4 last year we saw some pullback during the holiday season, and so that could repeat this quarter again. And also, we don't expect to have a significant peak in direct sales in Q4, which historically has been a quarter when there are quite a bit of direct sales coming through.
Kimberly A. Ross: Yes. I'm not going to give color at this point in time on 2017. But again, when you talk about baseline, keep in mind that we did have that $45 million this quarter that we don't expect to reoccur. With regards to additional cost savings, so we're continuing to identify areas. I've talked in the past about opportunities around manufacturing cost savings. There are things like continuing to negotiate with our suppliers. We're also evaluating what and where we manufacture things, whether it's internally, externally, we're looking at that. We're looking at processes to reduce costs in our products and also to bring our products to market faster. We're looking at logistics and distribution, and we started already some of those initiatives and they will continue into 2017. But at this point in time, we're not giving a specific number. As I've said, we've increased the cost savings target for this year on a run rate basis to $650 million and we'll continue to look for more opportunities.
Kimberly A. Ross: So, Sean, this is Kimberly. Obviously, the idea here is to have a better return on our capital at the end of the day, right. So it's less about how much we spend and more about what kind of returns we get on capital. And obviously, there are different components to the capital. Clearly, well as we start seeing increase in activity, then there will be money that will be spent on tools and those type of things. And additionally, we'll be looking at will there be some capital that we'll need to put into play with regards to redesigning our footprint around supply chain. And so there might be some other initiatives like that, that we'll have where we'll spend some CapEx. So again, we haven't given the color for 2017 at this point. Very clearly right now, I want to make sure everyone realizes, not that we're starving the business from CapEx by any means. It's very much about what kind of returns are we getting. And obviously, there's been a decline in the overall activity, therefore less requirement for CapEx. But with that said, not having the investments in rolling stocks and large facilities and other things for North America pressure pumping will obviously take some of the capital intensity away.
Kimberly A. Ross: I was just going to say, but also keep in mind the $45 million of non-reoccurring benefits that we had this quarter.
Kimberly A. Ross: So, and if it's helpful later on, you can get offline with Alondra if you really want to get into the details. But if you're looking at it right now, it's $269 million was your starting point. You've got $45 million of non-reoccurring items, takes you to $224 million. Then if you take $20 million of the cost savings, so then you end up at $244 million, right, if you're doing math.
Kimberly A. Ross: And then of course you need to take in account what happens with activity in Q4, which that's obviously not something that we'd know the answer to yet.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, a lot of that goes, James, to the selection of the individual player. I think one of the advantages that we have is being the first mover in this space in a strong, purposeful way. So, selecting the right player, having the agreements pretty tight and papered up well.
Martin S. Craighead: But you know, there's another element here. These are long-term, enduring relationships. They could be measured in decades. And some of these markets that I said in my prepared comments are markets that we don't even exist in.
Martin S. Craighead: Okay. And the risk of, let's say, annoying us with some kind of violation of an agreement, when we have the technology pipeline that we have, we have the spare parts, platform, I mean, it's always – it's a risk, but it's a very I think manageable risk, James.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, the fact that we're going to keep a meaningful participation kind of takes the timing risk out of the transaction.
Martin S. Craighead: And as you've said and as we've said multiple times, having someone else manage it, run it, invest in it, we'll keep a relationship. But since that business has moved to the form that it is, which is really water and sand, it's become a horsepower and logistics game. So our strategy has not wavered one bit, and as I said in the remarks, we're moving through the process. We like where we are, and hopefully we'll bring this to conclusion within the next few months.
Martin S. Craighead: Sure, Byron. Good morning. I'll tell you, by far the competitive advantage as well as the secular change in the market with regards to longer laterals lines itself up very well to a proportional steering rotary steerable, which is the AutoTrak Curve. We're the only one with that. And being able to drill a gauge hole the entire through the curve, through the lateral, avoid all the micro doglegs that the competitor tools create, as these completions get longer and you got to get your pipe to bottom, I mean the market is rapidly steering itself right into our drilling bailiwick, if you will. You couple that bottom hole assembly with the drill bit in terms of maximizing steerability and durability, I mean it's a beautiful thing to watch. You move to the production side and a big part of our business in North America is the production portfolio, and as we migrate less and less from the pressure pumping, it's only going to become more. And the artificial lift, I think is kind of a hidden gold mine. We continue to innovate in that space. I don't think our customers are paying attention to their electric bill as much as they should be. I think that's going to be another opportunity where technology is going to make a difference for our customers' lifting cost. So if I had to frame it up, it's first and foremost drilling technology followed by the artificial lift, and then as you've heard me say over and over, Byron, we've discussed the great thing about North American production is that as wells get older, it's like people getting older, they need drugs. These wells need chemicals, and just as I highlighted in the oil sands, our chemical expertise and our folks in that area are constantly innovating for some new flow assurance and items. So I'd stack it up in that category.
Martin S. Craighead: That's exactly right. No, an overarching theme that we kind of coined back when we came out of in May, was that we're going to be a capital-light organization. I mean return on capital is going to drive our mindset in our investment decisions, who we work for and where we work. So yes, that's what we like about our core businesses.
Martin S. Craighead: That's a good question, Sean, and I think we were disproportionately hurt in the Gulf of Mexico, disproportionately helped on a share basis in West Africa, just given the customers that we work for. Our drilling share in West Africa now is probably 50%. It is that way. It has been consistently in the Gulf. We're not down, I'm not down on deepwater or offshore. It's just going through a transition. Our customers are battling their balance sheets trying to get the cost in line. We still have a very positive view on a dollar per barrel recovery cost. It makes all the sense in the world, but at these commodity prices, I think my customers in West Africa need about $65. I think it's probably about $55 in the North Sea, and I think it's about the same in the Gulf. And until we see that, as we've said before, you just have to have some period of stability for them to come back. The nice thing about that market, as you know, is the focus on technology, reliability, quality. That's right up our alley, so we're participating in managing our costs until that starts to recover.
Martin S. Craighead: I think it's, look, as we've said all along, Bill, and I appreciate your question, but breaking out the Gulf isn't something that I want to do. In terms of searching for a proxy as it relates to Baker Hughes North America, it's a challenge for you guys because you've got North America that's, sorry, pressure pumping, which will be separated in some capacity. We have an increasingly strong mix in the production portfolio, which doesn't tie to the rig count as directly. And then you have a fireball with regards to this drilling technology and the growing lateral lengths, which is really polarizing a market in separating guys who can only offer motors and to the guys who can offer rotary steerable tools. So, I think I can't give you the proxy as to some kind of indication out there of how you would model our North American revenue. It's been our intention, Bill, I can tell you, to continue to make this company focus on what it does best, which in many regards is going to make us increasingly more unique than our peers. And another threat of all this will be, as I said, the new channels that are even will participate in North America, like we did on our drilling fluids and what that means to revenues versus accretive margins. So I'll leave it to you experts to figure out what that proxy is. But that's the best color I can give you right now.
Martin S. Craighead: No I don't. I think that our customers, particularly our IOCs, are still struggling with cash flow issues. We have a significant operator there that told us recently the word from headquarters is you're going to deploy your capital to some better opportunities, one international and one on land. And if you look at the 17 rigs or whatever drilling rigs that are out there today, I think 10 at most have a contract to go beyond Q2, the MODUs. Beyond Q2, I've got six or seven rigs that I don't have visibility to. So I don't see the Gulf of Mexico getting better until probably mid-2017.
Martin S. Craighead: That's a great question. I think just one, you're going to have to wait until we see the market settle out a bit more, we see our business settle out a bit more. Don't forget, six months ago we were in a very different state. We've moved extremely fast, fixed a lot of things. We have more to do. Kimberly highlighted some of the manufacturing strategy. I'm not prepared yet to put a number out there as to a normalized rate, but we feel we got a lot of smiles on our faces on this side of the fence. We feel really good about where our business is going. I'm just going to leave it at that right now, Scott.
Martin S. Craighead: Tell me what oil prices are and gas prices. And look, I'm not trying to avoid your question. I think as we get further through this process in our business and we get our portfolio where we want it to be – we still have some moving pieces. We still have putting some meat on the bones with regards to our new channels. When we have that all sorted out, I think we'll be prepared to put some numbers out there for you.
Martin S. Craighead: You know, that's a good question, Dan. And we're about sold out as well. As to a pull-along, there's not as much of that going on in North America. Very, very few. Very, very few , I wouldn't even call them bids, transactional activity is in any kind of combined state. But given the performance of our systems and the leverage that we have, and particularly as it starts to tighten up, I think you'll see more and more around completions are being pulled through. But we remain very focused on execution and I think our share position is going to just continue to grow, one, because of performance and two, which I think is a bit lost on the marketplace, is where these wells are going and you cannot drill them with a motor. Your torque and drag will just tear you up. And we have the only rotary steerable that has the ability to gently push off versus an on/off type of switch which creates a pretty tortuous well path, which is no big deal if you've got a 10,000-foot lateral, but as we approach 20,000-foot laterals, you've got to have really a smooth environment. So yeah, I think we will be pulling through more services as this market evolves.
Martin S. Craighead: Well, I think it's a very – and you're right, Jim, we've been in this a long time. And I think it's a little different. North America's activity bump is because a significant amount of the deflation that's come off of our backs and our competitors' backs. That isn't going to be there forever. And as we're just talking to Dan around some of the technology, we're getting tapped out in North America. And so that's a response in the market that's because of our costs coming down. So it's not that the fundamentals of I think our customer community being able to really make money at $50 oil. It's because we're giving up too much of the economic rent. And that's going to go away eventually. Internationally, I hate to say this, Jim. If we don't see $55 oil in the North Sea, it's not coming back. And I think we need $65 in West Africa. Russia is staying steady, I think for reasons that is really around production level mandates versus pure economics. Parts of the Caspian and so forth are flat to trending down. Now Middle East definitely continues to be a bright spot. And it gets back to low cost producer wins in this market, so substantial I think. I don't think I'm exaggerating when I say substantial opportunity in Kuwait, Saudi, the United Arab Emirates and so forth. Oman. But besides that, if we don't get a lift in oil prices that's durable beyond just a few days or weeks, I don't see the rest of the world coming back in any meaningful way.
Martin S. Craighead: Year-on-year, we picked up over 100 drilling rigs in Russia. Obviously, our state of play last year was a bit bobbled and cumbersome given the situation we were in. So they've hit the market hard, and the customers have responded. Again, technology's playing a role. In terms of overall size, I envision that we'll have a very large business in Russia. But it will be somewhat of a hybrid. There'll be leveraging the local content initiatives that are taking place. And again, the trade secrets and the model that we'll have around these new channels will facilitate that growth. On the other hand, in parts of Western Siberia the technology demands are still high and that goes to the fact that, as I said, we've picked up 100 drilling rigs in Russia just in the last eight months. So I don't want to quantify it for you at this stage, but it's going to be a bigger part of our Eastern Hemisphere business, I'm pretty confident of.
Martin S. Craighead: Thanks, Abigail. So let me thank all of you for joining us and let me wrap up with three points. First, there continue to be some challenging conditions and volatility and uncertainty remain, but there is some growing optimism that the conditions needed for a sustained recovery are closer at hand than they seemed to be just a few months ago. The strong progress that we made on all three components of our plan I want to remind you of, from costs and controls to commercial strategy and capital structure. And finally, we achieved stronger performance in the third quarter largely due to accelerated execution on cost reductions and efforts to fortify our core business and top line results. This is aligned with our focus to achieve profitable growth and improve returns on capital for Baker Hughes. Again, I want to thank you all for joining us and have a good rest of your day.
