Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Nancy. I would also like to welcome Chase to Baker Hughes and wish Jud well in his new role. Turning to slide 19, Baker Hughes remains committed to delivering for our customers and our shareholders. We see exciting growth opportunities across our portfolio, as well as opportunities to drive higher margins and returns through the simplification and optimization of our organizational structure. Through these initiatives, our goal is to exceed the 20% EBITDA margin targets in OFSE and IET, as well as the ROIC targets in both businesses of 15% and 20% respectively. And finally, we continue to focus on generating strong free cash flow and returning 60% to 80% of this free cash flow to shareholders, while also investing for growth across our world class business. With that, I will turn the call back over to Jud.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, sure, James. And as you correctly stated, we did raise the guidance from an IET order perspective this quarter by $1 billion. And if you look at what we've consistently said this year, we've seen a large pipeline of opportunities for IET. And that's been robust and the visibility is improving both for this year and also the next few years. So whereas at the start of the year, we had some conservatism based on project timing that can move around. We've now seen that solidify. And as we see the year play out, we see higher opportunities across several areas. And let's start off with LNG, which obviously we were announcing some FID activity in the quarter, but also continue to see a number of projects that can come to FID through the rest of this year, but also going into next year as well. And I was just up at Vancouver with LNG 2023, and I can say that the customer discussions are very robust and there's a clear understanding that natural gas and LNG is going to play a key role as a base load for the energy mix going forward. But also on the offshore/onshore production and we've seen strength in the offshore activity. You've seen some of the announcements there on the FPSO sites, and then on the new energy orders, and we've already met our full-year guidance in the second quarter. We're starting to see some opportunities in the back half as well. So overall confident not only on the order momentum for this year, but also going into 2024.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. I'm very pleased with the way in which we're progressing on the new energies and you know, we booked about $150 million of new energy orders in 2Q bringing the first-half as you said correctly above the $400 million target. And as we look at the rest of the year, we think we could be at $600 million to $700 million of new energy orders. And predominantly, it's around the attributes of CCUS projects and also hydrogen. And what I'm pleased about is that it’s really taking the whole portfolio of capabilities we have existing today in Baker Hughes. You all have seen that we announced the combined cycle technology. We also announced ammonia, blue ammonia that's gaining traction. And also on the subsurface side with our oilfield services equipment and being able complete a study there. So it's great to see the continued momentum utilizing existing Baker Technology, as we continue to invest in the future technology as well. And I just think it speaks to the portfolio that we have.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Arun. And look, definitely, as you look at ‘24 and ‘25, we know we've had a strong ‘23 and ‘23 is going to be as strong as ‘22. Just as you look at the updated guidance as well by increasing $1 billion to the $11.5 billion to $12.5 billion. And we don't see a material decrease in ‘24 or in ‘25. I look at the LNG FID outlook, the offshore outlook, and the growing opportunities in New Energy. And we think that orders could remain near the updated 2023 guide for the next couple of years. LNG in particular is showing strength and look, I think we remain positive on the near-term, but the long-term prospects. What I've seen happen is definitely an appreciation for natural gas going to be a clear aspect of the energy mix. We've always said it's a transition and destination fuel and the best way obviously to transport the natural gas is either through pipeline or through LNG. And we've seen a number of opportunities internationally start to solidify for also ’25 and ‘26. And that's what I'm focused on at the moment is continuing to build that good pipeline. And I think we're in for a good couple of years.
Lorenzo Simonelli: And Marc, I would just say we've always communicated that this is a multiyear journey, which has various aspects to it. And obviously, through the time that we've created Baker Hughes, we've been through a lot, and now we're really simplifying the business. And given the separation activities that have now stopped, it's really an opportunity for us to rationalize across the -- and optimize.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. Just, Marc, I think when you referenced the 150 basis points to 200 basis points, that's specific to our SSPS business, and that's a component of what we're seeing in oilfield services and equipment.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Scott. In terms of pricing, I'll break it down. The environment in North America has leveled off, and we're hearing some of the customers requesting discounts, particularly in the more commoditized markets like pressure pumping. However, we continue to expect pricing for our technology in North America to hold up in this environment, and we remain firm on pricing. Internationally, we're continuing to see good traction given the strong activity levels and tightness in the market from a supply chain standpoint. That being said, it will take some time for it to flow through from an earnings standpoint and given the longer-term nature of the contract structures in the international markets. But again, still feeling we're in a constructive outlook.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, for sure. And as you said correctly, offshore continues to be strong. And if you look at it from a tree count perspective, obviously, there's been over 200 tree awards and the market is on track to exceed 300 for the second consecutive year. In fact, we believe that offshore is entering a period of sustained higher activity which could support those tree awards in excess of 300 trees for the next two to three years. We're encouraged. We are also very pleased with the way in which we've taken on our business and restructured it and recentered it around certain key regions and also key customers. You've seen the recent awards of Belen, Agogo in West Africa. So we're going to participate in the markets like Eastern Mediterranean, Middle East, and Southeast Asia, which are getting a lot of traction. So I agree with you. We remain confident on the outlook for the second half of the year and also into 2024. And we're monitoring a number of potential awards to further increase our backlog.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes. So it takes, Dave, a number of factors into account. First of all, there's project timing on the LNG side, and we still feel that there's the opportunity for some LNG projects to come in there. So that is a component of the $1 billion extra. But also on the offshore side, we're seeing strength in the marketplace and the activity there. And then you've got the obvious increase in the new energy. So you put those three together, and that really accumulates. And I'd say the last area is on the industrial side, we are seeing continued momentum come through as there's a pickup there in the industrial tech.
Lorenzo Simonelli: It's really the work that the team has been doing in concentrating on the customer activity and also the service performance, and we've been reaping the rewards through incremental business with our customers. So in line with the strategy that we had and also good execution by the team.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Sure. And look, I think you've seen the number of projects that are out there. And when you think about both internationally and also within the U.S., you've got a number of brownfield opportunities you've seen the announcement by Cheniere looking to do an expansion. As you look at ‘24 and ‘25, you've got a number of extensions on brownfield projects activities and coming out of the LNG 2023 meetings last week in Vancouver, a lot of dialogue on the continued need for LNG. And we stay very much with the view that we're going to need in excess of 800 MTPA by 2030. And given some of the environment and situation in the marketplace, we're seeing that pull forward with these FIDs coming in sooner. So it's really a multiyear cycle where we see consistency in LNG FIDs. And you know the projects as well as I do. You've got opportunities from Cameron to Port Arthur to different elements of Commonwealth. You've got Tellurian, you've got a number of projects out there that are imminently looking at FIDs as we go forward.
Nancy Buese: Yes. And thanks for the question. I mean, we've really started giving guidance at the beginning of 2023. And our goal has been to give you a range for the quarter and for the year and give you the factors that could impact that to the plus or to the minus of the midpoint. So we're going to keep doing that. And our line of sight for Q3 is based on what we see ahead of us on both sides. I would say on IET, Gastech Services has performed well. Industrial Tech has exceeded our expectations. But also Gastech revenue has -- equipment revenue has come in lower as backlog conversion has been a little slower. So our guidance for Q3 reflects where we'll head with that. And then also, we've mentioned that our R&D spend for IET is a little bit heavier in the back half of the year. So you see that come through in Q3. And then on the OFSE side, I would say international is tracking better than forecast. FSPS has performed well. But in Q3, we're really starting to watch North America and whether that weakens and just watching that, although we have seen good offsets from the international side. So those are some of the factors we're looking at. But from a macro perspective for Q3 the guide is really around where we think we'll land given all those moving factors in the background.
Nancy Buese: Yes. Thanks very much, Marc. How I would describe it is we've been really pleased with the success of the program throughout the course of this year. We've gone through the initial round of cost actions, and it's a solid start towards really transforming our -- the core of our business. And so what we've done at this point is we've completed the actions in the first-half of the year that will create that $150 million of run rate savings that will all be in effect by the end of the year. There is more work to do, and I'll talk a little bit about some of the categories, but how I would think about it going forward is we have done a lot of cost out. We're also changing the way we work in terms of efficiencies. And so how we think the best way to continue to think about that is actually seeing it in the margins. So you'll see corporate costs over time start to come down and you'll just see that efficiency run through the margins. There will be some investments over time as we upgrade our systems. And so we want to try to make sure that the net savings are just coming through in the margin profile. But as we get deeper into the execution on ongoing phases, we will provide more of a time frame and when you'll see those and how you'll see those. But at high level, I would say there's three main focus areas for this next transformation section. The first is really optimizing our organizational design and structure. We've gone through the work of simplifying from four product companies to two segments, but we think there's much more to do. The second is in process improvement and just internalizing better efficiency, operational efficiency, changing some habits and behaviors to improve all of that. And then the third piece is really focused around upgrading our financial and operating systems. So lots of work ahead, but we are pleased with where we are today, and you will continue to see those coming through the margin profile.
Nancy Buese: Yes. I would say on the whole, for that part of the business, we do expect to see good incrementals. I think there's still a lot of macro conditions, so it's a little bit soon. But from a cost-out perspective and efficiency perspective, we are expecting certainly better incremental. So we'll continue to provide guidance as we go along, but that would be our expectation at this time.
Nancy Buese: I think it's a little hard to say at this point. I think it's a little bit early for us to seeing the macro backdrop, but we hope so. So we'll keep our eyes peeled for that.
Nancy Buese: Yes. I think I would simplify it to say there's really three things we're focused on. We're focused on revenue, which is obviously going quite well. We're really focused on EBITDA margins, and we've still got work to do there and we're focused on free cash flow and the conversion rate, which you are starting to see. So a lot of that also is centered around our working capital and our cycle. So we're really thinking about our billing and collection cycle, our inventory turns and management and all of the bits and pieces. So it starts with transparency of the reporting. So we've been working a lot on that front and then a lot of good discussion with our teams about where do we need to focus on sort of that relentless pursuit of operational excellence. So that's what you're really seeing come to roost. And there's still quite a lot for us to do. I think we can improve our systems, just the history of the company, created a lot of bits and pieces that weren't necessarily talking to each other as well as they could. And we've started to really focus on how to improve those systems, integrations, and interfaces to get information and data that our teams and leaders can use to manage more effectively. So lots of work ahead, but you are starting to see some of the benefits of a laser focus on some of those key metrics that really matter. And as we've said, you'll see that flow through the margins as we become more efficient over time.
