Chadwick Deaton: Well, I think everybody was sitting back trying to just watch this and see if it was real. You the general economy around the world, Kurt, that was in questions, so I think people were trying to watch which way that would go. I think it required a stimulus or something to kick it off. And I think, clearly, in this case, with Aramco announcing their increase followed very quickly by ADNOC in Abu Dhabi. And also, you've seen Brazil had been quite bullish for the last year. So I think that's what's been the stimulus behind us and kicked everything off.
Chadwick Deaton: I think by the end of this year, you'll see that. Last quarter, we talked about from an international standpoint, first there, we saw -- starting to get a little bit of tightness on some improvement on pricing was Russia. This quarter, we're starting to see it in the Middle East. We're starting to see a little bit of it in parts of Europe. So I think by the end of the year, services equipment, especially, is going to be tight and know people that will start getting some meaningful price improvement.
Chadwick Deaton: Well, as we said in the conference, we're going to be competitive in 2012. So I think we'll have room to improve on that midteens in 2012.
Chadwick Deaton: December 28, yes. I think a lot of that, Angie, is going to come on the first question from Kurt was on pricing, one where we start seeing some pricing movement. And we keep in mind, when we said the 15%, we want it -- that was our goal we're going to get to without a lot of price influence on that. So whatever we can get on price in Q3, Q4, will help us get there faster.
Chadwick Deaton: I think Q2 will be probably a little bit better than Q1, and we'll see our real benefit coming in Q3, Q4. And again, that comes based off in the volume side more than the price. So that's how we've got it plugged in.
Chadwick Deaton: No, no. We, in fact, we're kind of surprised we did as well as we did in the first quarter on the cost side. We did better that we thought, so I think we're pushing more up onto the 90-plus percent on the cost and that's really pushing the efficiency supply-chain and volume.
Chadwick Deaton: Well, first, keep in mind that these 13 rigs are permitted, not necessarily working. So a couple of them have gone back, but we still not seeing all of those permitted rigs to go back. And the second wave of permits that sit out there, an additional 11 permits. Now we're kind of plugging in to hopefully come in sometime Q3, Q4. So total, you've got 20 plus, 21 rigs plus or minus out there. I don't think all of them will be back to drilling by the end of this year just simply because I think there's still going to be some challenges out there and some other things coming. But I think Q2, we're going to see a better Q2 than we saw in Q1. And hopefully, Q3 and Q4 will be building quite rapidly. And with the tightness of equipment, not just us, everybody out there, then yes, I think you'll start seeing some very nice incrementals flowing through, especially on early 2012.
Chadwick Deaton: Well, a year ago, we closed it on the international side. And as Martin talked about, only 2 quarters ago, that we're able to close it on the U.S. side. And so I think you have to kind of -- although one may not be considered integrated ops, it definitely requires a lot of the combined services. So internationally, I think we're still doing -- we're doing better in some countries than others when it comes to integrated ops. Martin made a comment about a award in the Yamal Peninsula for a major Russian client that to me is probably one of the biggest single exploration wells I/O type package that I've ever seen being awarded, very complicated. And that was awarded to the entire group for us. You see what's happening in the Coil Tubing drilling project in Saudi Arabia, where we've got the BJ site in there, cementing and Coil Tubing, as well as all the Baker Hughes legacy equipment. We're seeing some good things down in Latin America and the Andean area, where we won several projects there. Martin talked about the project in Malaysia, where we won not only the reservoir evaluation study, but also all the services that are combined with that going forward. So I think we're gaining traction internationally on I/O and then domestically, where it's not really called I/O, again, I think the capital award up in the Marcellus, the other independent that was awarded, the independent down in Eagle Ford, I mean, these are total packages in covering everything from wireline to cementing to pumping, to Coil Tubing. And that was a little bit of combination of legacy Baker Hughes clients awarding the pressure pumping, and in a sense of pressure pumping BJ Legacy clients giving us the rest of the services. So I think we're just really starting to get into our stride.
Chadwick Deaton: Well, a lot of the OptiPort is more Canadian than it is lower 48. There's very little of that done in the lower 48. So I think it would be more a question of what could happen in Canada site. And as the IN-Tallic balls come on, clearly, once you get to the point where dissolving or decomposing the ball and eventually the inserts or the seats and taking those chokes out of there is a pretty efficient system.
Chadwick Deaton: Let's be patient here. These were -- there's a couple of nice wins, they were small, but it's a step in the right direction. As Martin said. It's going the right way. So I wouldn't count on Angola being a big 2011 play for us right now.
Chadwick Deaton: Well, I think you will see continued improvement in the Middle East. The Middle East came back strongly in the Q1. Asia had its challenges, which we've heard from everybody as reported before, regarding weather and everything. And wages probably a tougher pricing front right now than about anywhere internationally we have. I think Middle East is going to do well. I think we've turned the corner, knock on wood, in Africa, where we've taken it back from where it was hurting us on the negative side to contributing. I think Latin America in the second half will continue to improve. And then Europe will do better in the second half. So I think with the exception of Asia right now, everyone is going in the right direction. And Asia, by the end of the year, I think you'll see with the tightness of equipment and people and etc cetera you'll start seeing that improvement in Asia.
Chadwick Deaton: I think you're pretty close to that. There won't be a lot of incremental on the cost side to collect in the second quarter, correct.
Chadwick Deaton: No. We didn't have anything that was big on ramp up. I mean, I think what also probably helped us quite a bit we did have a lot of costs when we moved in the Coil Tubing drilling units into Saudi. These were 2 big investments to get in there, and that's done. They're up and running and doing extremely well right now and contributing. Iraq, we had some startup costs last year but a lot of what we're doing on Iraq is more on the workover, and we may have some things depending on awards coming forward, that will lower [ph] the debt, probably more of a Q3 event. So no, I don't think there was anything that was one-off. Martin, do you have...
Chadwick Deaton: The only area could be Russia on a couple I/O type projects we've been awarded. But I don't think they will be huge following.
Chadwick Deaton: I think there's a couple things there, Ole. One is weather clearly hurt us. We were just sold-out specially in the pressure pumping area. When it came back, we weren't able to make up that difference for the couple of weeks that we lost. So that was -- it was a big one. The other one is keep in mind, one of the things we said is we wanted to have leading margins through the cycle. And part of that will mean -- because of our -- we got a significant part of our North American revenue that does come from the production side, the ESPs and the chemicals. And those will never -- you'll never see the margin improvement because the rig count goes up quickly on those 2 areas. So -- but I think also you'll see U.S. land bounce back very nicely in Q2 with much stronger margins, which will put us more back in that hunt. If you break it out on D&E versus -- and pressure pumping versus production-type chemicals, ESPs, et cetera, our directional, our drilling, our logging, our pressure pumping margins, I think are as strong as anybody's so.
Chadwick Deaton: Well I think when you see the next point of leading through the cycle is when you see that -- eventually, if the rig count goes down or pressure pumping becomes very competitive and the chemical and ESP side of the business will stay very strong, and it will help us hold our margins better than perhaps some of the pure play pressure pumping companies and others.
Chadwick Deaton: Yes. I think it is a mix issue. I don't think it's a 1 quarter mix issue, I think it's a mix issue in the North American business.
Chadwick Deaton: No, not necessarily. I think Canadian also has a huge chemical ESP side of its business, with all the heavy oil and tar sands and other things up in the mining area.
Chadwick Deaton: Well, all in all, it's very small part of our business now, but I think you hit it on the head. In time, it's going to be a significant player. But I think you got to look at it by region. For instance, I think Eastern Europe is going to -- it will have some logistic issues and challenges in order to get its shale-type plays put together. It's going to take some time, quite a bit of time, I think, to develop that. Right now, it's mainly in clients trying to understand exactly what they have, do some drilling, some vertical drillings, some basic fracs and things to try to see what's there. China is probably going to be the area that takes off, with the Chinese demand and thirst for energy, and you know that they will not have a problem running pipelines across the country wherever else in order to transport this gas. We've been quite successful in China on our unconventionals. We recently by a major Chinese oil company there, we're awarded 2 big fields for their high-end technology support services, anything that has to do with things like premium FracPoint and so on in the horizontal drilling and the completions. If it becomes complicated, then we get called in. So we like our position in China. I think the other interesting area is Argentina, where there seems to be a lot of push right now. The other area still sits in the Middle East, where Saudi Aramco's got -- going to be looking at 6 different areas or 6 rigs to look at shale gas in the Kingdom. And I just got back from Oman meeting with the minister of petroleum there and they talked about their oil shale potential that they have, that they're looking at developing. So it's starting to take off internationally just like it did about 4 years ago for the gas side in the U.S. and now we're starting to see some of the oil interest international.
Chadwick Deaton: Our guide say they don't think that'll have of an impact until 2012. So we're not worried about it in 2011.
Chadwick Deaton: Yes. I think a couple come to mind. Abu Dhabi, Saudi, Russia did a little better than I think we were expecting for the quarter, revenue. What else? Martin do you think of any off the top of your head? The Eastern hemisphere, obviously, if you throw in Latin America, Brazil...
Chadwick Deaton: Yes. Central Europe was up. And I think. I just don't think we were hit as hard in Asia perhaps as some of the competitors in Australia, so that probably helped us.
Chadwick Deaton: Well, we haven't sold a lot of wireline equipment so for several years now. We stop that quite a while ago...
Chadwick Deaton: Yes, we've seen some price improvement in completions, especially in the premium-type FracPoint extended the reach on longer well completions. Billing services, directional and MWD and LWD have seen improvement. We've seen some in Drilling Fluids, a little bit in chemicals and ESPs and bits in the wireline side has basically been flat this last quarter. So we're seeing a trend in almost all the product lines seen a little improvement.
Chadwick Deaton: Yes. Bits, it's basically flat in Q1. We didn't see much price improvement in bits. And keep in mind, the shale drilling is not as good for the Bit business as perhaps some vertical or classic sands or other type areas. So you don't do as well on shales and bits as you do in other areas.
Chadwick Deaton: We saw some pricing in Q4 in drilling services. I think we're seeing a little bit -- in Q1, we were seeing some changes in Drilling Fluids and ESPs chemical side.
Chadwick Deaton: Well, I do, and I think in a couple of areas, we're going to have to have it. For instance, in chemicals, a lot of our feedstock and a lot of our raw materials on chemical side are hydrocarbon related. So some of our customers are also our suppliers. And they are not shy in terms of cranking up their price to us right now in the chemical side. So we're going to have to -- we've got some inflation happening out. We're going to have to pass on. But yes, I think we'll see some price improvement there.
Martin Craighead: Because of our kind of late start, Bill, I have to remind you that really, this management team got involved in a lot of the capital planning in the third quarter of last year, right? And so we came out of the block as fast as we could. Our suppliers are working very closely with us. Your estimate that they were around 40 every 6 weeks is about what we did in the first quarter. We are heavily low backloaded in the second half of this year, and we have full expectation that we'll deliver what we budgeted. But we are backloaded in the second half because of late start. And in terms of pricing, we still see price improvement for incremental placement of equipment. And certainly, we would prefer to have a lot more coming out than we do. But it is what it is on the supply chain, and we just don't see any degrading of the price at this stage.
Martin Craighead: Well, that's a good question, and I expected that. We're not where we want to be. And again, it's a capacity-constrained. It's a opportunity-rich. Several of our bases are running 24 hours, but not very many. And it's really a question of staffing at this stage. We're ramping up as quickly as we can, the market opportunities there, the customers are willing, but we're probably -- I don't know, maybe 10% to 20% of our fleet is able to accomplish that at this stage.
Martin Craighead: Well, I think, yes. I think that's a reality is that there is wage inflation. But we're -- as we said later we're able to get that back in the pricing. It's really the attraction of the talent. And we're all out there hiring as vigorously as we can, Michael. But yes, it's staffing these and staffing them right, that's the challenge. And we're all faced with it.
Martin Craighead: Well, it depends on the individual, of course. On the engineering front, it could be pushing close to 9 months to a year. And then on the, let's say, the more conventional labor, it's probably 60 days.
Martin Craighead: Yes, Steven. On the supply chain, it gets back to the whole reorganization that we triggered 2 years ago next month. We wouldn't have the capability to do any of what we're doing on the supply-chain had we not made that reorganization. And yet, this is probably not the market environment you want to be rewiring your entire supply chain in terms of the buoyancy we see in the market. But we are in a state of flux. And I'm real happy with the job that our people are doing out there on the manufacturing front, the logistics front, the sourcing front to keep us where we are. And your comment about this thing being more backloaded in the second half and into '12 is right. But we're on schedule on the supply-chain side. And in terms of your comment about were we surprised, I'll follow-up on Chad. No. I mean, this is why we pulled the trigger 2 years ago was to get closer to our customer, to have an integrated approach in solving their problems. And we told you -- told everybody at the Analyst Conference that the reorganization is done, and we're executing on what we've committed to. So this is what we expected to make happen. And We still see a lot more coming.
Martin Craighead: Ole, I'd say to your comment on Latin America, Mexico was a real problem for us in the latter part of last year and stabilizing that patient helped a lot this quarter.
Martin Craighead: None come to mind. But this business, given the scale and the scope of where all the places we are, it's possible. But I honestly, nothing comes to mind at this stage.
Martin Craighead: Hey, Doug, this is Martin. Let me just follow-up on Chad's comment about infrastructure. Recently we were in discussion with the pretty big operator in Argentina. And to spec out of a job, so it ever occurs say of which typically in Eagle Ford, it would've taken all of our horsepower and our 2 big competitors on the location together. And that's the limitation that's out there on some of this frac capacity. So the opportunities there, but I think we're talking years of evolution for it to get meaningful.
Martin Craighead: Well, I think every number is important, right? Every dollar we make. Is it going to show up? You bet. But is it going to become something that's, again, like North America? No, not for a couple of years. I don't think.
