Peter Ragauss: Thanks, Adam. Good morning. And before I get started, let me just take a moment to say a big thank you to Gary Flaharty. For more than 14 years, Gary had skillfully shared the Baker Hughes' story with the investor and analyst community, having prepared an excess of 56 earnings news releases. So on behalf of the entire Baker Hughes organization, we thank Gary for his service and wish him much success in his new role here at Baker Hughes. Thanks a lot, Gary.
Peter Ragauss: Switching gears to the financials. This morning, we reported net income of $408 million, or $0.93 per share. This excludes the Libya charge of $70 million, which would be $0.16 per share before and after-tax. This charge is associated with increasing reserves for doubtful accounts, inventory and certain other assets as a result of ongoing events in Libya.  Including these expenses, on a GAAP basis, net income attributable to Baker Hughes for the second quarter 2011 was $338 million, or $0.77 per diluted share. Revenue was $4.74 billion, up 41%, or up $1.37 billion compared to a year ago and up 5%, or $216 million, sequentially.  Adjusted EBITDA was $1.02 billion, up 85%, or $469 million compared to a year ago and up 7%, or $63 million, from last quarter. To help your understanding on moving pieces, I'll bridge Q2 last year EPS to Q2 '11 EPS. GAAP EPS a year ago was $0.23 per share; add $0.13 for acquisition-related expenses in Q2 last year; add $0.02 for the impact of the lower tax rate this quarter, offset by a higher share count; expect $0.05 for higher corporate cost and net interest expense.  Operations and one extra month of BJ services this quarter compared to a year ago added $0.60, which brings us to $0.93 per share. Last check, $0.16 for the Libya charge. That brings us to $0.77 per share on a GAAP basis. Bridging these sequential quarters, GAAP EPS for last quarter was $0.87 per share. First, subtract $0.02 per share for the combination of a higher relative tax rate, higher share count, higher interest and lower corporate expenses this quarter. Operations added $0.08 per share, including the impact of the seasonal breakup in Canada. Last, the impact of Libya was $0.16 per share, which gets us to $0.77 per share this quarter. In Table 3 of our earnings release, we provide financial information on a pro forma combined basis with revenue and profit before tax with BJ services included into the prior period's results to allow meaningful comparisons between quarters. It also excludes the impact of the $70 million Libya charge.  From this point on, in the conference call, any comments on revenue, operating profit and operating profit margin refer explicitly to Table 3. Revenue in North America was $2.37 billion, up 37% compared to a year ago and up 1% sequentially. North America operating profits were $440 million, up $217 million year-over-year and down $20 million sequentially. North America margins were 18.6% compared to 13% a year ago and 20% last quarter.  As we said during the prior call, the seasonal impact of the Canada breakup in Q2 to North America results would be significant. However, Canada has already started its recovery in Q3, supported by the rig count which stands at 376 rigs as of Friday compared to an average of 187 rigs in Q2 and 587 rigs in Q1.  In the Gulf of Mexico, we've incurred some mobilization and regulatory compliance costs, gearing up for the work we have been awarded for Q3 and Q4. Moving to the International side. International revenue was $2.05 billion, up 16% compared to a year ago and up 8% compared to the prior quarter. Operating profits were $276 million, up $157 million year-on-year and up $43 million from the prior quarter.  International margins were 13.5%, up 123 basis points sequentially and up 675 basis points year-over-year, as we continue to progress towards our international operating margin target. Our Industrial Services and Other segment revenue was $324 million, up 31% compared to last year and up 20% compared to last quarter. Operating profit was $34 million, up $14 million compared to a year ago and up $20 million sequentially as the segment recovered from a seasonally weak Q1 as we expected. Operating margin was 11%, up from 5% last quarter. Turning to the balance sheet. At quarter end, our total debt was $3.6 billion, down $233 million from the prior quarter, reflecting the repayment of $250 million of maturing BJ Services notes in June. Our total debt to capital ratio was 19%, and our capital expenditures were $594 million this quarter. At the end of the quarter, we had $937 million of cash and short-term investments. We also had $1.7 billion undrawn and available under our committed credit facilities. And finally, I will provide you with our updated outlook for the balance of 2011. We now plan interest expense between $210 million and $215 million for 2011; corporate costs now approximately at $270 million; depreciation and amortization expense is now approximately $1.37 billion, expected to be, I should say; annual capital expenditures at $2.3 billion to $2.7 billion, which is unchanged; and our tax rate, unchanged between 34% and 36%, excluding the impact of the Libya charge. The biggest factor impacting Q3 performance will be the partial seasonal recovery in Canada, but don't expect a full rebound to Q1 levels.  I'll now turn the call over to Martin.
Peter Ragauss: Well, we had pretty strong incrementals in U.S. land in Q1 to Q2, which are sort of 40%, 50% range. And revenue growth, you can -- similar to the peers. So U.S. Land, we're all doing pretty well.
Chadwick Deaton: No, James. I didn't mean to not sound positive on pricing because we are starting to see movement. We saw a little bit of movement in the second quarter. Some of it -- I mean, this obviously is market-by-market, region-by-region and business-by-business. But we saw a little bit in the second quarter. We submitted quite a bit of price increases. Some has been awarded, some we were declined on, and some will not kick in till probably Q3, Q4 and into early 2012. The momentum is definitely building. There's no doubt about it. Stronger in some markets than others, but I don't want to sound negative on pricing because it is building.
Chadwick Deaton: Well, I don't want to give details because it's our specific markets, which I'm sure they wouldn't want to tell us where they're increasing pricing either. But we're seeing a little bit in the Far East. We saw some in a couple geomarkets in Latin America, and we see a little bit in the Middle East. Not so much in Europe yet, but it's beginning to get the feel in Europe. So I think those are mostly the markets where we're seeing it. It's just like we started to see it about 3 quarters ago in North America and continue to build, and that's what we're starting to see internationally.
Chadwick Deaton: Drilling systems clearly has a lot of price traction right now. Bits are okay, but as we know, bits in the U.S. don't require the same capability or technology challenges in the shales as they do on the sands and others. I think fluids. We're probably still lagging a little bit. There's more room to go there. And completions are clearly have a lot of traction on price. Complex completions.
Chadwick Deaton: Well, I think you still have 1/3, 1/3, 1/3 of type contracts roll over, Kurt. I don't think the long-term contracting in international is going to go away. So at minimum, I think you're going to see some improved pricing on 1/3. But we are -- as we said in our comments, we are going in, even on existing contracts and pushing price on existing contracts, especially on some of the directional type work because tools are getting tight. Everywhere you can feel it. So it's actually a little over 1/3, could roll into early 2012.
Chadwick Deaton: Well, I think it's too early to try to put an actual number dollar on it, Kurt. What we're seeing is that clearly, come the end of November, the OEMs are going to require certain minimum standards to be met offshore, compliance standards. And this means -- and we're seeing it in some of the audits that are going on with our customers as they visit our facilities or BOEM or clients audit the rigs that you're on. So we are being proactive in this area. We know it's coming. We've seen it happen in the North Sea, back after following the Piper Alpha disaster. And for a period of about 1 year and 18 months, you see increasing regulations and standards being set. So we are just trying to get ahead of the game to make sure that, come November 15 when some of these regulations are rolled out, we are well in line and not any surprises for us. So we can't really quantify yet, but we clearly have picked up on our training and certification of people and making sure our systems are in place to handle it.
Chadwick Deaton: I'm not concerned about our North America margins bouncing back. We're the biggest player in Canada. I don't think we -- we're not going to outline exactly what that hit in Canada was, but it went from 587 rigs to 187 rigs. That's a 400-rig drop, and that hit us pretty hard. And as we said, Gulf of Mexico, what rigs did go back? We had a mix issue in that. We were not necessarily on some of those rigs that went back, but we're clearly on them in Q3 and indefinitely in Q4 because like I said, this work has been awarded. We know who's going to be on which rig in Q3 and Q4. So I think the Canada mix definitely hit us this quarter. Gulf of Mexico hit us a little bit this quarter. And we're still catching up, as Martin said, on the pressure pumping side. Technically, we’ve had BJ 2 quarters now. We are clearly seeing a pull through both ways from putting pressure pumping on some of our completions, complicated completions, as well as the other way around now. So I'm not worried about U.S. margins. We also said that we would be a leader through the cycle, and we've got a pretty good chunk of our business in North America. It is tied to the production side, the ESPs and the chemicals. So when things are booming and rig count is accelerating rapidly, we're probably not going to have the top margins in that area. But I have no doubt when things soften, we will clearly have the top margins during the weaker period. So as we said, we want to be able to lead throughout the cycles. But I'm not concerned with North America margins. They are there, and they'll be back in Q3, Q4. Will they be at the very top? Maybe not with our production side influence. But we'll be up there, very, very competitive.
Chadwick Deaton: Yes, this is all over the map, Ole, because a lot of it depends on when the rig is ready. And then clearly, it depends on the permit that the clients are finishing up on, on the permit and allowed to get back to work. But we see, as I said in Q4, from what we've seen and what the clients have told us and what we need to be geared for, Q4 will be the first real big improvement for us. Q3 will be a little better, and Q4 is much better in the Gulf of Mexico for us.
Chadwick Deaton: No, we haven't, Matt. But we've been saying for quite a while, our people said they don't think that's a 2011 event for us. 2012 may see some things happen. Too early to tell you, but we actually had a pretty decent order in the U.K. It didn't affect us.
Chadwick Deaton: Yes, we did. U.S. land was not our issue in the second quarter as we said. It's Canada and a little bit of Gulf of Mexico.
Chadwick Deaton: We'll stick with our original plan. We're going to hit 15% when we leave the end of the year. So we're not going to change our plan, Joe.
Chadwick Deaton: Well, I think if you look around the world at potential shale plays and customers I've had lunch with or talked to who are sniffing around down there, I think Argentina is exciting, as what people were saying for the U.S. And you're right, I mean, I noticed in our comment at one point we said our first frac in the geomarket, and that's not true. We've been fracing there. BJ's had a history in Argentina for quite some time. It's our first horizontal frac in that area, horizontal share frac. But the one thing about Argentina, horsepower can be added there fairly easily. And a lot of it is because you can take U.S. horsepower and move it down there, a U.S. tractor-trailer type horsepower, which is not the case you can do on a lot of places around the world. So if it takes off, the capability of building horsepower in the U.S. is clearly there, and people can just -- eventually, we'll start moving horsepower down there. We'll build it easily for the Argentina market. Argentina is more a challenge in just terms of some of the government regulations and unions and other type things. And I think that, to me, is what's got to play out before people invest heavily down there.
Chadwick Deaton: Bill, this is Chad. Let me just add something to that. Martin talked earlier about some big wins on these solutions, total packages with multi-services. I think that is the change we're seeing in this industry in North America, where a client is awarding a multi-product line, as Martin said, reservoir completion type package and fracing. That tends to be being awarded now on a year-type basis with a -- in a lot bigger package. So in the individual call out pressure pumping type thing where they're only looking at a year or 2 contract for just pressure pumping, I don't think that's happening. But the multi-package projects tend to be starting to out a little bit longer.
Chadwick Deaton: Well, I think one, Africa continue to turn around story in getting better. So that helped, contribute quite a bit. And we did have, as I mentioned, a good U.K. and Norway quarter, and Continental Europe is as well. And Russia continues to improve. So I think it's all the way across the board. The only area, Angie, that was probably a little bit weak is all of those areas comparatively was probably the Kazakhstan, Azerbaijan area where things are a little softer. But everything just stood across the board and improved in Europe.
Chadwick Deaton: Yes. If you recall, we thought Russia would one of the first areas internationally where we start to see some price movement. At the early of the year, it was looking pretty decent. But that's kind of gone flat. I think Q3 pricing will be flat. Q4, we start to see a little bit of improvement. Now that being said, activity shows a nice ramp in Russia in Q3. And then Q4, Russia will be ending the year, pretty decent position. We just moved, beginning of this Q3, on 3 big IO projects, integrated projects, that just got kicked off, which will be contributing heavily in Q4. And I think, like I said, activity is improving and Russia. And probably, Russia will be a 2012 price inflection point or price change point.
Martin Craighead: And as well, as I kind of hinted at, there's -- not every customer completely accepts its application yet, relative to the more traditional. So I don't want to tell you exact market absorption rates, but there's a substantial amount of opportunity in the existing basins for this technology to still convince, let's say, offset customers of the value it provides. So new customers as well as evolving technology, I'd say, still has a huge amount of potential for the product line.
Martin Craighead: Yes, probably picking up a bit. We were a little bit back-loaded just given the integration of BJ into the company. So unlike our, let's say, our peers, we probably had a more back half-loaded CapEx plan with pressure pumping. So that's a safe number.
Martin Craighead: Yes, thanks, Chad. David, I'd say that, to follow up on Chad's comments, there's 130 or so well locations identified in the lower tertiary over the next several years. This is an enormous amount of spend. Our customers, the key customers are committed to it. No one wants to speculate on the exact timing or the way the government will respond, but we are here to service our customers. I can tell you that the amount of conversations regarding these complex completions, all the way into 2013 given the type of technology that's required and the conditions of these wells, are probably at a record pace actually. So are they out there drilling to the density we'd like? No. But is the work being done to prepare for it, including, as Chad mentioned and I mentioned, preparing for the stuff, this work at a much higher standard of performance, is under way. So how are we planning for it? We're optimistic and we're confident that -- we're not going to try to predict exactly, but we're confident it's going to follow through.
Martin Craighead: Yes. Ole, it's all over the map. But we're in customer offices now with contracts that are awarded, planning the well, and the well won't spud until 2013. These investments our customers are making are just incredible, and the technology requirements, the amount of manpower and the thought leadership so to speak. So it's hard to generalize. But I'd say, probably from award for actual -- I think a safe number might be 6 months.
Martin Craighead: Correct. I think we're taking some share, I don't know if I'd want to say material. It's really providing an overall solution for the customer. But as Chad highlighted as well, I mean, all the key products or service lines in U.S. land right now are outside of maybe a couple. Depending on the basin, they're sold out. So share gain is not objective by any means. And the other thing, Scott, that we didn't define, but since you asked, when we say multiple services, it's 3 or more discrete services on a well site.
Martin Craighead: Oh, no. It's doubled. I could tell you, it's still less than half of where out there, let's say, with the frac fleet. We've got a lot of headroom in this category.
Martin Craighead: All right. So we’re a little bit a neophyte at this. Our sense is that we still like to stay one, call it spot market, but flexible. Do we see an increase with customers wanting to commit a little bit longer? Depending again on the portfolio of services that we're awarded, depending on the depth that we get into their business in terms of well planning or even better field development planning, we'll have those conversations. But at this stage, I don't think we've moved the needle materially. In fact, I know we haven't from long-term to from short-term.
Martin Craighead: Yes. Angie, as I said in my comments, we're quite happy with our progression. As you know we simply bumped up the production side of this. We have been on the sidelines a bit based on the risk profiles. It should be not a surprise to anybody that initiating these contracts there can be very, very challenging, depending on the scope of the work that was outlined. You're correct with regards to the information you have on some projects, but I'm not going to stipulate as to -- and we haven't really been public on those yet, because we don't have any -- probably much more information than you do as to the actual timing of the award. But those are big awards. But again, they have to work through the machinery within Iraq. And in terms of the margins, I can tell you that we were slightly profitable, and we expect to be moving in that direction from this point on Iraq.
Martin Craighead: Okay, rob, this is Martin. Let me take that. I don't understand the criticism of it, so I'm not going to go there. The absorption in the market I think kind of -- should put those arguments to bed. Customers would not be continuing to repeatedly use it if they weren't seeing differential performance. And I would not say that I could identify any issues with the technology itself, other than it continues to evolve and be more applicable and more reliable. To me, and it gets back to what I said, what Chad has been saying for a long time, I gets down to the reservoir characterization to begin with. How this -- where the well has landed, the type of geology, specifically. And to say that the sliding sleeve technology, which allows obviously the customer to put a lot more fracs on something that has extremely low permeability, to say that it doesn't have increasing application is beyond me. I don't understand that argument. And so as I mentioned earlier, the 40-stage, the In-tallic balls, the new FracPoint direct connect, which we'll be launching shortly which has built-in nozzles to get the fracs more initiated and more focused, hold a heck of a lot of promise in not only U.S. land, but other parts. As we mentioned, China and Argentina, specifically.
