Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Nancy. Turning to Slide 16. Baker Hughes is committed to delivering for our customers and our shareholders. We remain focused on capitalizing on the growth opportunities across OFSE and IET, including LNG and new energy. We continue to invest in R&D to develop our technology portfolio in hydrogen, carbon capture and clean power. We also remain committed to delivering on our cost-out objective by optimizing our corporate structure to enhance our margin and return profile. We continue to target EBITDA margins of 20% in OFSE and IET and increasing ROIC in both businesses to 15% and 20%, respectively. And finally, we continue to focus on generating strong free cash flow and returning 60% to 80% of this free cash flow to shareholders, while also investing for growth across our world-class business. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Jud.
Lorenzo Simonelli: [Technical Difficulty] near term and also the long-term prospects for natural gas and LNG. And I think you've seen some of the comments made by the G7 and others that natural gas and LNG has a role to play, not just as a transition, but as a destination fuel. So even though 2022 saw the pace of FIDs slowed down somewhat because of the high interest rates and also the inflation, the customer conversations have continued. And I'm very pleased that we were able to book the Qatar NFS expansion, also Sempra Port Arthur and also some smaller projects in Asia Pacific and West Africa during the course of the first quarter. And there's still several more projects that we're tracking for FID this year. You've seen some of the external press around Rio Grande and what they're expecting from the Fast, et cetera. And so we remain confident that this year, we'll see between 65 MTPA to 115 MTPA of FIDs in '23. And in terms of pipeline of opportunities, they continue to grow as well. I think a good example is Cheniere’s 20 MTPA expansion that they've communicated at Sabine Pass. And so we're seeing a number of also International projects. So based on what we see today, there's a reasonable expectation that LNG FIDs in '24 could be approaching the same FID levels we see in 2023. Still early call, but there are a number of projects that are moving towards that. And then it continues in '25 and '26, we also see a set of opportunities improving and with the potential for FID ranges between 30 to 60 MTPA each year. So again, the market is very active at the moment, and we like the position that we have and helping our customers.
Lorenzo Simonelli: James, I think we are seeing the benefits from some of the legislation, the Inflation Reduction Act that we've discussed before had the potential to pull forward some of this activity. And I'd say, we're very pleased with our progress on the new energy orders. I mean, in the first quarter, you said it, we booked $300 million of orders. A large portion of that $250 million were in IET, large orders around CCUS and Latin America, CO2 compression for multiple FPSOs, two hydrogen awards in North America. So I think it's fair to say that we anticipate that at least in 2023, we should exceed the $400 million guidance we gave. Again, we're looking at the pipeline of opportunities. And over the course of the next three to four years, we think that the energy -- new energy content should be around 10% of our Gas Tech orders. And we’ve stated previously that we believe that by the end of this decade, new energy orders could be in the range of $6 billion to $7 billion and that would imply about 10% of our Gas Tech orders could accelerate over the course of the last half of the decade. So the overall direction is positive. I think it’s in line with what we’ve been saying. We have seen some acceleration. I feel good about our positioning, and also the product capability we have here.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. Sure, Arun. And let's feel good about IET. And again, we indicated that we should be at the upper end of the guidance range. And you heard some of the comments around LNG, the activity we're seeing there. Also some of the new energy coming through from an orders perspective. So those are elements that clearly help us. We still expect the offshore production to be down after a very strong year in 2022 with the FPSOs. But overall, again, positioning for the upper end of the guide here.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, definitely. And look, we've been indicating that we wanted to rationalize some of our capacity. And as you look at SSPS, we've taken several steps also last -- at the end of last year and beginning of this year to really take out some of our excess capacity on the subsea trees. We've also been rationalizing capacity in Asia, Latin America, outsourcing some of the basic machining that we've typically done in the U.K. And now we're looking also at some of the facilities for SPC consolidating those in the Middle East, which is our primary market for the business. So we think that on the cost-side, we're taking the appropriate actions, and this will be part of the broader $150 million and on top of that relative to some of these actions we're taking OFSE (ph) as we go forward. So on the actual offshore market, again, we've seen some strong momentum. You saw our orders. And again, the highest order rate from a five-year period for the business, and we're seeing good traction in flexibles. So our market momentum is positive at this stage, and we see that continuing also in 2024.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Definitely, Chase. And look, I was with a customer yesterday and actually reviewing the opportunity of Leucipa on the OFSE side. And as you know, Leucipa is a cloud-based automated fuel production software solution, really designed to help oil and gas operators proactively manage increased production and reduce carbon emissions. So we're pleased to have Pan American Energy Corp, a leading company in Argentina, as a launch customer and actively talking to other customers also here in North America. We also announced a collaboration with Corva and have a minority investment to improve efficiency in rig operations through analytics, real-time data and visualization. So I'd say we're at the early stages of really being able to provide that suite of capabilities and good customer engagement. On the IET side, you mentioned it correctly, Cordant. Cordant is an integrated suite of solutions really supporting our industrial asset performance management and process optimization. It builds on the broad and established rotating equipment, sensors, valves, pump gears and inspection service domain we have within the space. And Cordant is available today through a modular approach and pleased that we announced the collaboration with BP to further define and develop Cordant and BP is going to be deploying 1 PM in select locations across the Gulf of Mexico production assets, where we have a large installed base of rotating equipment and also associated digital services. In addition, in the first quarter, we won an important contract with a fertilizer customer. And again, the scope of work includes artificial intelligence, machine learning, predictive analytics, and it's really going to be able to help on the OEM physics-based analytics to improve their capability and reaching their production targets. So it's multimillion dollar order, which we're very pleased about and seeing good traction across the digital landscape with the solutions and suites that we have.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, Scott. Look, I think there's certainly a lot of moving parts in the North America market at the moment. And coming into the year, we expected some privates to drop oil rigs early in the year, but that would be gradually offset over the course of the year by the public E&Ps and some majors adding some rigs. The natural gas pricing has been weaker. And so we would expect 30 to 40 rigs also additional to be dropped over the course of 2023. On the oil side, though, we don't see much risk to the oil activity. If we stay at around $80, we should be able to stay level on the rigs and I don't think we'll see much impact unless we start to go below the $70. And then also for the public E&Ps, we don't see much risk to their activity levels until we get to around $60 or below. So a lot that we're continuing to monitor. But to your point, I think it's fair to say that we should be able to maintain that run rate.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, Scott. Right now, we see no major change really limited in our international outlook and expect international spending to increase in the mid-double-digit range. Again, as you think about the Middle East, the GCC countries, drilling plans for this year are pretty well set along with the procurement of materials and labor. I wouldn't -- I'd be surprised if there was a material deviation from current plans. However, looking into 2024, we'll have to monitor the health of the global economy and also the oil demand. And if OPEC+ cuts wind up being deeper or lasting longer, it could impact the growth trajectory to some degree in 2024, but it's too early to say. And I think you've got to remember that a lot of these customers are looking at production capacity over the long term increasing and have been dedicated to that on the natural gas development. So we’ll monitor the situation, but at this time, limited impact.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, definitely, Luke. And look, as we've mentioned previously, partnerships are critical to delivering the energy transition. So there's no one company or technology that's going to solve the problem. And partnerships like this that we have with HIF, we think are crucial to be able to demonstrate and showcase the technology. So HIF is a great case where they're developing projects to produce e-fuels by blending green hydrogen and CO2. We, again, are being with them alongside others such as Porsche and also other investments. We're going to be providing them a number of compressors, turbines, pumps, valves and other technology and per facility that's good content for us. We announced during the course of the quarter and intend to cooperate on the development of the direct air capture. And if you look at Mosaic, it's a company that has specialized in metal organic frameworks [indiscernible], which have the potential to capture low concentration CO2. So what we're going to be doing is demonstrating that with a prototype with HIF in 2024 and again, enabling them to start to deploy their e-fuel projects. So feel good about the partnership here and also the opportunity going forward. It’s a game changer. Again, if you look at e-fuels because they utilize the same infrastructure that’s existing today. And so from an investment level, it can be a nice substitution with a lower carbon footprint.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Dave, I should be asking you the question considering you were just out there in the Middle East. But look, we feel very good about the relationship that we have with the ADNOC Drilling. And as you know, it started several years ago, also our position within UAE. And I'd say that with the announcements that also ADNOC has made relative to the commitment to increasing production, we see positive momentum with the -- also ADNOC Drilling, and we have a specific technologies that are appropriate that allow the time to drill to come down and drive efficiencies and productivity. So I'd say, we are optimistic about the future growth and obviously participating with ADNOC Drilling.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Dave, with the partnership we have, we look on an annual basis at what is required from a tool perspective. And one of the key ways in which we drive efficiency and also we drive better performance is by having these discussions early. So rest assured, without not drilling, we're tied to the hip. So anything that they got planned, we already -- we're discussing 12 months ago to make sure that we were ready for them.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. You're correct in your assessment relative to the difference between fourth quarter and first quarter. At the fourth quarter, you do traditionally have direct tool sale to take place to take place in the first quarter. As you look forward, again, we're continuing to see that there's good international growth within Southeast Asia as well, and we should continue to see that progression.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah. Just in terms of the pricing environment, look, as you look at North America, it's starting to level off, but we expect our pricing for our technology in North America to remain firm. Internationally, we're gaining good traction given the strong activity levels and some of the tightness in the market. That being said, it will take some time to flow through from an earnings standpoint. And as you look at the construction of the 20%, we've always said that it's a combination of some of the pricing but a lot of self-help as well.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, definitely. And I think we continue to see positive developments in our Chemicals business, improving margins. Chemical pricing has been favorable. Input prices have stabilized and we improved parts of our supply chain. As you know, we've got a new facility that ramped up in Singapore. We've got another facility that ramps up in KSA later on this year. As you look at margins in the first quarter, they increased sequentially and are now up 500 basis points year-over-year. We're still though 200 basis points to 300 basis points below the long-term average for this business. So we've still got some work to do to get back to the prior levels, but we expect that to be more normalized in the second half of 2023.
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yeah, Roger. And as we laid out also at the beginning of the year relative to the maintenance and the contractual service agreements we have, it’s pretty much trending the way we anticipated. And so no change from what we said in January. Again, as you know, there has been some pushout from 2022 and we’ll anticipate that, that starts to catch up in ‘23 and ‘24.
Nancy Buese: Yes. Happy too. So we really started this whole project back in September '22, and we've just identified so many ways to think about cost-outs of the organization and really a more efficient operating structure overall. And I would note, in the first quarter, we recognized about $15 million of those cost-outs. So we're starting to see that just simply from the movement of four product companies into the two business segments. So when we think about the cost-outs at the moment, there's -- I think about it in two buckets. The first is, and it's probably two-thirds of the first 150, that's really just simplification and the organization, streamlining the operations. And that allows us to kind of take out some layers, smaller functionality, removal of duplication and just leaner overall at corporate and then also pushing us to what we call a strategically managed business structure and putting the activities closer to the business. I think there's more we can do there as we think about that first bucket of cost-outs. The second is really cost controls and thinking about optimizing all of our support functions and thinking about how we spend our money with technology, external expenses, third-party services and the like. So I think there's opportunities in both ways, and we're going to continue to methodically work through all of it and thinking about how do we centralize activities that need to be at the core, how do we put the right things at the business and then really standardizing some of our key operating processes. So we do think that's going to generate additional savings. So we need to get through this first bit of the cost-out effort, and then we will come back to you with a better signal. So we think there’s more there, but it’s probably too soon to call. And then you heard it right is we’re working hard to get all this done by Q2, so we can start realizing the savings run rates by the end of 2023.
Nancy Buese: Yeah. We're seeing really good growth in the services side of the business, and we do anticipate solid recovery. I would say, we're cautiously optimistic. One of the limiters still is the supply chain recovery, especially on the aviation side. So as we think about the inputs for services, that's still in its recovery phase. But yeah, we're very supportive of where services is going and we anticipate it continuing to move up over the year.
Nancy Buese: Yeah, absolutely, and you have it right. We do still plan to buy back shares at some point this year, and that's all in line with our priority of returning 60% to 80% of our free cash flow back to shareholders. But we have paused for the moment. And you're right, the markets are a little choppy right now. So it's a good time to just be cautious. We've also engaged in quite a bit of M&A activity over the last few quarters. So we’re letting that settle even with just – most of that’s completed with the closing of Altus in April, but it is a good time for us to let the organization settle and then as you know, our free cash flow is very much back-half weighted. So we’re just kind of restoring our cash levels at the moment, letting that build throughout the course of the year, but we do intend to resume buybacks at some point later this year.
