Kimberly Ross: So, Jud, this is Kimberly. So, we got about one month of benefit in quarter two. So, obviously, we do expect to have further benefit coming through in quarter three and quarter four. And therefore, we would expect to see some margin improvements in the second half of the year due to the cost reductions that have taken place.
Kimberly Ross: Additionally, we'll continue to focus on some additional cost reductions, we still have some more that we're going to do in quarter three and some of those take a little bit of time, so they won't necessarily be a full quarter of it, but then we'd expect to start seeing more cost savings in quarter four from that initiative and we'll update you on that next quarter.
Kimberly Ross: No. We're on target. Well, we would not expect to see necessarily a full quarter's savings, but by the end of the year, we will see a run rate for the following year, the $500 million savings that we targeted.
Kimberly Ross: Yeah. So, as we said, obviously we had a bit moment both in receivables as well as in inventory and those were largely attributed to the write-offs or the reserves that we took on both of those. We did overall, we had nine days improvement of which seven days was essentially bad debt on the receivable side. So we've continued to make progress on collecting the receivable. This is an area that we started last year being very focused on because at the end of the day, I would say a sale is not a sale if you don't collect on it, it's a gift and we're really not in the business of gifting.
Kimberly Ross: So, we've really increased the discipline and having proactive discussions with our customers about collections. So, obviously there are many countries, especially when they're very dependent on oil that are struggling in today's environment. We look at those, in some cases the future will look better when oil prices get better, in other cases we see that they might continue to have struggles. And so, what I can say is even right down to myself is people are out talking to our customers and having a good sense about where they are and we obviously try to work with them as much as possible. But in some cases, we end up having to take provisions and our policy is based on a timeframe. So, when we haven't been paid after a certain timeframe, then we take provisions on those receivables. So, not getting any easier right now, but I think we have a pretty good full-court pressed on it from our side. And even if we have taken a provision I should say, we will continue to work on collecting those funds. So, it's not like it's been written off, we continue to work to collect.
Kimberly Ross: Well, I'd like to think it's already starting, quite frankly with the streamlined organization that with my perspective on this is that we're making decisions very quickly. And we're able to push them down through the organization very quickly also. This helps us with regards to standardization in some areas and obviously that helps get cost out as well as it helps us move faster and it takes risk out, right also if you can move faster and things are less complex. So I'd like to think that we're going to be seeing that sooner rather than later. Obviously the full impact, we wouldn't expect to see this year, but I'm already seeing just how we're making decisions quicker and able to move up and down and through the organization a lot faster. Even from my perspective, I now don't have to go out and try to change something with four different geo heads now I go straight to Belgacem or Art or we all get together, we make a decision and we can start communicating to the organization very quickly in a standardized fashion.
Kimberly Ross: Well, yeah. Again, we're maintaining obviously a global footprint. But with that said, even within countries, we believe and we're seeing that there's some opportunities for optimization and obviously the business is strong also. So, we have been taking actions and shutting down facilities last year as well as this year. We will continue to have some taking place in quarter three and then additionally what we'll be looking at next year is looking at some of the footprint around supply chain also. So, I think this is one of those things that one should look at on a regular basis, but definitely right now considering the downturn and some of the changes that have taken place, really taking a close look at that. And again, this goes to our analysis on return on invested capital also and really putting the rigor into, okay, how do we maximize the value of the assets that we have, where we want to exit, but then also how do we make sure that we have the least amount of bricks and motors to service the business in an optimal way.
Kimberly Ross: Yeah. I mean, obviously we expect to continue to have some price pressures in some activities, but we have focused on the cost reductions. And therefore we do expect to see sequential improvement. In some parts of international markets it takes a bit longer to get costs out due especially if it involves people because of some of the labor processes. And so, we'll continue to focus on that but the answer to your question is yes, we do expect to see sequential improvement in the margin as a result of cost savings.
Martin Craighead: I would say Jud that, yes, we expect the margins to finish strong in North America driven by strong incrementals given the cost reductions that are taking place. Of course, the biggest driver in North America is going to be activity levels which will drive our pricing environment. But putting those aside, if you just want to look at our - of what we can control, so to speak, it's the cost removals driving some strong incrementals. So, we expect the margins to be much more improved than they are right now.
Martin Craighead: You tell me what oil prices are, what the rig count is, and I can give you - I can land the plane, but I can't - I am not going to go there right now.
Martin Craighead: That's a great question. If you remember Kurt in 2014 at the Analyst Conference, we put a $1 billion bogey out there. Obviously, it was a different environment in 2014 and we hit that. Last year, we didn't share with you, I don't think specifically, but a dramatically different market. And the revenue from new products hung in very, very well as a percentage of total revenue. I would put these 60 products in the remaining part of the year, an incremental revenue associated with those products, north of $0.25 billion I think, is a safe call depending on the product, the mix, where we are launching it, and the margin contribution on all of those is generally accretive.
Martin Craighead: Yeah. That's the plan. I can tell you one thing, it will sure as hell more than offset the margin drop and there is a timing issue. We're in the process of weaving through that portfolio, we're engaged with that emerging customer set, I like where we are in the process in terms of laying the groundwork, staffing the teams, and we're having serious discussions with this emerging customer group in terms of what's the scope of their needs. This is a new opportunity for them as well. We're building this business from the ground up. There's no rulebook on this, no one else is doing it like we plan to do it. I think the thing to keep in mind that this is a broader set of new customers in this space and we have every intension of having every one of them be a customer of Baker Hughes.
Martin Craighead: Well, I think that pretty much sums up the - when we're talking about these new channels that is the category that I think they all fall underneath. But there's a whole different kind of mixture in that group. And at the same time, let's remember that as I said in my prepared comments, our core business continues to be the biggest growth opportunity in so many ways, depending on what part of the world we're in. The new products, the new organization, the new teams being able to peel out, if you will, some of the underperforming assets and double down on more of the stronger assets, we expect to see pretty strong uplift in the core business concurrent with these new market channels.
Martin Craighead: Some of that's skating on the edge of competitive information, but let me put it this way. Of our total fleet, we probably have 20% active and then you could go through the various forms of cold stack, warm stack, hot stack. The hot stack equipment could mobilize in days, you know the cold stacked, you're talking a lot longer period, months, very little money in terms of the hot stack to bring it back, but the cold stack you're well north of $150 million. So, it's a lot of capital and this is one of the issues that we have with that business.
Martin Craighead: Well, that's a great question. It's hard to speculate Angie. If I look at the size and the scope of our franchise, our franchise in North America, I think it probably reflects the industry average. Given the cash-strapped nature of a lot of the independent players, they maybe cannibalizing a little bit more and not maintaining to the same level. So, you could maybe make some of the numbers I gave you a little bit more bleak as an industry whole. But what it is to-date, does it really matter because there could be a lot more to come.
Martin Craighead: That's a good question and I can tell you that the decisions we're making today are based on the analysis work through different time periods. I don't want to be specific because I think that what we're doing is some really, really good rigorous evaluation. But we looked at the businesses at the sharpest end of the stick under a variety of market conditions. We looked at a variety of risk factors. I mean a real portfolio of risk factors financially as well as operationally as well as commercially. We looked at collectability, we looked at cash flows. We've got a real insight to these businesses that was the opportunity we had, while we were kind of in that purgatory time. So these are the decisions now that are on the - this is the information that is now on the table and this is the decision set that Belgacem and Derek, and Art and the team, all of us, Kimberly are working through.
Martin Craighead: That's exactly right. And remember as well, remember as well, Sean that the decisions to exit or to take something out is generally very small as I said in my comments, but it's converted into something with somebody else. And that's going to not only drive our margins, it's going to drive the number one driver we have as a management team which is return on invested capital. Full stop.
Martin Craighead: The team moved with great speed. Sorry, didn't mean to interrupt you. The team moved with great speed. We knew who we wanted, who we didn't. We knew where we wanted them, an enormous feeling of excitement with the organization, to stand things up in a different way, focus on winning and what we're winning with, to compete on our strengths, not defend our weaknesses and people are pretty charged up. So there's no timeframe on this one, we're locked and loaded.
Martin Craighead: I like the way these questions are starting to go because you can see, there is a learning curve for everybody in this industry as to the model that we are building here. There is a skill-set that's different from looking after the large NOC or an independent in North America. But that's a skill-set that we're growing our self. I think it's going to be a competency that as this category emerges, we are going to have a competency that's very much oriented to this sector. It's a very technical but also very, very operations driven customer base. Unlike a traditional customer James, like a Statoil or a Petrobras or a Devon, these are us, these are folks that have generally been in our industry. And so the conversations are much more about partnerships, it's about what their challenges are themselves in terms it could be anything around compliance, HSE, maintenance schedules. So, you would see our sales people in this category be former types of heavy lifters within our operations. The timeframe on these is much longer than a transactional or tender type of thing. These are probably six month timeframes once the discussion start and these guys get our folks and get our equipment in place. So I don't know if I answered your question or not, but that's kind of the color I can provide.
Martin Craighead: Okay. Let's take the first one, what are the customers saying. So you have a customer that says wait. You mean, I can have a Baker Hughes product, perhaps more opportunities to buy some of the best products and technology in my respective, the country I operate in or the basin I operate in. I mean customers love it. As to the activity levels that I'm hearing from our customers, it's kind of as I said James, in the commentary. It depends where they are, it depends on the strength of the customer, the quality of their acreage and so forth. I think, as Kimberly said internationally, it's a concerning environment, it's the cash flow, CapEx issue much more, it's a longer cycle nature of projects. I think until the view is more constructive, these guys are just going to - just sit tight. Now, I think the Middle East is maybe a little bit different than that. It should be, at worst, flat to slightly up. And we have a large, very large OPEC customer there that just announced a very ambitious plan, to grow their production 30% by 2020. So, that aside, as far as North America, I don't subscribe to the whole full commentary that I think, gets thrown around a lot by your community. And I think that the customers are going to need something that's coming and vectoring in on around $60 or high $50s just because certain costs on our side are going to go up. And I just would feel a lot more confident that we see some stability well north of $55 before there is a lot of motivation for us to be bringing back capital into North America.
Martin Craighead: Thanks, Bridgette. Everybody listen before I sign off I want to leave you with a few key points to sum up what we discussed today. Number one, less than three months ago we made a series of very clear commitments to our stakeholders, including you. And today's update strongly demonstrates that we're making very good progress on every one of them with decisiveness and speed. Two, in the second quarter we made significant progress to both strengthen our competitive position and financial performance in our core full service business and we expect that that momentum to build as customer confidence in the market returns. And three, while we see the market remaining challenging for the rest of this year and for the reasons that we outlined, with our strength and innovation, focus on operational performance and flexibility of our broader go to market's model, unique to Baker Hughes, makes us very well positioned for the opportunities that are available today and when the market around the world begins to recover. So, with that folks I want to thank all of you for joining this morning. And Bridgette, you can now close the call.
