Lorenzo Simonelli: Thank you, Nancy. As we enhance our position as a leading energy technology company, we remain encouraged about the continued growth that we see for our organization across our free time horizons. While there is a growing consensus that the energy transition will likely take longer than many expected, our unique portfolio is set to benefit irrespective of how quickly the energy transition develops. For example, a faster energy transition drives quicker growth across our climate technology solutions business, while a slower energy transition would extend the cycle of our traditional oil and gas businesses. Accordingly, we have set out a strategy to grow irrespective of the pace that the energy transition unfolds.  Considering this balanced portfolio, Baker Hughes is becoming less cyclical in nature and therefore set to experience solid growth irrespective of the energy transition pace. Importantly, we are laying the foundation today for a more durable earnings and free cash flow growth profile, which will enable us, in parallel, to deliver best in class performance and structurally increasing shareholder returns. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Chase. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, definitely Arun. And good to hear from you. And I think if you go back to the beginning of the year, we always said that we saw a robust pipeline of opportunities for IET. And as we've gone forward through the year, that has continued to get stronger and stronger, and more of the pipeline has been converting. And so it's given us the opportunity really to be able to take up our guidance on the IET orders. And as you said correctly, now it stands at a range of 14 billion to 14.5. And it really plays out in three areas as you look at the activity level. The first is LNG. You've seen that LNG continues to be robust. And there's been a number of projects that have moved forward. As you saw this quarter with the uptake of the Venture Global Agreement, also with the ADNOC gas and the Ruiz facility. So continuing to see good uptake on the LNG side. And we've booked $4.8 billion of LNG equipment orders. And we still expect more in the fourth quarter. And very pleased to see also the uptake in the electrification and the electric motor being used from our brush division as well. So one is LNG.  The second, we continue to see strength in the onshore offshore production. And that's trending better than expected. And we also expect to see a good fourth quarter with the larger FPSO orders. And that continuing to be a case with the offshore activity. And the last area, new energy, we had a forecast at the start of the year to be at $400 million. We've taken it up to $600 to $700. And you can see that by the end of the third quarter, we're already at $540. We still expect to see orders coming through in the fourth quarter. So feel good about that $6 to $700 million and still remain very confident on the end of the decade being at the $6 to $7 billion. So good overall strength in those three areas from an IET perspective. And because we look out to 2024, we continue to see a pipeline of good project opportunities. And we'll obviously be able to update you further in January. But in the three cases, there's continued strength and a number of opportunities. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, it's definitely all of the above. And as you think about LNG, and you think about also the role that natural gas is going to play as a transition and destination fuel, we see that we need an installed capacity of LNG by 2030 of 800 mTPA. We've mentioned that before. And as you look at 23, we've had a good set of FIDs. There's 53 mTPA that's happened of FID. We've obviously booked 80 mTPA because we do get some orders prior to projects going to FID. But we see that continuing as we go into 2024 and also feel good about 65 mTPA of FIDs in 24. And continuing in 25 and 26 at what we stated previously, the rate of 30 to 60 mTPA. And I think when you look at both Greenfield, international, North America, Brownfield, we're seeing activity across the board. I think obviously the US has a unique opportunity with the natural gas reserves that it has and also the associated gas and a number of projects, both Greenfield and Brownfield, [indiscernible] Venture Global have made comments about their activity. That there's some projects in Mexico. There's other new projects that, again, are working towards FID, such as Telurion. So US continuing to be strong. But then also internationally, you see Qatar. You also see, again, Canada. You see the ADNOC of the world. And I think you're starting to emerge with Africa as well. So we remain very positive. And I think at the end of the day, it's all towards that 800 mTPA that we need to have by 2030 to make sure that we meet the energy demands of the world. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Operator. Justin, next question, please. Operator, can we go to the next question, please?  Operator?. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Luke, I'll kick off here and then also let Nancy chime in. And I think we've mentioned it at the start that we continue to navigate a challenging aerospace supply chain. And you will have heard from others that also reported results that this is across the aerospace industry. And we factored this in at the beginning of the year. And we're continuing to monitor it, work closely with the supply chain, and make sure that we mitigate as much as possible any consequences. And we feel good about being able to do that as we go forward. I think it is important to note, when you think about our rotating equipment about one third of the LNG is a derivative, but the other is heavy duty gas turbines, and then also electric motors. And we continue to see robust supply chain availability there. So we're working through it and continuing to keep an eye on it. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Definitely. And we've been working on our strategy and also been monitoring how the energy markets have evolved. And that really has given rise to the free time horizons. And I want to be clear that we've been thinking through this for some time, and now we're starting to really reveal it more and detail it externally. And so as you look at the first time horizon, which goes through 2025, this is really focused on making sure that we enhance the margins, accretion through simplification, efficiencies, operational discipline, optimization of our assets, the people productivity, all of the things that are in our control as we create really an energy technology company and benefiting from the macro tailwinds that we see across our two business segments that we've mentioned before relative to the LNG growth cycle, as well as a multi-year upswing in upstream spending. So that's going to be the key focus during the first horizon. And it will underpin our goals to get to 20% EBITDA margins in OFSE by '25, and also IET by '26. And we'll manage accordingly through that. The second horizon goes out to '27. And this is really shifting a focus to the next phase of growth in new energy and the industrial sectors. We'll have the benefit of the gas tech services growth that will be coming to fruition through the expanded installed base that we have and the opportunity to provide efficiency through our digital applications and also the [indiscernible] cordon to our customers. So driving further margin expansion across the whole company and above our stated 20% EBITDA margin targets for the two segments and also exceed our ROIC targets beyond the 15% and 20% in OFSE and IET respectively. And then as you get to 2030, you're starting to see the initial signs of this is really the new energy. And we mentioned the orders 3Q year-to-date at 540, but by the time we get to 2030, $6 billion to $7 billion in orders and really the new energy frontiers of CCUS hydrogen, clean power, geothermal, and the opportunity for really helping with decarbonization solutions, which become a critical component to what we think is the energy transition as we go through that. And so emissions management will be a key factor. And this really lays out the way in which we're executing towards the free horizons and really focused on that operational discipline associated with it. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Definitely, James. And look, we're very pleased with the way in which the new energy orders are coming in. And as you've said, we've taken up our target for 2023. And we expect to be between six to $700 million. And one important aspect is this is equipment that we're producing today. And it comes from the existing Baker Hughes technology stack. And so we're continuing to also invest in new areas of the energy transition. And when you look at the policies that are coming on stream, you look at era, you look at in the United States, you look at what Europe has done. And as you mentioned, most recently, the DOE awarded $7 billion of grants to seven hydrogen hubs in the United States. That opportunity is actually coming faster than we anticipated and is growing. And we feel good about being able to differentiate ourselves. And in hydrogen in particular, we've got a long history in hydrogen. You've seen the successes that we've had with air products in being able to provide them technology associated with the hydrogen facilities. And we expect that to continue. And with these new hydrogen hubs, we've got the opportunity to, again, extend our opportunity with the equipment that we can provide them. So feeling good that hydrogen is going to be an area of focus for Baker Hughes as we continue going forward. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Dave, I'll take this one. Look, as you can imagine with the intake of orders that we've had, we've been working on making sure that we've got lean processes and kaizans in the different manufacturing shops that we have. And we feel very good about the ability to take on the additional orders and also turn it around from a cycle time perspective and also from a conversion. You won't see that dramatic a change. Again, if you look at the large LNG projects, they normally take between 18 to 24 months from the intake out to the actual installation. And so that will remain the case. But definitely we're focused on making sure that we're meeting the customer commitments. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Dave, look, we definitely see that the transition is complicated. We've always said that. And I think there was an eagerness that it should happen overnight. There's an energy supply that needs to be given to the growing population and also the developing world that needs to be there. And we're going to see in parallel the continuation of the use of oil and gas. And we're going to see it continuing to be cleaner as well with the adoption of CCS, the adoption of emissions management.  And what we're mentioning here is that the reality is, I think, becoming known that it's going to take some time and it's going to be more gradual, but it doesn't change the destination. And I think ultimately we're going towards a low carbon economy and everybody's focused on that. And we're going to see growing activity across both of our business segments associated with that. So again, we're in a, I think, unique position where irrespective of the speed of the transition, we have the opportunity to benefit. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, Kurt. And actually, we have been investing. And I think as you've seen the associated R&D expenditures increase this year and, we are preparing for that six to seven billion and feel very comfortable. And it's not just within the compression space. It's also within the turbo expander base. And you look at net power, for example, and we're obviously linked closely with them. And we see that as a big growth opportunity in the future with regards to clean power generation, hydrogen, and again, application of our compression. You look at our gas turbines that we already have that can be, that are hydrogen ready. So I actually think we've got a large complement of the equipment either already ready to go or already in research and development with the aspect of the associated engineering that's taking place. And we're seeing the flow of orders and also pipeline opportunities come about. And that's just further reinforced with era. It's further reinforced with some of the European policies and also what you're seeing in the Middle East. So many, many opportunities as we go forward and feel comfortable with that 6 billion to 7 billion and also our opportunity to convert on it. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, again, if you look at this year, we've said international spending at mid-teens. And as we look into next year, it's going to be double digit. And as you look at offshore activity continues to be robust. And if you think of Latin America with Brazil, Guiana continuing to see the uptick, also West Africa. And if you look at the Middle East and the spending that's anticipated on the D&C side, again, with the plans that have been announced by the various national oil companies, we still feel good about the double digit in next year activity. 
Lorenzo Simonelli: Yes, as you look at our services business, and again, LNG accounts for about 35% of also the service. We have services transactional on all of our onshore, offshore applications as well as our installed equipment in the other areas of downstream pipeline, etc. But on the LNG specifically about 35%. 
Nancy Buese: Yes, I think what I said this previously is supply chain challenges are certainly contemplated within our 2023 guidance, and will also be considered in 2024. We're still working very carefully with the vendor in terms of timing to improve. And as we start to have a line of sight towards when we'll see those improvements, we'll bake that in. But it is certainly considered in the guidance that we've provided. 
Nancy Buese: Yes, sure. It's a great question, giving how strong the pipeline is in order since we really published our margin targets last September. I would say the biggest driver is the mix of the mix, and that's really the headwind, and that's sort of the variable to our EBITDA target. So while we continue to expand the install base, that's sort of pushing the services revenue as a percentage of the margin targets. And we've said publicly that service is in a much higher margin than the equipment. So when you think about the things we're doing to drive to that 20% margin, it's really a continued progress on our cost-out and transformation process at the segment level, thinking how we can be leaner, how we can operate more efficiently. You'll also see improvement in the industrial tech margins, and the supply chain and chip shortages really continue to normalize in that space. And then certainly Gas Tech services is slower to ramp in the impact this year of the continued aviation supply chain issues, which we believe will start to abate in 2024. And then the other piece to remember is that we have been absorbing additional R&D costs as we think about the investments we're making into climate tech for the back half of the decade. So all of those things together with a very strong top-lying growth allow us the past and to see the transparency around how we get to the 20% margin. But we are confident in our ability to attain those margins, and we will continue to work for more, but we definitely see line of sight towards the 20%. 
Nancy Buese: Yes, I think you'll see a gradual ramp up, but it will be a little bit lumpy, and the part we can't necessarily predict is the pace of the equipment orders and where the services revenue will pop in. So I would say you'll continue to see a trajectory up and to the right. It's hard to say exactly where those bigger gains will occur, but we will continue to provide line of sight of that with our guidance. 
Nancy Buese: Yes. So at this point, how I would think about it is we've committed to the 60% to 80% of returns back to shareholders. The dividend will structurally go as the business goes and we'll work to increase the dividend over time. How I would think about the share buyback is it'll be opportunistic to get somewhere in that 60% to 80% range. So that will be the opportunistic add on to the dividend. Our sincere goal is as we get more structure, stability, linearity in the business, we'll be able to grow that dividend over time and especially as we pivot away from the cyclical nature of certain parts of the business and more to sexual, secular growth. So that's the goal, but we still remain very committed to the 60% to 80% return to holders. 
