Michael A. Bradley: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for being with us again today. Let me start with what's been challenging about this year, then I'll give you the rundown on how we're navigating in this climate and how we expect we'll do to the full 12 months of the year. By challenging, I mean that the SOC test market will be down about 25% this year. The memory market will be roughly flat and the wireless device test market that LitePoint serves will be off 25% to 30%. Add to that, a dramatic CapEx reduction in the hard disk drive market for the last 6 quarters, and you get as tight a capital spending environment as we've seen in quite some time. The Semiconductor Test markets, which are tracked closely, prove this point. The SOC test market will bottom at under $400 million in revenues in Q4 and close the year at just under $2 billion in total. And the memory test market will drop slightly in Q4 at an annualized run rate of just under $500 million. While our prior projections for the full year in these markets have called for reduced capital spend rates, the actuals will come in around the low end of our projections. So that's been the challenge. But despite this environment, we'll post some very good results in 3 respects. First, we expect to, again deliver above-model performance for the full year despite the annual revenues that will be down about 15%. The hallmark of our performance over numerous cycles is our ability to deliver good results over the cycle, independent of the ongoing market volatility. Second, we'll post sales at the trough that are slightly better than last year, even though the market trough is deeper this time. And third, we'll have improved our market share position in our 3 major serve markets over last year. Obviously, this third element is a key to having very good results in what's been a tight capital spending environment. Our product portfolio in SemiTest is rolling out as planned with new products this year and our J750 and Eagle test lines for SOC and with a new Magnum product in memory test. Coupled with our UltraFLEX refresh last year, we are offering new product extensions across our core SemiTest business where our install base now tops over 12,000 active systems. As you know, we have cracked into the cellular test space in LitePoint as well this year. So the new product momentum for everything that touches mobile consumer products and the Internet of things is doing well. Now admittedly, our storage test lines have been impacted by the continued softening in PCs, and as a result, we scaled back in that area to navigate in the smaller demand environment. But the total package of company performance will again be quite solid. At this time each year, as the market troughs and as full year market numbers become solidified, the discussion turns to our outlook for next year. Now we'll have a better estimate on the level of recovery we expect when we talk next quarter. While we do expect to rebound, as that has been the pattern over the last 10 to 15 years after an individual year of tighter CapEx. Mark will go into some of the key technology trends in each area, SOC, memory and Wireless Test in a minute, so you have some added perspective on the drivers in each of these markets and how we are positioned. I will end with a reminder that we continue to scan the market for sensible acquisition candidates. Greg will update you on how we want to remain financially capable of investing in assets that will strengthen our core businesses going forward. So let me turn it over to Greg, and then to Mark for their comments today.
Michael A. Bradley: First half of that John is, yes, it's -- we ended the year at a run rate that was lower than the prior year coming in. And we had a very strong tooling year in mobility in 2012. So if you remember back 3 quarters from now, we were projecting a down market. It actually came in at the low end, a slightly lower than the low end of our range at that point.
Michael A. Bradley: Tim, I don't think it was just a Q4 phenomenon, but you are correct that the market is at a lower run rate in the fourth quarter -- I'm talking about SOC now -- run rate than it's been since the fourth quarter of '08. So a chunk of it was fourth quarter decline, but certainly, at least half of it was a lower rate as we came into the year. And I think it's just the digestion period here just continued on through the year. Now -- so yes, the market is lower than we would have had if we had come in the full year at about $2.2 billion rate. I think the other side of that coin is our trough position is higher than it was a year ago. And our second half incoming order rate is higher than -- will be higher than it was a year ago. So lower market, better performance and as we come out of the trough, we are in a better position than we're last year at this time.
Michael A. Bradley: Chad, the contour we think will mirror what we saw last year with Q3 as the low point and new orders coming in at a slightly higher rate and -- but we can't -- we don't know at this point exactly how much difference there is, but the turning point looks similar, #1 and #2, for us it's off a higher base.
Michael A. Bradley: Back on SOC, which is the biggest SemiTest market. The market share position at any point in time is a function of segment shifting and from gains or losses in new accounts. And so, at any point where we say our market share is X, there's a plus or minus in there, because a piece of that is segment related. Overall, the segment shifts towards mobility are helping us, #1. But #2, this is gradual account-by-account, socket-by-socket work that we've been doing over the last few years and that's the other piece. Roughly, that's half to half, but if you went from 1 year to the next, and you just -- you could see some movement up or down in our market share. The point here is, the biggest part of the market, which is mobility, we've gained ground in that and mobility has become a bigger piece of it. So overall, we are getting 2 things that go into the market share gain.
Michael A. Bradley: I think 15% is definitely a possibility because what 15% represents is at a slightly below $2 billion market that gets you to $2.3 billion, so that's very much a possibility. Just a recap of the numbers for the last 6 or 7 years ago, $2.6 billion, $2.4 billion, 2009 is $1.3 billion, a big correction year, but then it's back to $2.7 billion, $2.5 billion, $2.6 billion, and this year just under $2 billion. So 15% is definitely in the cards, higher than that, if it goes back to the sort of the 2.6 highpoint that we've had in the last 3 or 4 years.
Michael A. Bradley: Well, first of all, on applications processors, certainly in 2014, it's likely that there'll be migration to 20-nanometer that doesn't in and of itself drive much of a change in the test capacity demand. The only issue there is if there are yield issues, like there was with 28-nanometer a year ago. It can drive a little bit of overcapacity bind to accommodate the lower yield, but then that corrects itself in the following year. On average, it doesn't really change, so it’s kind of a blip, if anything. So the return to applications processor, yes, it will be 20-nanometer, but it's more driven by unit growth and complexity. On the LitePoint side, LTE is the opportunity that opens up customers to reevaluate their suppliers for cellular test. So as LTE becomes a larger and larger portion of the cell phone market, those are the entry points for LitePoint to get in and demonstrate the superior capability of their product. It's not so much there's something unique about LTE, but it really is the technology change that gives us the entrée.
Michael A. Bradley: The non-HDD businesses have been running. If you put them together, they have been running $130 million, $140 million in top line for the last couple of years, that wouldn't be a bad number.
Mark E. Jagiela: Thanks, Greg. I would like to spend a few minutes outlining our strategy and mobility as it represents about 2/3 of our revenue since the start of 2012. It's no secret that the growth of semiconductors for mobile devices has been a bright spot. From a Semiconductor Test perspective, it drives about 50% of the market today, up from about 40%, 4 years ago. Low power DRAMs, NAND FLASH, image sensors, applications processors, cellular modems, WiFi, GPS, and battery management are just a few examples. Right around the corner are enhanced security devices, more sensors and an increasingly diverse set of wireless protocols. In both Semiconductor Test and LitePoint, the majority of our R&D investments have been aligned to these trends. It's not just the unit growth that's attractive, but also the leading-edge complexity and technical innovation in this space that gives us the opportunity to develop unique test solutions that provide high differentiation for both us and our customers. One example of this is in Wireless standards where complex modulation schemes like 802.11ac and LTE Advanced are emerging. Combining this technology would shortened time to market, almost a vertical production ramps and a near 0 defect quality target puts extreme demands on a tester. Our UltraFLEX provides the total package and leads the market in these applications. It's combination of low-noise signaling, hardware acceleration and an intuitive, almost addictive environment that tames this complexity is what has earned us over 50% share of this growing market. That philosophy is the same at LitePoint and is behind both our leading position in WiFi test and our breakthrough this year in cellular testing. Open up a LitePoint product and you'll see the same innovation applied to making complexity simple in the hands of our customers. By working far upstream with chipset providers, LitePoint harnesses this insight into an architecture of optimized signal generation and measurement modules coupled with performance-tuned software algorithms. Whether it's enabling MIMO, AC or LTE, LitePoint leads. While the LTE and 802.11ac wave is just starting, right behind it are 2 more mobility trends where we are focusing our R&D. One is the emerging market for FLASH with high-speed interfaces driven by multimedia applications and smart devices and SSDs. Our Magnum test system, is winning share because it's architected to meet the needs of FLASH interface speeds reaching up to 800 megabits and beyond without sacrificing any economics. The second trend is advanced packaging for mobile devices, where multiple chips are combined in a single package. In memory, we're seeing growth in low-power DRAMs, which require rigorous at-speed testing at probe before being assembled into these advanced packages. That plays right into the design target of our UltraFLEX tester, which has the speed, accuracy and signal delivery to yield these devices in production environments. All of this is adding up to share gains that will pay dividends in future years. Over the last few years, our SOC share is up about 5 points, memory share is up about 10 points and LitePoint share is up as well. So as Greg noted, we look very carefully at which markets to invest our R&D dollars. The focus on mobility in SemiTest and LitePoint has been very beneficial as we're well aligned to this growing market. We'll continue to use the same rigor that drove that alignment as we look at future investments to attack new market opportunities. Now back to Andy.
Mark E. Jagiela: I don't think the growth of low-end smartphones really has a big positive or negative impact on the test TAM. This was a year to digest a tremendous amount of capacity that was put in place in 2011, so as that has all worked its way out and the cellphone market and mobility keeps growing, we think that next year, we'll get back to a bit of a more normal market environment.
Mark E. Jagiela: That's all tied -- a lot of it is tied to product introductions that incorporate AC, high-volume product introduction. So it's hard to prognosticate, which particular quarter that might affect, but one of the things to keep in mind is, in 2013 this year, although few mobile devices have an AC embedded in them, about half of the testers that we ship, will have -- will be AC capable. So there's already some amount of tooling going on for future proofing testers to enable them to test AC in the out years. There's is still an install base that will need to be upgraded, but it's not 100% turnover when the world moves to AC.
Mark E. Jagiela: But the one thing I will add to that, though, is it kind of correlates seasonally, but the real driver are new product introductions of our customers. So if there were early-year announcements of new products that tends to drive Q1 bookings sharper versus later-in-the-year announcements would push that out a bit, that's the key thing.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, I think that we expect to be able to continue to increase our share based on the technology trends I talked about, which are high-speed interfaces and known good die for DRAMs, but overall, I don't expect the market for memory test to grow very much even though there's a lot of fab capacity being added. So it's kind of a flat $500 million market. We picked up 10 points a share. We think we can pick up additional share next year based on the technology trends.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. I think the only thing -- well, Greg alluded to this earlier, but what's unique about 2013 compared to last year, for example, or the year before, was the applications processor tooling that occurred in the second and third quarter of the prior 2 years was really absent this year and that's what sort of skewed the numbers this year compared to the last 2.
Mark E. Jagiela: Okay. I'll take that one. The overall cellular and connectivity test business that LitePoint participates in has been dramatically growing for the past several years. This year was sort of the first year that in recent years has been kind of an optimization and digestion year of all of that capacity. Long-term for both unit growth point of view and technology evolution point of view, it's a growing business, it's a growing TAM, but any given year, it's so tumultuous around how customers may be focused on optimization versus technology buys that it's hard to call any given year, but long term, we see the trends all positive.
Mark E. Jagiela: It's the -- for years and years, the memory market has seen both unit and bit growth, but not test or TAM growth. And the 2 trends you talk about, this year for example, we've seen reasonable tooling for DDR4 already occurring. And despite that the market's going to come in at about $500 million. And for the low-power DRAMs, the real shift that's occurring isn't the fact that low-power DRAMs are going into mobility, but they're moving more and more from package-on-package type applications to bare die. That's the technology by the shifts, final test -- testers to wait for probe. And so it's, again, a shift of the sort of emphasis of where the testing occurs and not so much of growth on the total tester market.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, I don't want to get into any one specific competitor, but it's certainly a very robust competitive space. And with the market going through both technological change and digestion of capacity, it provides opportunities and challenges for everybody to find the growing spaces. Now LitePoint has had a unique approach to the market compared to just about any other competitor by having these purpose-built, production-focused products for the market. They don't come from a heritage of building lab equipment and then trying to optimize them for production, they go right at the heart of production test. So that's been the unique position we've had in the market, but the competition is tremendous and will not, because it's a growing market and because it's attractive, it's not going to change.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, I think as Greg said, most of our growth will come from capturing new cellular business. There's certainly a underlying balloon in the connectivity space around AC, and by the way AC, when you talk about a standard like AC, there's an initial introduction of AC that tends to be fairly straightforward in its implementation and that's what you are finding today in some cell phones, but the standard is immensely complex and has an evolution that drives additional test requirements over its adoption over 10 years. So the AC chips you see today will be very different than the ones you see in 2 to 3 years and require much more sophisticated testing. So that balloon is there, but I would say the emphasis, in terms of the growth, comes more from picking up share in the cellular space.
Mark E. Jagiela: If you talk about the next -- this quarter, fourth quarter, there's not a lot of disruption that can occur or we see occurring on the downside. So I don't think we see much of anything on that and it's reasonably contained at this point.
Mark E. Jagiela: I will give you some rough numbers because market share isn't super precise, but roughly speaking, in SOC test, our share is about 45% of that market in total; in memory test, it's about 25% in total; and LitePoint is the most difficult one, because there really isn't a clear picture of the total market, there's no developed infrastructure around that, but our internal view of that is we're somewhere between 25% and 28% of the Wireless Test market.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, we've looked at the handler business, as you might expect, for quite some time, and the fact of the matter is in handling, there is a very wide diversity of handler types that customers need to accommodate the wide diversity of package types, and so no 1, or 2 or 3 handlers serves a very large part of the market. And we've taken a philosophy that we need to adapt our product to a wide variety of handlers and be best-in-class at that, as opposed to trying to narrow it down to a sub subset of the market and focus there. The other thing about handling is, it's a pretty low barrier-to-entry business. When you look at it as a business, you see emerging players in far regions of the world like Korea. The profit pools are low and it's very hard to make a profit in that business. And the experiment that's been run for a couple of decades now at Advantest where they've had handlers as part of their portfolio, really hasn't changed anything, strategically, in the market. So again, I don't see that as something in the short term, never say never, but it's not something that we see an attractive place to differentiate.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, it is a trend for both SOCs and memory. From a tester point of view, potentially, you're right. A lot of the capability that existed at final test -- wafer test traditionally was a somewhat cursory straightforward screen and then all of the performance characteristics were tested at final, and there was a diversity there for the test equipment at each node. A lot of that capability's being pulled back now into probe test. And it's not just -- you can't just take a final test tester and now redeploy the probe, you need to have the signal-delivery capability to get the same stability down to a device through a probe interface that you are able to do at a package level. So it is migrating back to an earlier node, is a fundamental shift.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, it's a complex equation, so what happens is, let's take -- when people do known good die testing, it's because they are going to assemble those die into a - some kind of a multichip package. So at wafer test, the test time and the test criteria goes up. At final test, that assembled package that might have 2, 3 or 4 bare die in it also gets tested for performance, and that test time and that complexity is quite large as well. So it's really close to a 0-sum game, possibly a little bit of an adder, because you need to do performance test now in both package and probe.
Mark E. Jagiela: It's quite early. A lot of WiFi chips are tested right now -- wafer level package for added known good die level. Memory is just, just starting and SOC as well. The real thing that will unleash that is either the substrate or the TSV stack die economics comes superior to sort of traditional packaging we have today. Once that economic equation can be solved, it will take off rapidly.
Gregory R. Beecher: I'll add one thing quickly, the part of the market that impacted us the most was the application processor segment, where there was a very large buying in 2012 and that was the digestion that took place in 2013. We believe in 2014 that market will come back and we'll have a good amount of business in application processor segment.
Gregory R. Beecher: We have no reason to think seasonal patterns won't hold. We have no greater insight other than just looking at past seasonal patterns and they seem to play out year after year.
Gregory R. Beecher: Jim, most of our growth would come from cellular test. We have very high share in connectivity test. Of course, we can get some more, but we have a very strong position there in connectivity. So the opportunities for us will remain cellular test for the next several years.
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, we focus much more on we could control. We know the market, maybe -- who knows where it's going to be next year. We really don't know. We know AC, at some point, will drive some buying, but we don't know when, as Mark mentioned. So there -- and MIMO is going to drive some buying, so there's some favorable trends, but what we set our sights on are cellular tests because that greenfield for us where we have some big break-ins but there's some other opportunities that are very significant and we have a very strong offering. So that's what we're doing and we'll see what the connectivity market does next year, but again, we have very strong share and a good position in that market.
Gregory R. Beecher: We don't have that many cellular customers, but we have multiple. But that's not what is causing us not to give guidance. We just think it's a mistake to give guidance for LitePoint after it's been in our fold for a couple of years. It's had spectacular growth. It's way ahead of any plan and any 1 year, depending upon what wins the day, whether it's productivity digestion or the positive trends, that can move the market in any 1 year quite a bit. What we are confident on is that we can continue to grow market share for the next some number of years. We don't see anything in our way that would stop us. So we are much more focused on market share and we don't truly spend time trying to figure out what the market size is going to be next, because it does not really change what we do. We have focused on what accounts we're going after with what products and what teams are supporting those accounts.
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. Of the semi services bookings, almost -- give me one second. I'll get back to you in a minute. I can't -- I don't have it right now.
Gregory R. Beecher: We will be more focused on getting -- increase customers, that's where our sights are targeted. Almost every other factor is a variable that can go in our favor or go against our favor. So if you were sitting in our shoes, I think, you'd be focused on the incremental customers that you are well aligned to with your solution set going after them. And that's exactly what we're doing.
Gregory R. Beecher: Patrick, we don't get that specific in terms of forecast for semi, but you have our total range for the fourth quarter.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. It should be lower and it is lower. A couple of months ago, we resized that business and now it's about $90 million we would need a year to hit a 15% profit target rate, so we did take some meaningful fixed cost actions to get the business in a position that it should be to be able to hit its 15% target.
Gregory R. Beecher: We're not going to specify that, but in our annual 10-K, you can see who that customer is if it holds up being 10% for the full year.
