Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. It's a function of OpEx growing slower next year than what it grew this year. We grew OpEx quite significantly this year purposely to get further ahead in distribution and at a stronger ecosystem. We don't need to continue with that same aggressive step-up next year. We would expect gross margins to be about the same next year. We've got some actions to lower material cost, but we're going to assume for now that that will offset any competition we see. And we see the sales growth very high, so the higher sales growth will – and modest OpEx increases next year will end us – should end us close to the 15% target. And you might recall when we bought Universal Robots, they were running at about 15%; but again this year, we want to get further ahead in distribution.
Gregory R. Beecher: No, it's not really Wireless Test. Wireless Test is down $100 million for the year. So, they're not a meaningful contributor to the top line or affecting margins quarter-to-quarter-to-quarter. What really is happening is – we've talked about our large customer, a concentrated buyer, and a lot of those tests are shipped earlier in the year. And obviously, for a large customer, the pricing is different than for other customers. And those systems were pulled in and shipped largely through the second quarter, so now we're going back to a more normal mix.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, we expect revenues to grow year-on-year, but LitePoint will be down anywhere $100 million neighborhood. So, it's down considerably; their market cut in half from $400 million to $200 million. So this is the opposite of what we saw a couple of years ago. And this can happen when you have a very large customer with 50%-plus concentration. You can get swung around quite severely. So, in the short term, we're going to remodel or renovate LitePoint and prioritize where we place our bets. But we have with other businesses; we'll get this one back on health and focus towards growth opportunities, and that's what we need to do as an operator of Wireless Test.
Gregory R. Beecher: They could, but I wouldn't expect those to be significant, C.J. I mean, LitePoint has very strong gross margins even with all these headwinds. They have excellent product differentiation but the market headwinds are so strong. So, it's a – I mean, there might be a little bit, but the margins are very healthy. So, I think the opportunities on LitePoint are more on OpEx.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yeah. I'll take the part of that. The Universal Robots' Cobot 3 was introduced kind of midyear last year. So, we're comparing against the six-month period in 2015, and there was a very small amount of UR3 cobot sales. So a new market was opened up, this tabletop UR3 market. Now, that market we had sales in the second half of 2015. So I think the growth in the second half of the year relative to the year-ago period. But for the year, we would expect to be 50% plus growth.
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay, good question. Let me take that one. Our operating margins are non-GAAP operating profit. The last three to five years has averaged 19% to 21%. This year, we'll be close to that. Now, you mentioned 2010, 2010, our operating profit was 28%. Now, keep in mind, 2010 was the year after many companies had very severe cutting in 2009, and it was questionable what the world would look like down the road. So, we cut very deep in 2009, and therefore, in truth, 2010 had a lot of makeup revenues and also a very low cost structure that we had. But back in 2010, we also lowered engineering quite a bit. We lowered a whole bunch of other cost. And frankly, we were operating at very healthy profits in 2011, 21%; 2012, 23%, but we have to also factor in what is our major competitor doing. Our major competitor at the same time was operating with very, very, very low profits, so we had to put some defenses or put more money back in R&D so that we could continue our leadership. So, there's a real kind of challenge that, as much as we'd want to get profits, mid-20s or something like that, we can't do that at the risk of opening up various accounts. So, part of our efficiencies, while they're very good compared to peers, we're always looking to improve them further, but sometimes we're constrained but what the other guy is doing, how much he's investing in R&D, how many apps people (44:26) he has at various accounts. So, I hope that helps to answer your question. The other thing, I think, different going forward is we talked about the other market had been declining for a long time period. We see that changing. So, we're going to continue on our same playbook that is gaining share, but that share gain didn't necessarily help us because the market declined, but thank God we got it. But had we not gotten it, it would have been a terrible story. But for us, they would grow earnings, so we finally have a market that's not declining, and it's plus – neutral to 2% or somewhere around there. That's a big change for us year after year after year.
Gregory R. Beecher: We're not entirely certain, but we want to be cautious with this community, because if it comes earlier, great. But we don't think – our guess is there will not be large volume production buying. If there is, that will be good news; but we just want to be cautious.
Gregory R. Beecher: We have good relationships at the major buyers and we see who's getting what. And what really has happened this year – I mean, mathematically, this year we will lose market share because our large customer, where we have high market share, is buying a lot less. So, mathematically, this will probably be the only year we lose market share, but that's because we're in a – with one customer very tightly and all the factors that we've talked earlier, including operational efficiencies, are playing out in that account in this year.
Gregory R. Beecher: As I mentioned in some of my comments, a couple of years ago we did shift our M&A focus to the A in automated test. We saw automation as a better place for us to get new growth because there are markets, such as collaborative robots, where there is very broad applications and there's many different industries. So, it's basically the opposite of Wireless Test where you had a 50% plus customer and we didn't see a competitive landscape at this point. It's sort of a new white space. So we are looking much more towards automation because we see automation can work next to our testers whether it's a Wireless Test, Storage Test, our Printed Circuit Board, but then automation next for the (53:15) tester is a small part of the automation market. So we like that factor, too.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yeah. That's a good question because it's getting pretty tricky, the tax rate. We have a mix of businesses that have very different tax rates. And you can see what can happen in a year like this year where LitePoint, our U.S. business, is down. Semi Test is doing quite well. Universal Robots is growing, that all pulls our rate down. So, one, it's sort of a good news-bad news. Our tax rate has gone down considerably to about 13% this year. We are doing work to kind of figure out what is it long-term when you normalize the businesses. But our rate probably will be closer to 19%, 20% on a long-term basis, perhaps less than what we thought earlier because we're finding more and more of our profits are offshore.
Gregory R. Beecher: I'm referring to 2017 to 2020, C.J. And 2017, I could be a little surprised, if it's possible looks like this, but I think LitePoint will healthier next year, and that's U.S. income.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah, I'll take that one. So, you're right, it's very difficult to call 2017 this far away. It's sometimes difficult even in the year, but there are a few things worth noting, I think. On the memory side, this year is quite a bit lower than it has been running in the past several years. There's a lot of tooling going on around R&D in pilot production for these high speed interface non-volatile memories. And it could be that if widespread adoption in mobile devices happens next year that the memory market would not only snapback to a $500 million level, but could be a $600 million level. So, that depends on close in decisions in mobility device makers in terms of rate of adoption, which we wouldn't see yet, but that's something that's certainly more probable than it's been in any of the past five years. On the SoC side, what Greg mentioned about complexity growth is true. We're seeing that the test time increases due to both complexity and something I alluded to, which is more of this sort of performance tuning algorithms that are being run on the tester, will moderate some of the even/odd swings we've seen in prior years. I think there may still be a bit of that, but it could very well be less steep than we've seen in the past.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, so, what we said earlier around the near-term outlook, which is the rest of this year even extending into next year, is that the rate of technology change in cellular and in connectivity looks to be quite low. However, millimeter-wave technology, 28-gigahertz up through 70-some odd gigahertz, opening up that band for both backhaul and mobile device applications is the next tooling wave. Now, it's a bit of a judgment as to when that will start. We're currently thinking that's 2018 for WiFi and more like 2020 for cellular, and that will result in another round of tooling surge in the market. So if you recall, I mentioned that back in 2012, the tooling surge peaked at a $1.2 billion market for cellular and WiFi combined, down to $200 million now; huge volatility, huge swing. The next phase of this, we don't believe, will get back to that $1.2 billion level. There's – because that $1.2 billion level was a combination of both technology and unit growth, but it could very well get the market back up in the $600 million, $700 million range for that wave across that several year horizon. So, that's how we're thinking about it. We still have very strong products, gross margin, differentiation, but just a very anemic environment. So, we will be focusing on that next technology wave.
Mark E. Jagiela: It's simply mix in Semi Test, is the piece because of a large concentrated buyer is taking most of their testers earlier in the year, Q1, Q2, so now we're back to normal mix. If you guys looked at our mix sometimes in – back in time, we used to talk about 54%, 56%. We'd bounced back and forth, whether we had an even or an odd year, because even year, we had the large concentrated buying. That got thrown off last year with the leases. But generally speaking, we have a very large concentrated buyer that pulls the margins down. When they're not buying in a particular quarter, we get back to a more normalized margin.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. So the extent that applications for NAND or non-volatile memories grow, it universally helps our memory test business, and that's an area of strength for us in flash, especially these new high-speed flash interfaces. As it relates to the SSD itself, the unit, that one's a nascent market still. It's been roughly 20%, 25% of our Storage Test business the past few years. And we are hopeful that that would, at some point here, start to move north. But at least for the most recent, let's say, two-year to three-year period, it's been steady at about that level. And so the real question will be, as more enterprise applications of SSDs grow, which tend to have higher capacities, higher test times – longer test times, will we see the market start to trend there. But right now, it's, I'd say, still a pretty small piece of a market and piece of our business.
Mark E. Jagiela: We didn't talk about 2017, we didn't give numbers. I think the question was – that was asked was, do we expect 2016 to be up from 2015. And we said, yes, 2016 should be up from 2015 even with the Wireless headwinds, Wireless being down $100 million.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. What I said earlier was in memory, there's definitely some upside next year. And I mentioned that going back to $500 million market is – looks pretty good, and we could be as high as $600 million depending on the rate of adoption and mobility of some of these new flash technologies. And in SoC, we certainly see moderation in the even-odd year cycle because of complexity growth giving us more test time plus parallelism, as well as this performance tuning aspect of the testers. So, I gave a range of the market, 2:1 to 2:5, (37:37) kind of, but beyond that it's just too early to narrow it.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. So, both of those markets are relatively weak compared to prior period like this, and our market share and our product position there is very strong. So it turns out we are disproportionally impacted if those are soft markets and we're disproportionally benefit when they strengthen. So, the issues – there was some significant tooling last year in power, linear. We had a very strong year there. So I think this year, in that aspect, there's been some digestion. In MCU, it's really just low growth. The end pull-through demand for MCUs seems to just be at the moment flat line. There is some expectation that applications in IOT would propel growth of MCUs and MCUs with embedded RF, and that's something we've bet on, it's something we've got a good product position for, but it's not a market that's truly taken off yet. So last year, big year in power, this year, down. MCU is kind of flat year-over-year but running below the trend line.
Mark E. Jagiela: And I think in other – we did in the first half of the year about $42 million of sales in UR. And so, to get to $90 million, we're talking about $48 million in the second; and to get to $100 million, we'll be talking $58 million. And at this point, that looks very doable, and there's certainly – given the growth we saw from Q1 to Q2, there is certainly upside to that as well. But at the moment, that's how we're modeling the second half.
Mark E. Jagiela: And one other thing I would add is, as Greg mentioned, we have turned the corner on OpEx in our core businesses. If you look at this year, our core businesses, OpEx will be down. UR, the new opportunity, with high growth is up. But across the next several years, we do expect OpEx improvement in our core businesses. That is part of the equation here.
Mark E. Jagiela: So, were heavily concentrated in flash versus DRAM. I think on a revenue breakdown, we're probably 80%/20% this year toward non-volatile. So, that's the first part. Second part is next year could be a big year. So, I mentioned it could go from $400 million this year to $600 million next year. That's, on a percentage basis, a pretty big jump over 2015 and, on a normalized $500 million basis, a 20% bump. That's a rough bogey, but what would drive that? It would be a majority of cellphones adopting these high-speed interfaces. The bit rate growth is certainly one thing, but we've been in a high bit rate growth environment in NAND for many, many years and that's yielded this stasis of about a $500 million Memory market. The interface change is the real interesting technology shift here and the adoption of that is the wild card for next year. If it doesn't happen next year, it will be the year after. So, it's coming. It's hard to call next year.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, it is, frankly. The things that drive – the complexity growth tends to be centered on large digital content devices and their peripheral devices. And lower lithography nodes enable that and also create this larger, let's say, process variance equation that have to be solved with this other trend I mentioned, which is more extensive trimming and optimizing the part it tests for performance. So all of that gets concentrated around some lithography node migration and growth of transistor count. In analog and in MCUs, really, there hasn't been as quick of a migration to lower lithography nodes and more transistor counts. So, it's a slower trend line there.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. I don't think this is an issue of the tester will catch up. It's really, will – the question is how long will the transistor growth continue in these devices, because the transistor growth and the lower lithography node migration are the two key factors. So, certainly, over the next – how far – we have visibility on that at best 18 months out. We have roadmap information to suggest it could go another three years to four years beyond that. But, frankly, after that, nobody – our customers don't have a lot of clarity there. So, I would say pretty good certainties over the next couple of years, reasonable, maybe three years to four years, and after that we're really speculating.
Mark E. Jagiela: The majority is SoC test. The SoC test is a larger market. We have higher share there. So, that's where we see the significant majority of it coming from.
Mark E. Jagiela: Look, it's hard to be precise, but if you – it depends – our units up, we'll get to those units, there's a lot of factors, what's going out with test time, what can be further down with operational efficiencies. So it's less clear. But we, at this point, just want to signal that we would expect probably a flat market with this year, next year. We may be surprised, there may be upside because units are up with a new product, and that would be wonderful. But at this moment, we'd just rather be cautious in terms of what is – what we have high confidence in in the next 24 months.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. So, there is a variety of advanced package types. But in general, that change or that shift is a relatively small component of what we see driving the business. It does inflate the tester demand for a small class of devices by maybe 10% because of complexity issues with that package as well as some efficiency of parallelism with that package. But it's still, we're talking about 10%-ish of the market. So, even as it proliferates into other types of devices and other manufacturers, I don't think that's going to be a key driver, whether it happens quickly or slowly to our business. The main key driver is this complexity, growth, the reduction of the impact of parallelism and this performance tuning aspect of the devices.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, yeah, the key seasonality or core issue this year is that everything has been shifted by about a month. And because our revenue swings can be 2x from the trough to the peak, it has a significant impact at the quarter boundaries. So, a little bit of what traditionally would have been third quarter orders and shipments moved into second quarter orders and shipments this year than in the past several years.
Mark E. Jagiela: Historically, LitePoint has had higher gross margins than the company's average. I think of LitePoint more as a software business with hardware but heavy software content. So, they've had very good gross margins, always have. Where gross margins have been under pressure a little bit is cellular, but when you put the whole thing back together, the gross margins are strong at LitePoint. Where we see the opportunity to get the operating margin back to health, and by the way, the operating margin, after the OpEx, has been above our 15% target ever since we bought LitePoint. So, historically, it's done well. So, what we now need to do is look at our OpEx and make some priority changes in terms of what programs, what technologies, what accounts, what are we going to pursue because it's strategically fits our strength in what do we not do. So, we've got an exercise underway to figure out how we reposition Wireless Test or LitePoint back to health and growth.
Mark E. Jagiela: We will be trimming LitePoint expense going forward. When it hits numbers, probably hits the numbers in the fourth quarter, but we would look to trend those expenses so we could have a healthier business.
Mark E. Jagiela: Okay. Thank you, everyone. This concludes this call and we appreciate your interest to Teradyne and look forward to talk to you down the road.
Krish Sankar: Yeah. Hi, I have two quick questions. One is, can you characterize the NAND solid state drive test opportunity you see over the next couple of years? And would that flow through both your, I think, your storage test and your memory test business? And then I had a follow-up.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. And then I think I missed the earlier comment. Did you guys say, in calendar 2017, your SoC test revenues would grow or the SoC test market will grow? I forgot – I'm sorry, I didn't catch that comment.
Krish Sankar: Yeah, on 2017, given that the usual odd year, but looks like there are some positive in terms of test time and like advanced packaging.
