Greg Smith: Hi, Mehdi, this is Greg. So the composition of the TAM in the mid-term model, if you compare this year to last year, I think the biggest change is that we think that the that the compute part of the market is going to be at a higher level, than we did last year. And we think that the mobile portion of the market is going to be up from where it is now but will not be at the level that we were modeling last year. So we believe that the pace of transistor density is proceeding basically at the same rate that we thought it was proceeding last year. The real difference is that the end market sort of end unit market predictions going out through the mid-term are a bit softer in this model than they were last time. And certainly, the impact of cloud and Edge AI in the market is a relatively new factor and is strengthening the compute part of it.
Greg Smith: So there are sort of two comments in my prepared remarks. One talked about socket wins for VIPs. And those socket wins are in both cloud compute and in EDGE devices. And the right way to model that is perhaps a little bit starting towards the end of 2024, but definitely hitting much more seriously in 2025. The other reference that I made was for an SLT win for a compute customer, and that’s definitely something that’s going to take until 2025 to build to material volume.
Greg Smith: That’s – sorry. We – because most of the – there are a number of players that are designing their own silicon. And typically, a big portion of those are the hyperscalers, but there are – there are players in that space that don’t fit the traditional hyperscaler model. So like a large integrated automaker or people that are doing custom silicon development for their own handsets or customer devices. So we prefer the term vertically integrated producer, but you can read that as hyperscale.
Greg Smith: So, hi, this is Greg. Our historically largest customer, we’ve said that like in 2023, they are going to come in at under 10%. Looking forward into 2024, our base case, again, has them at less than 10% of total revenue. Right now, our visibility into their second half demand is quite limited. And we usually have a better picture of that in the April time frame. So if we get any better information about it, we will share it at that time. But the thing that you should think about is that there isn’t there isn’t much downside to our base case around anything that happens with our historically largest customer.
Greg Smith: Sure. So the leading indicator that we tend to look at most is really around utilization rates. And right now, those utilization rates are low, but we did start to see OSAT utilization start to tick up. So they are still below normal seasonality, but they are definitely improving. And we believe that they could reach sort of the point – the levels that would trigger buying by the third quarter of this year, if the trend that we’re seeing continues. The key end market trends that we’re looking for is unit growth in smartphones and PCs. PCs have been in a real pit. And so just from a refresh cycle, we’re expecting to see that recovering a bit and that would be a tailwind for us. The thing that we also saw in the fourth quarter was that utilization came down a bit in IDMs. And so they are primarily the – that’s where most of our business is concentrated for Industrial and Automotive. So we saw the Industrial part of that start to weaken in the second half of 2023. And then late in 2023 – late in Q4 of 2023, we also started to see Automotive begin to weaken. The – our model right now has that that’s a relatively short lull in demand. And we think that that’s mainly driven by the fact that new model year introductions, every year for the automakers has a significantly higher attach rate for electronics and that’s driving a pretty good CAGR in the Automotive Semiconductor market. So we think the fundamentals are good to drive growth in Automotive. So we think that this demand lull is going to be relatively short.
Greg Smith: So the – in the prepared remarks, I was referring to system-level test wins for Mobility and for Compute. And if you put that into context, the customer that we won for Mobility is not as large as our primary SLT customer, but they have the potential to drive significant volume. In Compute, that’s something that’s going to take a while to take off. The device plans basically for SLT, it was a hyperscaler customer in Compute and the volumes for those devices is going to start at a relatively small level and then increase over time. So I don’t think that any of those in isolation would rise to the level of our historically largest customer, but it’s more additional incremental tailwinds for us.
Greg Smith: Hi, Vivek, this is Greg. So first of all, let me talk a little bit about client versus data center. As far as we can tell in 2023, most of the Test capacity adds in Compute, were really in support of data center. That the client market has been very, very quiet. Looking forward into the future, we think that the capacity adds required for cloud are going to moderate a bit. They have added a ton of productive capacity in 2023, and that is going to be felt in higher-end volumes in 2024, so they are at sort of a new high watermark in terms of that part of the market. The client side, there are two things that I think are going to accelerate things. The first is that the unit volume in PCs is at a very low point right now. There is really nowhere to go but up. And the other is that we’ve been seeing the push in large language models in AI, primarily on the training side right now. And looking at the roadmaps for our customers, they are putting a huge push on custom silicon for Edge AI inference versus the training part. So, I think we are going to see a shift over the next 3 years, to a much more balanced market, whereas 2023 was dominated by data center, as we get out through this mid-term, it’s going to be much more balanced between data center and client. Now, in terms of the modest size, the thing that I want to just – I want to try and provide a little bit of context, that if you look back to the high watermark for the total SOC TAM, back in 2021, it was about a $4.9 billion market. And in that $4.9 billion market, less than $1.2 billion of it was in compute. Now, fast forwarding to this year, the overall TAM is down to $3.9 billion, and compute is representing of $1.3 billion of that total. Now, as you look into 2024, that’s a very high level that it’s at right now. And that level supports significantly increased production for these devices. The last thing that I will point out is these devices are big and complex, and they have a high test intensity. But the unit volumes are relatively small, and the margin, the margin in the end market for these devices is very high. So, the revenue that compute makers are getting on these devices is pretty great. But it means that the number of testers required to fulfill that revenue demand is a little bit lower than it would be in the mobile space.
Greg Smith: Yes. So, first, just a quick comment on China. The news report is really nothing new. We have had a multiyear effort going on to increase the resilience of our supply chain. And that involved moving production locations for some of our products. We still have an extensive supply chain that is in China. We have over 600 people in China. We are competing for business and winning in China. And I think that it’s a good headline, but there is nothing new in that story or in our commitment to that region, as a place where we expect to grow. So, on the mid-term model, if you look at the – if you look with a longer lens than you are talking about, we have been in this market for 60 years. And we have seen the dynamics of the market as it comes out of downturns. So, in coming out of 2001, coming out of 2009, and then, again, the COVID-related demand increase in 2020. It’s not that unprecedented to see significant growth in the years following a downturn. And looking at the state of the end market for mobile phones, and the end market for PCs, we really expect to see a pretty good snapback. The other X factor that I think we are becoming increasingly confident in is how generative AI is going to impact complexity of devices. So, we were really kind of wondering what was going to be the next thing that drove complexity at the in handsets, in cars, at the edge. And it appears that the technology is incorporated in these large language models and the amount of compute that they need to execute is something that is a very positive tailwind both in the mobile and the compute part of the market. One final reminder is, as you look at this, when you think about Edge AI, a lot of that is going to accrue to growth in the mobile part of the market and the automotive part of the market, not in the compute part of the market.
Greg Smith: Sure. So, I think it’s really fundamentally two things in Q1. One is much lower volume, but then really product mix. Say, product mix is a little bit of a bigger driver, nothing more than that. It’s product mix and volumes.
Greg Smith: So, I think the – there is no real change in our strategic priorities. And so our strategic priorities has always been to look for accretive investments and opportunities to put free cash flow to work for our investors in the most effective way. We didn’t take our eye off the ball on test, when we were talking about our industrial automation business. And as a matter of fact, over the period of time that you are talking about the industrial automation business was accretive that we were making money, and that IA business had a rough year in 2023, mainly because of end market conditions. So, we haven’t changed our strategy. The thing that’s different and the thing that really motivated the investment in Technoprobebe is that there is a trend in the test market that is drawing the tester and the interface closer together. And that’s really driven by the complexity and performance in the end market. So, if you look at the data rates that are required for SOC and memory devices, if you look at the bandwidths required for RF devices, if you look at the number of devices that customers want to test in parallel, all of those are driving a tighter integration between tester and interface. And by establishing a partnership with TPI, we believe that we were going to be able to achieve an advantage in terms of unlocking value for our customers that exists in the technology that Technoprobe has in those interfaces and our testers have in their architecture. So, I wouldn’t say that the – like the Technoprobe investment reflects a change in strategy, more it reflects the fact that we have been monitoring the trends in the test market, and we discerned an opportunity for us to do something great for our customers and our investors.
Greg Smith: So, I think I will end up phoning a friend with Andy here in terms of what we have said in terms of projected TAM for that market.
Greg Smith: Right. And we have said that has – there is modest growth in the overall Compute segment over that period of time. So, both, we are going to see a slight decline in sort of the traditional compute part of the market and this $400 million to $600 million of new hyperscaler VIP. The way that you can think about this is we are always putting up a good fight to try and win share in the traditional compute space. But we really think that our opportunity is to gain share in that $400 million to $600 million chunk. And what we have seen is, we are like – say, we are at below 20% share in the traditional market. In terms of socket wins, the sockets that we see in the market, and we are competing for, we are definitely winning more than our fair share. So, we are winning the majority of sockets that we are targeting. And so we are very hopeful that we will end up with a pretty good split inside of that $400 million to $600 million.
Greg Smith: I think it could represent upside to our view. But the thing that I will remind you is that if you look at the memory test market, we typically break it up into four chunks. So, two types of memory DRAM and NAND Flash and then the wafer sort and then the final test. Our highest share is in the final test for both DRAM and for Flash memory. What we have seen in 2023 is technology-related buying in those spaces, and that has been a great tailwind to our share in that market. What we don’t have clear visibility into or real forecast from our customers is how much capacity they are going to need to add at wafer sort. So, that’s not a technology-driven retooling space. That’s something where they can use the same testers for new generations of parts. And they need to have production volumes that drive additional acquisitions. It’s entirely possible that our competitor has a better view into the long-term needs in the wafer sort for some of those customers than we do. So – and it’s also possible that we have not seen the benefit in that part of the market. So, I am pretty confident in our – in that we have a good view of our memory business for 2024. I think there is an upside potential depending on how much capacity add is required as the memory inventories come down.
Greg Smith: Hi Samik. So, in terms of the long-term model, our goals remain kind of consistent for our robotics group that our target performance is 20% to 30% growth and our target profit is 5% to 15%. What we have said previously and what we are still operating to is, as we are watching the growth develop in that market, if it appears that incremental investment is not yielding higher growth rates, then we will feather those back to try to increase the profit range. But as long as we believe that we are at this low penetration and there are fruitful investments that we can make, we would prefer to make those investments and continue to drive growth. The key thing that we are doing in operating that group is we are really focusing on maintaining high gross margins. So, we are in excess of 60% gross margins for the group now and we are intent on keeping those gross margins at that level so that we have the option to sort of dial the profit that is appropriate to the growth rate we are achieving.
Greg Smith: Okay. So, you packed a lot of parts into that question. So, let me start unpacking it. So, first, in terms of competitive position, right now, we are roughly splitting the HBM test market with our competitors. So, if you look at overall share, that’s a positive to our share that there are multiple competitors in the overall memory space. But the HBM part of the market is pretty much a clean split between us and our competitor. In Q4, we think HBM represented more than 50% of our memory shipments. So, it was a huge factor in that quarter. And in terms of growth, we think that there is the potential for growth that there are new HBM competitors that are coming on the scene. So, there is both a unit volume growth. I think that a lot of that – the capacity for a lot of that is in place now. But there are also standards changes, HBM3E and HBM4 that are coming, and those are driving retooling for performance tests. And we think that, that is going to be a potential driver for us in the back half of the year in memory.
Greg Smith: Well, I think, the key thing that is limiting our optimism is that even though we had a really great Q4, we had a really great Q4 because we introduced basically a blockbuster product. 24% or so of our revenue in Q4 came from that product. Underlying that, there is still some fundamental weakness in the industrial end market. And there are predictions that, that is going to ease, that the demand is going to come back relatively strongly. But we are entering Q1 of 2024 with PMIs at a relatively low level and a fair amount of some regions that are quite quiet. So, we have optimism for continued growth through the year, both quarter-on-quarter through the year and each quarter in comparison to the year prior. But we are coming in with a relatively low Q1. So, we wanted to be careful in terms of where we set the bar for growth for the full year.
