Gregory R. Beecher: I don't think we can break it down, Satya, for us right here. What I'll say is the strength from a product standpoint was in the high-performance end of the product line, the UltraFLEX end. We had quite an increase in that demand. But the low-end digital, the microcontroller types of applications were -- remained quite weak. On the linear analog side, those also were -- are also remain very subdued at this point.
Gregory R. Beecher: The orders are strong in certainly in Asia, Korea is strong. We've had a strong mix -- some of this is on our web site, guys, if you want to look at what we've posted but you can see bookings in Asia. Fourth quarter to third quarter they were up 51% to 67%, so very strong pick up there. And it really is being driven by the mobility smartphone segment and that's the segment we have very, very strong share, so we think we can ride that wave and hopefully pick up some more share, but also we think we're in line with the guys who are winning in those segments.
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay, SOC we think ends up at, hang on, 2.5 if -- we're still estimating the fourth quarter, but 2010 was 2.6 or -- between 2.6 and 2.7 for 2011 down slightly to 2.5. All of that back-end decline. And then memory, the total market for memory is 740 in 2010 and just over 600 in 2011. About 620, and we'll see how that shakes out as the fourth quarter finalizes.
Gregory R. Beecher: I'll give you a range. For planning purposes, we think that memory stays in that $700 million range, $600 million to $800 million but for planning purposes, I think $700 million wouldn't be a bad number to use. And it's a bit wider range in SOC; anywhere between $2.2 million and $2.6 million. If you had to pick a number, I'd pick $2.4 million.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, it was. The $28 million is under our watch. It was actually a little over $30 million; maybe $31 million to $32 million. It was a full quarter and we didn't have these GAAP purchase write-downs for service deferred revenue. But yes, it was profitable.
Gregory R. Beecher: I think the one thing that will -- can push it in the coming year or 2 years, the lower power DDR devices. That's the one thing I'd call out.
Gregory R. Beecher: Jim, we'll continue to pretty much stay the course we've been on, which is to keep some dry powder for possible, possible acquisitions that meet strict criteria that can leverage our distribution or technical capabilities. Those opportunities -- we found 2 in 2008 and 1 in 2011, so there's no set time when you can predict those opportunities are available. So we do think it's prudent to have a good buffer. We're constantly looking at capital allocation with our board, so it's an ongoing discussion. There's no imminent plan to do any different, other than what we've been doing. The close M&A has worked quite well for us, we like that, and buying back stock at opportunistic prices works well, too. But we'll continue to look at all other options as time goes on.
Gregory R. Beecher: 46% this quarter. Last quarter 28%. So that's where we've seen the big increase in demand. Subcon orders doubled from Q3 to Q4.
Gregory R. Beecher: Right. As the fabless companies who are participating in the mobile sector have driven these, the new tooling, the leading-edge tooling, the subcons are -- they're moving strongly at this point.
Gregory R. Beecher: I think the contour, we need a few quarters to get under our belt here. But if you look at LitePoint business in the past, I think our prediction here is that the middle 2 quarters of the year will be stronger than the first and fourth quarters.
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. LTE business is a very significant opportunity for LitePoint. The market for LTE or I'll say cellular, is probably 4x connectivity. And this business connectivity with LTE requires all new testers because of the increase in microhertz and different modulation schemes. So there is a big new tooling required. LitePoint has testers in the field now doing that type of testing. So we think it's a very, very good opportunity over 1, 2 year period that we're going to pursue very aggressively. And that's also behind some of the added investing -- investment we're putting into LitePoint this year.
Gregory R. Beecher: Hi, C.J. This is Greg. On the model we put out a quarter or so ago, $250 million of revenue we had a 50% gross margin. I think throughout the year, we're going to be a point above/below, maybe 2 points above/below. I think you're going to find us on both sides of that as the year goes on, at the start of the year because of high storage test buying or on the other side of it. But when that buying comes down and if other buying picks up, whether it's analog or microcontroller, I think that moves it to the other side. So I think it's going to move up and down throughout the year and we've just started off a little bit on the other side of it right now.
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg again, C.J. I think some of that with the early signs we think can be showing up the latter part of this year. We hired a country manager who used to work at LitePoint before, incredibly capable guy, he's off and running. So we are building a team around him.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, for China particularly. So I do believe there will be signs of progress as the year unfolds. I think more of it will show up in 2013, but there should be some business in '12 that's directly a result of investing, the infrastructure, the people, the talent and our new leader in China.
Gregory R. Beecher: I don't think we break it out and I don't have it in front of me, but the profile of the customer mix, the one thing that has changed in the quarter-to-quarter picture has been this increase in the subcon end of it. I don't think there's a change of any note with regard to the mix, the components of foundry inside it.
Gregory R. Beecher: I think it's a 2-year, 2 to 3 year exercise of demonstrating the product, showing it has strong correlation. The cost, the simplicity, the throughput, that's easy to demonstrate that correlation takes some time. So we're out there now and making progress and these sales cycles, design cycles are long, so some have started. So I think there'll be some progress this year. And they'll be progress next year.
Gregory R. Beecher: Tom, that's the quiet place. There's really been no movement. Automotive, microcontrollers, those are very, very -- they're not dead, but they're quite dormant. At this point, the capacity utilization for the market overall, testers is maybe a touch under 80%. So you've got an overall install base that's got some idle capacity and I think that would be centered on the microcontroller, automotive space. No projections at this point when that will pick up, so it's really hard to tell. But I think you correctly characterized it as a market that's got some cylinders that are hitting very hard and that are -- where capacity utilization is very high and the demand for extra capacity pushing. But there are these pockets, and the ones you pointed out are the softest ones.
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, it's been slow. Frankly, the DRAM space-- we're very well positioned in FLASH, we're moving our Magnum product into the low speed DRAM test, so that's been some growth for us. That's one of the components of gaining share. And then we do have a pretty good position at the very high end of the DRAM test space. But really the CapEx in those spaces is very small. We continue to watch and hope that, that will move more quickly. This low-power DDR capacity need which we think starts in 2012 may be a place that can dislodge what's been a pretty dormant growth rate in that space.
Gregory R. Beecher: I don't think so. Any consolidation always puts a pause into things as the inventory of testers gets rationalized. But I don't think it stops the work that we're doing on the design end because this is a place where we've got low share, therefore consolidation doesn't change too much the 80% or so of the market that we are not currently in.
Gregory R. Beecher: I don't have the forecast broken down here in front of me, but we'll still see a chunk of subcon. So I don't think we retreat back to the level we had in the third quarter. Whether we can -- whether it'll continue to the level of the $100 million flat level that we had in the fourth quarter is yet to be seen. But the subcons are the place where the growth in the Fabless mobility companies push, so that'll continue to be a decent purchase in the first quarter. But I honestly can't tell you whether it's going to go above we had in the fourth.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. Last year, if you remember or go back a year, we were projecting that we could operate in the $80 million to $120 million range. As we worked through the year, that was obviously -- was moved up for us because we were really very successful at breaking into some new customers and getting production buys in those customers and then expanding the applications with the Neptune was doing. So in fact, 80 plus% of our business last year came from new customers, new applications. As a result, we topped the $120 million mark and as we entered this year, we've said that our projection for the year is at the top end of last year's range. In other words, about $125 million would be what we expect to be able to deliver in the course of the year. Now we're only 26 days into the year, so we'll update you as we go along. The one thing I would say is that just because we've had this early demand, that hasn't changed our view of what the total market might be, but we certainly have a larger piece of that $125 million in house at this point in backlog. So we'll give you an update as we move through the year as to whether that moves up a bit.
Gregory R. Beecher: We think LitePoint's gross margins will be better than Teradyne's. Will they be as good as they were in the past? Not sure of that. It's possible, but certainly better than Teradyne's.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. Power Management, mobile processors, wireless, baseband, image sensors, those would be the top 3 sectors for us this quarter.
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, the majority is existing customers. But it's new sockets of existing customers, so there's always a new component and certainly in this case, it would be new sockets of the last year that are driving this new business. Pat, you had a question as to what ...
Gregory R. Beecher: It's pretty concentrated because the leaders in the space are pretty concentrated. So he said, the specifier list would be a small list. It fans out into the subcon. So it's a broader set of actual name customers with purchase orders, but it's driven by a concentrated market.
Gregory R. Beecher: I think those are more general economic drivers rather than next big thing drivers. I think you just have to soak up the capacity as the IC growth continues, and that gradually happens during the course of a recovery. A wide range of usable electronics. So I think there's any one thing to look at there to spur a big uptick in the capacity utilization. But as it turns, it starts to -- and it starts to turn up, then you get the obvious -- the inventory buying.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, the thing we wanted to be sure that people understood was that our business, in terms of replacement of Teradyne business, there's really been no replacement of Teradyne install base. Our systems, the customers were -- utilized our systems and those systems were kept, essentially kept above the flood level. So we don't have an insurance spike in our demand. Now, do we have -- was the install base of other testers affected? Obviously it was. So some of our demand, we think, it's a positioning where we're able to get some of that business. How much? I don't know exactly, but a piece of our business goes into -- is therefore flood related, but I wouldn't characterize it as directly Teradyne Neptune replacement business. It was none of that.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. I think the past really gives you some idea of the projection for the future and that is, it's a low growth sector in total. But inside the market, there are segments that are clearly growing so as the market -- the path that -- the total market, we don't think, has more than low single-digit growth. But if you look at the sectors of wireless, mobile, even automotive, microcontrollers, pure logic and linear, that set of customers, if you take the 100% of the pie, we think that over the next few years, those sectors gain about 9 points of share of that pie, while the PC related sectors will be losing about half of that 9 points and then the shifting of 1 or 2 points in lots of other sectors. So we're not counting in our strategy for the overall market to grow. What we're counting on is the sectors that we're focused on to grow and that's been happening. And we are also counting on just this relentless socket design win strategy to be able to nip away and to take fractions of share points just through hard work. So that's fundamentally what we're looking relying on versus top -- total market growth.
Gregory R. Beecher: Very good question, Iyer. The OpEx synergies will be insignificant. We're doing small things such as using they're going to use our HR system and we can help them hire people faster. Small things like that. We have some engineers speaking with their engineers sharing RF ideas, roadmaps. So there may be longer-term synergies that may help the customer. But in terms of cost synergies, I would say close to 0. It's more they avoid costs they would've incurred as a public company. They avoid those costs. And we're going to invest in LitePoint for growth, given their market share is 13% or so and they have disruptive products and there's these discontinuities which basically customers have to re-evaluate a whole new tooling decision. The past fleet cannot do the job. So we want to lean into LitePoint aggressively because there is so much, so much upside. So we look forward to speaking to you throughout the year in terms of how we're doing against that growth plan.
Michael A. Bradley: Well, I'm going to take a little bit broader time perspective on it. We were in the low 30s percent a few years back, maybe 5 or 6 years back. We said last year as we had -- I shouldn't say last year, 2010 when we had a very strong surge in market share, part of that was driven by our position in the mobility segment. Last year PCs were stronger, so we dropped back. On average, as we said at the last call, we're in the mid-40s, 44% or 45%. And we do think we've gained share in that what you call high-end, what we would call the mobility product end of the business. We think our share movement has also had -- other components have been in other mobility related products like image sensors and in the microcontroller and truly digital low-end space where the J750 remains a very strong product with over 4,000 systems installed. Finally, in all of this has been the Eagle test product line, so on the performance analog side that has kicked in as well. So it isn't a one-horse kind of story here in terms of the share gains, but we do think on this high-performance mobility space, we certainly -- that would be the lead -- the lead product with the UltraFLEX in recent couple of quarters.
Michael A. Bradley: Let me quickly add to that. The 2011 SOC market had a lot of PC buying, which we don't think will be anywhere near that level in the next year 2012. So it was not a good mix of business for our portfolio.
Michael A. Bradley: We prefer not to mention customer names, but we're certainly well tied into smart phones and tablets.
Michael A. Bradley: Mehdi, the sizing in that 2.5-inch space which is where we participate, we see that as a $200 million to $250 million -- somewhere between $200 million and $300 million a year market. And that includes commercial as well as in-house test platforms. And we think that size is about right. Last year and for the coming year, hard to judge growth rate inside that, but a $200 million to $300 million market is the way we size it for our own R&D and planning purposes. I think that migrates somewhat towards commercial going forward because the commercial equipment alternatives now, I think, are -- have the potential to outpace the in-house designs. But I think that will be a slow transition.
Michael A. Bradley: Well, let's see. As we enter the year, it's unusual. It's very different compared to the last 2 years. And that is that the accelerated ordering, part of it caused by the Thailand flood and the positioning for market share moves in the year has put the order pattern very front loaded. At this point, we haven't adjusted our view of the total market size just because the first part of the year is looking stronger than prior years.
Michael A. Bradley: The color would not be some big mix change in systems and service. I think we're similar quarter-to-quarter on systems and service. The total market numbers tend to be, they come in the door a little bit later. So the trend lines that you see, and I think they're on our website of the market numbers, don't show any recovery yet. The story that we've got is that in the latter part of the fourth quarter, we have a very strong push for this leading-edge high-performance UltraFLEX based product for this next generation of product launches during the course of 2012. So that's very fresh news for us. It doesn't show up in the macro numbers at this point.
Michael A. Bradley: Well, Mehdi, I'm glad you took a shot at it because I'm not going to take too much of a shot at it but I will say that, and I'll just talk SemiTest SOC for a minute. The recovery, we typically see the 50% decline in the cycles. We've seen that, we think that profit is behind us, that would be point 1. The other thing I'd give you to flavor it a little bit is that while the long-term picture 2012 is uncertain, in the short-term, the way we're playing it, is to put a little extra capacity into the first quarter slot plan. And I would read that as the kind of signals that there could be some upside in the very short term that we're trying to respond to. I don't know whether to extrapolate that beyond the numbers I said for the total market but in the short term, we just want to be prepared if it continues to be a strong push, especially at the high-performance end, leading edge end of the product line. That's one of the reasons we have a wider revenue guidance in the quarter.
Michael A. Bradley: Let's see. The other components of the defense business and the Commercial Board Test business and in total, that's about $125 million of business. Those tend to be slower growth businesses. Commercial Board Test is not a growing market, but we've got a small and healthy business there. Defense, going forward, we think can grow to the tune of maybe 5% with a solid bottom line. So I don't think they'll be big engines of growth for us, but they'll be healthy players in the portfolio.
