Mark Jagiela: Okay, I'll start with that. The other place that we mentioned that there's some near-term softness is in auto. The auto sector and Tier 1 have hit some headwinds and that's principally in Europe. What we're doing and what we can control is we see for example, enabling technologies that can open up new markets that haven't been served very well. And the best example I can quickly give you is with the Energid path planning and low-cost vision modules combined that with our arm. You can do more sophisticated pick-and-place applications all the way into a bin, emptying a bin out and then taking some part and moving it to the next step in the production line. There are many tedious task in manufacturing where people do that and it's not really suited for a person. It's mind-numbing and it's more of a robotic-type task. So we expect on that front to have a bin picking solution towards the end of this year through beta, so I think that we'll probably start to ramp in 2020. So that's not in 2019 that's in 2020. But that's illustrative of how we can with enabling technology open up another market. Another quick example I'll give you is MiR, our mobile robot which is growing 100% and that takes a little bit of -- and obviously helps us with the IA growth rate considerably. But MiR has opportunities to get into hospitals. And there's many hospitals in certain countries, in Asian countries that may be built and they're going to perhaps heavily automate those hospitals. So we see there might be other verticals that these next-generation technologies can work quite nicely because they're so easy to use. You don't need to be an engineer. So there's many new verticals. We have a lot of developers opening up other applications that we might not have thought about. So we're also shifting a bit more resources in North America. So if China is soft, there might be a little bit more activity elsewhere that's making up for some of the softness So we see some opportunities in North America in the near term And North America grew very nice last year, so we're going to continue to put the foot to the metal there.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, this is for again Semi Test. So the visibility is not great. Again from a bottoms-up point of view, we have customers who talk about their plans, but they change – as they did last year on the upside, they can change dramatically to the year. But it's not really modeling prior downturns as much as looking at the bottoms-up activity levels and design and test time trends and what customers are telling us, that kind of give us that range.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So our largest customer – this is Mark. Our largest customer in 2017 was roughly in the low 20s as a percentage of our overall revenue. 2018 largest customer is going to be in the low teens and we expect this year to be the same. So we think there's not a big snapback. It's about the same year-over-year for that customer.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So there's a couple of things there. So last year there were several events, I would say, that benefited, as Greg mentioned, our competitor that didn't benefit us that we think will revert more to the mean in this year. So although our largest customer sort of flat year-over-year. For example, in 2018 there were some of our competitors' customer that made a shift in foundries and that required a one-time tooling bump at the new foundry or test equipment for that supplier. So that's a one-time effect that will revert back to the norm this year as an example. The other example is RF and 5G products that are starting to build momentum tend to favor us. That's a sector where we have high share, quite a bit above the norm. And as that grows in proportion to the overall market we will benefit disproportionately. So that's two examples.
Mark Jagiela: It's probably a range but we're not going to be immune to being down probably. But we could be in let's say somewhere in the five to low teens down.
Mark Jagiela: I think that part of the issue with 2018 was we didn't get the big second quarter bump, we typically got from the mobility tooling because of the large customer effect. And as Industrial Automation becomes a larger portion of our business, they tend to be bumping up in the fourth quarter. So over time, we're going to see, I think more of a shift toward the second half of the year because of IA. And one other point even in this last most recent quarter, LitePoint had a very strong second and half of the year. So IA, less lumpiness in mobility, I think will kind of start to balance out the full year more. It was a little bit of a trend towards fourth quarter bump.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. That's a good question. So 2018, roughly 29% market share in Memory Test. That was the beginning of penetrating wafer test in 2018. So in 2019 we expect to bring that up to sort of 33% in that range. And then in the midterm we can get to 40%, with the introduction of this high-speed DRAM package tester as well as continued expansion of the wafer test.
Mark Jagiela: Well, I think I would never directly wish for that. But you have -- there's a bit of truth to what you're saying. We are developing the market in terms of creating market awareness and creating demand, a latent demand that's out there, but there's no precedent here to ride on. Now early in the cobot era, the company Rethink Robotics that recently folded, led some of the evangelism around the cobot market that UR rode those curtails and then surpassed them dramatically. And we're at the tip of the spear now blazing that trail. And it is one of the principal challenges we have it's awareness, it’s market awareness delivers growth. All that being said we're working on a lot of things this year to enhance that. Our lead generation capabilities are developing rapidly. And we're not going to wait for a competitor to do that work for us. We’re actually step a lot of the OpEx that Greg’s talked about here is towards that end.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. The market itself last year have finished in the $900 million to $1 billion. We'll sort it out in the next few months as to what it really was. But yes, so the market is going to be in that sort of phenomenally $700 million range. It's down 20, low 20s. I think we will be down much, much less than that and because of the share gains we picked up. So roughly the math you've done is right.
Mark Jagiela: In terms of size of the market? Yes. Again, like memory, we're still a few months away from having final numbers on that. But our estimate, it's in the $2.9 billion to $3 billion range, is how it ended.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. Yes. So I think, let's start with mobility, because it's the biggest piece of the market still. So in 2019 mobility, I think, will be down a little bit, because of some of the one-time effects I alluded to earlier. I think our business will be roughly flat year-over-year, but the market itself could come down a couple hundred million, because some of this one-time tooling that occurred in 2018 around some foundry shifts.
Mark Jagiela: So that's a significant part of that reduction. The automotive and linear I think are going to be pretty – from what I can tell today, linear could be off of this sort of all-time high it was in 2018, but not much. It may be certainly 10% or less is what it would look like in the model. And automotive look still pretty healthy, so flattish. So that leaves other areas such as PC-related, GPU, cloud-related things and that should be down in that sort of 10%, 15%, 20% range. So we add those up because of the $200 million-ish drop in mobility, because of these one-time effects, that's how you get to the TAM.
Mark Jagiela: I think it's timing. In terms of the recent commentary, the effects of that is -- to the magnitude and the effects of that would be, we're probably still three months away. But in 2018, the unit and complexity growth both were very encouraging. And things like unit growth could tempered here, complexity growth I don't think is abating whatsoever. So the recent quarterly announcements from some of the key analog players if in fact was in effect that we're going to feel from that is probably yet to be -- it's probably in second quarter.
Mark Jagiela: Most of it in terms of new investment it's high speed. For sort of commodity old-school DRAM, there's not a lot of capacity expansion. Old-generation equipment can sort of the waterfall back there. So anything being bought tends to be for high speed.
Mark Jagiela: I'd say, one of the things we've seen in memories and flash, especially and sort of derivatives of flash is a lot of diversity in the protocols of I/O. The internal sales structure and such aren't significant in the impact to the tester but the I/O protocols are. And the products that we've developed for flash, the thing that's allowed them to be so successful is how quickly we can adapt them for these higher and higher-speed emerging protocols so that applies not to the cross-point type products and all these products.
Mark Jagiela: All right, well, great Thank you everybody and we look forward to talking to you in the days and weeks ahead. This concludes the call.
Greg Beecher: Well, that's a good question, Tim. The way we're running our Industrial Automation, particularly Universal Robots, less so MiR, because MiR is at high growth, at least for the next couple of years, is we're starting with a plan and we're putting a target of 15% operating profit with the understanding of the sales growth lower than let's say 28% or some number like that, that they had to meter the OpEx and not bring it all onboard. So we're going to adjust OpEx. Now as you know, OpEx can get in front of the sales. So if we get in front of the sales too much in the early half, we're going to have to hold back much more aggressively in the second half. So this will probably be the first year where there'll be a bit more pressure to prioritize, if we find that we're not – UR hitting 28% and I think we're going to hit 28% or that neighborhood. So we're metering it, is the answer in short.
Greg Beecher: John, I would say the single biggest thing is sort of the here and now, meaning the fourth quarter growth rate over fourth quarter -- a quarter ago was -- UR was 28%. Now the prior quarter was 46%, quarter before that was 45%. And for the year it’s 38%. So we just want to be a bit more cautious. And we don't want to be on the side of defending a high-growth rate. We'd rather be on the side of a very credible growth rate with possibly upside. That's how we thought about -- but I don't want to reset the model every year. We'd like to reset it now. And this model can stand the test of time we hope.
Greg Beecher: Absolutely. The opportunity is incredibly large. We have no doubt it'll be a $1 billion business. It's a question of what year. I think we've talked about in the past, large companies tend to be slow in adopting. But at some point they're going to be forced to adapt to be competitive. If there's more jobs in higher-cost regions, the way they can do that is with automation. If it's inflation you need automation. So there's so many factors. There's demographics, worker shortages. So all the ingredients are there. It's just the adoption rate. What is the adoption rate? There's always ways of adoption. And as we bring new enabling technology that opens up other solutions, I think you're going to see other people jump onboard.
Greg Beecher: It's hard to be certain. But if we have to say the contour, it would probably more like 2018 than 2017 is how we think about it.
Greg Beecher: Right. So first of all I'll just contrast. There's traditional Industrial Automation that is tightly, tightly tied to macroeconomic effects The segment we're in which is emerging and still although quite small and growing rapidly, although not immune from because we talked about automotive in China has such a vast ROI opportunity set ahead of it that it's really not going to be subject to the strong macroeconomic effects. So for example, we're talking about $260 million of IA revenue last year for cobots both mobile and fixed. When we look at the bottoms-up analytics of how many opportunities there are out there in small, medium and large enterprises to achieve automation using our products with ROIs well under 18 months and in most cases under a year, we're talking about 10s of billions of dollars of opportunities today with capabilities of today's cobot. When you add some of the new capabilities that Greg alluded to around vision, the ability to pick pieces out of bins without human interaction that doubles. So we see this opportunity set of $100 billion, of which $260 million-ish has been tapped. That's what gives us the confidence. And that's the overarching sort of pull for the product that will not be immune to macroeconomic effects but will over the long term certainly run the growth rate well above the mean.
Greg Beecher: Hey, C.J., it's Greg. Thank you for your nice comment. Its 261, so it is the actual, not the pro forma, just to clarify that first point.
Greg Beecher: Okay. And then the growth rate does pickup in the second quarter. And similar to last year's second and third are kind of similar. And then, this is our estimate in fourth quarter, we have our strongest quarter, so it does pick up through the year.
Greg Beecher: C.J. there were no one-time things. We had – we didn't have a large customer buying which pull margins down, so we have for more favorable mix. But our supply line group has done a lot of work with Universal Robots, and starting with MiR next, to get better supply arrangements, tool sources, lower material cost. So I think it's a good pick shovel work that has improved the company's P&L. If you go back several years, we were 54% to 56% gross margin year-after-year. So we've really moved it up a couple of points. So it's good performance. And we're going to continue to work on the material cost down and try to get more. But sometimes when we get more, it ends up going back to the customer in competitive shoot-up. So we're still glad that we got the more, so we can at least pull through margins where we are.
Greg Beecher: The wireless businesses here, we have gotten some 5G key strategic designing business. They are less about the dollars, it's more about we're in the key chipset players. And, therefore, when it does go to production in 2021 or thereabouts, we've got the best position because we're the best in production. So we're a little less focused on the dollars, but its millions of dollars we've gotten in 5G. We have had very good business from other standards and in Wireless Test there's a plethora of new technologies, new standards. There's multiple even in 5G technologies. There's WiFi 6 coming. So we've talked about LitePoint being in low and having pretty good financial performance for being in the low, having good profits and good gross margins. I suspect for the next several years, LitePoint is going to be tailwinds at their back after having headwinds for three years or so with all these new standards coming out and you need new testers for these new standards, and LitePoint is the leader in production. So I think LitePoint puts us in great spot for the next several years.
Greg Beecher: It’s a good question. In the 35% to 40% growth, UR would be about 28% because MiR is about 100% growth, so MiR is helping YOUR. And keep in mind 28% is probably the lowest growth rate UR has ever had and that was the quarter from Q3 to Q4. That's a very short time period. So we think we've got UR in at a reasonable and maybe cautious level but there are some uncertainties ahead in the next quarter or two.
Greg Beecher: Yes. 5G TAM, there's a couple of pieces to it. LitePoint, we think starting in 2021, there's a little bit of activity prior 10s of millions. But the TAM for LitePoint is probably $100 million to $150 million higher for several years starting in 2021. This is a production portion for 5G. And then in the Semi, when you put it all together it's probably $300 million to $400 million. That includes $100 million to $200 million for the RFPs and the data processing piece makes up the balance to make $300 million to $400 million. And our share is quite is very healthy in Semi. We probably get half of that. And then in LitePoint that's – will be determined. We're not big players in 4G but we're early in 5G and we're working with a number of the key set -- key chipset players so we expect to have meaningful share in our 5G cellular at LitePoint. And it's also multiple standards at LitePoint. There's 6G coming first and millimeter wave coming later.
Greg Beecher: Bin picking, if you look at the number of people that are doing these tedious mind-numbing bin picking tasks, it's both the number of all other tasks. It's a very high number of tasks. Now the first bin picking machine or solution we're going to provide is going to be able to do much more than any other bin picking machine because it has half planning in it, so it can pick the option at the right post, doesn’t have to put it down again. There's more likely to be able to empty a bin and play some powerful positions. So it's going to be a step function above what's available today Now it'll take time to train the distributors and the integrators so there's a rollout period that'll take time. There might be some parts whether they're too shiny or they have a odd configuration that we may not go after right away. But it's a very large market that I suspect is going to be a beginning of a multiyear large wave of bin picking and probably new advance grippers developed by some for the capability that we're providing. But we're excited about it because we saw this many years ago as an enormous untapped market that was hard to get to. And with Energid, that was the missing piece. And low-cost vision modules have come to market. So the pieces are there. Now to do it – now we're just finishing up the user interface and making sure it all works seamlessly at the right speed and so forth. So very excited about it and I think you'll see 2019, the beginning of early part of that wave. I'm sorry, 2020.
Greg Beecher: It's a incredibly healthy pipeline. This is a space where there's many start-ups. It's a whole new Greenfield, so there's next-generation technology. There's a number of software players. It's hard to synthesize precisely what's out there. But what we see is, companies that can fit with our next-generation automation that is automating tedious task. There's other pieces that could fit into our portfolio. But I'll add there's nothing we need and what I'm really excited about is in some of our products, you take MiR this year, MiR has expanded into the MiR500, so they've expanded their product line into heavier payload. They've also expanded into hospitals. Now the more we can take our existing products and get into new markets or submarkets that's probably the highest ROI. But there very well may be some other nice pieces, another Energid is possible. The path planning should open up bin picking. That's more of an emerging technology that no one else had. Vision was available. We weren't going into the vision. So there's other – it’s a little bit of the chess game. There's other pieces that may be possible that we buy them and accelerate them or we just work with them as a partner. There's a lot of that work going on our BDL group to try to figure out what's the next best chess move to make.
Greg Beecher: There aren't minuses right now that we have in mind. There is, I'll say there's more new accounts in Semi Test around AI [ph] that is a whole new battlefield that'll jump off. But I think what I had in mind when I put those numbers in is in Universal Robots there's going to be very large customers buying cobots in some volume. And I expect when that happens there'll be better competition we'll be up against. And we'll be competing for kind of the design in for the next 100, 500 or some higher number of cobots. And that's what I'm thinking that while we’ll get material cost down, some of it will be diminished by some of the large account negotiations.
Greg Beecher: It does shift year-to-year quite a bit depending on the pricing of the commodities our memory manufacturers going to shift investments toward NAND or for toward DRAM. But I would say as a general rule of thumb, the final test of DRAM is about 20-ish percent of the overall Memory Test market.
