Mark Jagiela: Sure, I think there's general trends and there is specific applications. But overall these packages require, as I mentioned in my remarks, much longer test times at probe in order to guarantee high yields coming out of a probe situation before they're mounted on that substrate. So what we expect to see is the probe test times will increase. Then for the integrated package itself, that will vary depending on what's integrated in to the package. But in general, if you look across probe and final insertion, the number of test seconds applied to the total part when it ships to let's say a phone manufacturer will be proportionately up as compared to the prior generation. So it may be up 10% or so. That's how we've modeled it at the moment. As it plays out next year we'll get a better read on it.
Mark Jagiela: Overall system test was strong this year because of storage test. And as we look forward, storage test is positioned reasonably well now with enterprise drive and SSE application. Wildcard for us is what I described as the system level test applications which are less storage related and more long cycle time burn-in applications. So on a baseline, I'd say we look at next year in that segment roughly flat with this year with the upside that's the system level test could provide a kicker. The combination, it's really too early to tell if the combination between Western Digital and SanDisk will matter in any significant way to us but that's how we're looking at the overall business.
Mark Jagiela: Two things. I can't comment at all on what any particular customer's plans might be. But in general I'll say two things. First, Teradyne as it relates to tests is reasonably indifferent in terms of impact to our business whether the technology is adopted or not. It shifts more test seconds to probe as I described earlier but net-net it's not a big swing factor for us. We think our product, the UltraFLEX has some advantages in advanced packaging tests but not a big swing. And second, do I think even though it's been around for 10 years, are we at an inflection point or adoption point in general in the industry? I think the answer to that is probably yes. The economics are improving quite dramatically it seems and the miniaturization of benefits are also compelling. So I would expect if we look over two to three years that you'll see a much faster adoption of advanced packaging than we've seen in the past three or four.
Mark Jagiela: I think it's a reasonable point that usually when a new process note is introduced, there is a little bit extra bind of capacity for fuel issues surrounding that new node. So next year the absence of any dramatic step in lithography might dampen somewhat the peaking, but what happens when it peaks in the past is the following year it gets amplified in terms of the absorption of that expert capacity as yields improve. So if it does dampen slightly the peak next year, it will serve to raise the following year's buying. So long-term trend, the node issue doesn't inflate the long-term market. It just amplifies the peaks and valleys.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. I'll take the first part of that. LitePoint I'll start with is very healthy on a bottom line profit rate-wise and has been able to gain market share year after year as a very production optimized solution. The competitors tend to come at it from a different DNA whether it's an R&D, DNA or other type solution and it's not optimized for the problem at hand so I expect LitePoint will continue to do quite well at production testing albeit that market we can press. So what has LitePoint done to improve their lot in life? A year ago they got designed in to a bunch of the Asian up and coming cellular players. Unfortunately a number of them have not done terribly well this year so we have initial design wins but there hasn't been much activity for anybody over there. So we'll continue to monitor that situation and hopefully improve our position when buying does eventually return. But we've also have introduced some new products. Some we'll talk to you more about in the future but these new products will take some time to latch. And they will open up new markets and we expect the LitePoint high differentiation production optimized DNA will show up in these new products that you'll hear more about as we get into next year.
Mark Jagiela: I think if you look at - there's a broad spectrum of utilization depending on the segment. Some segments are incredibly tight and capacity is being added and pulled on quite rapidly here in the fourth quarter and others are black as happens throughout the seasons. So all in all to us it doesn't seem to be that different from prior Q4s that we've seen.
Mark Jagiela: Well again without being specific around any particular part or customer, I think that what we see at this point in the year are early samples from our customers where test program development occurring for parts that should ramp next year and we get a little bit of visibility into the test times and the sort of intensity of those parts that becomes much clear as we get into January. But as we look at it when we look at those early finds we see that the trends that we’ve talked about are continuing and therefore we would expect to get an even year type impact from a broad set of devices not just any one particular part but even on the cellular side with RF transceivers and such you see the proliferation of more frequency bans in phones. You see the adoption of more antennas and mi-mo. All of those things contribute to incremental test intensity.
Mark Jagiela: Yes that’s a harder one to read. Linear started out very strong, it’s cooled off a bit here. It's very episodic, is the history there and doesn’t follow a good pattern. So that piece of the markets I think standing here today is harder to prognosticate for next year. On automotive, I think what automotive is going to show - it’s historically shown is a very steady slow growth and the safety related enhancements to cars that will roll out over to next three to five years whether it’s autonomist driving or driver assistant. Well really I think impact the test side of life a couple of years down the road. When we were in 2017 and 2018 I think we will really see the automotive market take off for tests. Right now the devices are somewhat in early development. So, I would expect automotive next year to be about the same in a kicker coming in 2017 and 2018.
Mark Jagiela: Tim, the fourth quarter guidance is at this moment our best view of what will happen and as you know we tend to set the guidance somewhat cautiously given our history of least meeting or beating, but that’s what we see now and there are some customers that are likely get testers in early Q1 not late Q4 given lead times that we have now. Some of the orders seems to be coming in late this quarter, but we expect to be a good quarter so it’s just how to slop plan all shakes out and maybe there is a tad of conservatism added to it.
Mark Jagiela: We don’t want to talk about specific customer but other signals we can read will suggest we should be well positioned, so we feel very good about this mobility complexity jump, we think it will happen every way we look at it, it looks very good to us but I can’t get any more specific than that.
Mark Jagiela: Yes I would say we’ve seen no impact or slowdown or anything related to what is and will continue to be a lot of players trying to participate in the market but the market is growing rapidly. We are still leading supplier, we intend to stay there nothing from the competitors at this point has resulted in any impact we see.
Greg Beecher: This is Greg. If you look at market share over a multiyear period, you can see that we've been steadily gaining quite considerably and your point that the $100 million or so this year really probably belonged last year, so last year's SoC market share is actually higher last year, a little bit lower this year. But if you put this all on a trend line, you see the trend line is very clear that we consistently are gaining market share and it's from a couple reasons. One is we're aligned to faster growing segments, the healthier segments that have growth and we've optimized our product solution set around the requirements of those growing segments have and that's what's gotten us this steady market share trajectory growth.
Greg Beecher: I think for a long time now, almost seven or eight years, we've had a model about a point or so of market share gain per year in SoC. It never happens linearly and the market noise amplifies and shrinks that in any given year but we see the ability to move about a point of real market share a year up to at least in to that 60% range.
Greg Beecher: I'll take that one. Last year a good part or most part of demand was SSD. This year it's more magnetic or hard drive demand with some SSD demand. First on the hard drive side, as you probably know, we're the only freestanding merchant supplier so we have a very strong position with the three buyers that are out there. The only other competitor is captive now in Cgate. In terms of SSD we have multiple applications at a strategic account and we're speaking to other customers to see if there are test times and their volumes make sense to use our solution. It's early in that process. We do believe that market is going to grow for us. But it needs some time to play out and as again units and volumes grow and test times get longer, I think that moves them toward our solution.
Greg Beecher: And so I do think cover that a little bit more, the $200 million of new TAM we're talking about is really how we expect LitePoint to return to growth over the next couple of years. The traditional cellular and connectivity space, we expect the market size there will maintain its level. It's not expected to grow and it's expected to remain very competitive. But the emergence of this AD standard at 60 gigahertz is really different than the typical progression in Wi-Fi and connectivity of old where you went from G to N to AC. This is a very different application and a different test insertion in mobile devices and other devices that will emerge. So that's one. And protocol testing is another area where LitePoint has now participated in and we're now moving products in to that set of applications. So it's really TAM expansion with new products is the strategy at LitePoint.
Greg Beecher: This year we're returning significant capital $350 million, about that amount. And we're lowering our available U.S. cash to about $400 million, a little bit above that, and that's what we want to maintain as a buffer for some possible severe downturn which we don't see but every 10 years you kind of have an event. In terms of how we get the shares out of this range bound, we have plans to grow each of our businesses quite considerably that could get us in the midterm to a $2 EPS stock price. So the organic plan is job 1, and that includes Universal Robots is going to be a big contributor. Semi test is going to continue what they've been doing and staying on that trend line of share gain with some of the improvements in the market based upon parallel tests slowing down and intensity increasing. I think we'll give some help in the market size. And then we'll also return, every time we’ll return a bit more capital and that could take some shares out. So we have a plan that we're looking to formulize in the fourth quarter that will tighten up how we think we can get to $2 four years out and that very well could include another acquisition. It doesn't have to but that certainly could be a part of the plan as well.
Greg Beecher: The rough numbers are at the end of the fourth quarter if you look at our balance sheet carefully you'd probably see $50 million more of inventory. Some of it will be in inventory. Some will be in a prepaid account depending how the accounting works with our contract manufacturer. So about $50 million of more inventory in the fourth quarter. And we have high confidence with this demand based upon extensive very close discussions all along the way. We've been in a similar situation a couple years ago too, in the last odd year going in to an even year. So we've been down this path before and we feel good about it and this is also inventory that can be used across a broad set of customers as well. This whole even odd year has played out for many years because there's a bigger step in some of these new phones that come out in the even year, and that’s much more test time, greater complexity so we see that continuing and that drives ultimately the demand.
Greg Beecher: We think we factored everything in that's knowable in to the fourth quarter guidance. Some of the segments that remain strong are image sensor and mobility. So they're holding up. And we think next year should start off healthy. So we're feeling good about the first quarter even though it's some time away.
Greg Beecher: We have although we don’t spend a lot of time trying to do that because some of it is hard to bucket if it’s a wire, if it’s a land device is going into a PC application or some other application but in general as we look at our business roughly half of our business and slightly more than half is related to mobility, in some way, shape, or form in semi test and the SoC side. So figure somewhere 55%, 60% of our revenue comes from mobility related devices but that includes image sensors are in there, power managements in there, base band, apps processors there some linear in there, touch screen controllers, micro controllers there is a lot of things in there that roll up to that number. Automotive in linear are roughly about the same that may be somewhere between 15% to 20% each and we tend to be pretty low than in PCs but those are the kind of the four buckets we try to drop things in and watch.
Greg Beecher: As I mentioned – as we talked about them, Japan has been very good market for us. One of the segments there that’s strong is image sensors. So image sensor is a large part of that story.
Greg Beecher: You could actually look at our financials and you can see we go from 14 to 16, we go back and forth. So it can be roughly in that neighborhood. Now this year, we didn’t fall back for the reasons we outlined before but if this was the historic pattern we would have fallen back, close to $200 million. You can also see those are even years the margin percent goes down, but the dollars go up. So that's the pattern we were largely referring to.
Greg Beecher: It certainly could be up. You got to keep in mind, there was a 100 million of lease testers that hit this year that really were put in place last year, and that was more of a financing settlement this year but the capacity was put in place last year. So you might want to just think about that as well.
Greg Beecher: First of all that initial growth rate wasn’t predicated on any backlog. It’s a high turns business and sustaining 50% over multiple years is really presumes penetration in a wide variety of market. Now in electronics test area, one of the things we described there is that, the sales cycle for our customers, for these large deployments tends to be longer than the typical Universal Robots sales cycle to a small to medium size enterprise. A sale cycle there could be on the order of a handful of weeks or as with these large OEMs, it could be six to nine months because they're just looking at different scales and evaluated at different levels. So, we are in the middle of several evaluations that our customers those started in the third quarter and we would expect to see results coming there sometime early next year.  And at the same time, Universal Robots as I mentioned the example of Wistron, Wistron is a large ODM. They manufacture a variety of things, laptops, computers. They have electronics assembly. They’ve put 60 robots into a variety of tests around that piece. So Universal Robot on their own has been penetrating electronic assembly and what we would expect to see is around test some incremental business in early next year. 
Greg Beecher: It very well may but remember they will be running - next year we would expect them to be running at a 50% rate close to 90 million and so what we would add on to that is speculative next year but it’s probably in the first year in order of a handful of 5 to 10 million kind of number.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks. I had two questions. I guess the first question is on the fourth quarter. Usually, when you revenue in Q4 is somewhere between what you book in Q3 and what you book in Q4 and so for you to revenue midpoint of 308 roughly, it would imply that bookings have to be down and that seems a little odd given that systems should be up, typically up seasonally in the fourth quarter. So that would say that semi tests orders are to be down and yes things are bad for sure. We know that, but semi test orders in the fourth quarter are almost never down. So I am just sort of wondering if you can bridge the gap between your revenue guidance and may be what you expect from a bookings perspective.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, so I guess Greg just on that point, so that would argue, I mean it would sort to seem to say that Q1 may be that’s up a little better than a typical Q1 I mean, Q1 typically out but it would seem like it might be up a little more this year than typically is.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, thanks. And then just last sort of big picture question have you guys gone through and over the $1.1 billion which are getting from SoC have you tried to part this by end market and sort of focusing on how much that’s coming from the industrial and the automotive markets.
David Duley: So, if we would naturally apply that pattern to this upcoming year we might naturally looked at the SoC test business for you would be up at least $200 million.
David Duley: Okay. And then I think when you bought the Universal Robot business, you talked about 50% annual growth and that was without any - that was what was already in place with the backlog and the customers, the company already had.  I think it was your plan to add some larger electronics customers. Could you talk about what you’re seeing thus far on that initiative, and what kind of growth rate that distribution could add to that initial growth rate.
David Duley: So say it another way is, the growth rate could accelerate sometime mid next year based on you bringing more customers to the table.
