Michael A. Bradley: Good morning, everyone. I'm going to limit my remarks today to a short wrap up of 2013 plus a quick retrospective on how we've positioned the company for the future. As Mark will officially be taking over the reigns in about a week, I will leave the 2014 part of the story to him and to Greg, who will give you the financial perspective. 2013 is a good example of what we've done to make Teradyne more resilient in the volatile markets we serve. In a year of significantly reduced CapEx in our major markets, we've delivered a solid bottom line, improved our market share, launched a series of new products and improved our customer satisfaction levels. We exit the year at a higher trough than in last year's cycle and end at 2014 with expectations of a healthier climate, but still some uncertainty of how sharp a recovery we'll see. Our position across the mobility sector in SemiTest and LitePoint has been strengthened in the last year, buttressed by a very solid foundation in analog and consumer digital applications. As you know, this will be our fourth straight year of above model performance as we continue to outpace what last quarter I called the golden era of tests in the late '90s. This 4-year run has generated a 50% higher operating profit rate of that earlier period and over 3 times the cash flow. All with an average annual headcount at about 50% of the level of the late '90s. Of course, the more important comparisons are the current ones, relative to our industry peers. And I'm very pleased that we've made steady progress in market share, we've moved into the first tier of the broader semi cap equipment companies, and we've integrated some solid acquisitions in the portfolio. As important is the strategic reliance that our customers now place on us in a back end market that has sharply consolidated in the last 6 years or so. I hope that you see our leadership transition as a smooth handoff to a very capable industry veteran and a seasoned management team. Mark has been instrumental in getting us to the point we're at today, and I'm confident that we won't miss a beat in the next chapter. As this is my last earnings call, I do want to thank all of you who followed our progress. And I trust that you appreciate the continued power of our business model. We value the critical eyes you bring to our space and expect more of that in the future. I will say that we will continue to try and give you as straight a picture as we can, at times with a slight bias to caution, but I think that works and that you have us calibrated pretty well. So let me turn it over to Mark for his perspective on our recent results and how things will shape up as we enter 2014. And thanks to you all.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. I think, first of all the Wireless Test business, as I said, is a very volatile dynamic area. So it's a bit difficult to project trends there. But on connectivity specifically, there's a clear movement in what we see coming in 2014 to increase the complexity of the consumer devices as it relates to connectivity. So we've talked a lot about, for example, the transition to 802.11ac, but even within that, there's multiple technology, like MIMO, multiple-in, multiple-out antennas, that allow shaping of the RF signals or beamforming. That's the complexity level that will be entering consumer products over the next couple of years that will drive incremental test need. So last year, what we saw was early adopters had 802.11ac. A lot of -- a half of our shipments were ac-capable, but there was some amount of digestion of prior year shipments and capacity and optimization that offset some of the growth. And the new technologies really start to roll in this year and beyond.
Michael A. Bradley: ; Yes. So we picked up significant market share in 2013, 7 points of share in SOC test. And as Greg mentioned, half of that we would consider real customer shifting buying to Teradyne and half is a bit due to customers that we don't currently have being abnormally low. So our goals for this year in SOC test were essentially to consolidate and hold the share we gained last year, keep the 7 point share gain at 47% share. That requires us adding some new customers. That's in sight, but as the market grows, we'll grow proportional to the market. In memory test, however, we do have some line of sight there that says the design wins we've achieved in 2013 should continue to propel our share north in 2014. So we are looking to pick up another 2 to 4 points of share in memory in 2014.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, I think it's really timing. There's nothing significant I think in the March, snapping along at the end of March and is that a signal of something significant happening. But the one thing you've mentioned, for example, process maturity in fabs can drive tooling sometimes, both in excess of normal levels and sometimes earlier. But not necessarily something we see this year. That was something that was a little more prevalent back in 2012. So if we really get back to this year, the timing of new product introductions for consumers and the ramp times of silicon can be a little bit closer to the ramp times of end products because the process maturity there is a little bit firmer, as I would say, this year than it may have been back in 2012.
Michael A. Bradley: It only gotten greater diversification and we expect it to continue on that path. We don't break out concentration within a segment but we do it as a total company. But yes, we do have concentration at LitePoint. And we've invested significantly in Asia to grow our penetration in Asian accounts, and we had a good year this year. There's much more we think we can do next year. So we're optimistic as to how we can pan out in Asia.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, I think there is a couple of things you got to look at when you look quarter-over-quarter. One thing is that our third quarter of last year was actually a little bit stronger than some prior third quarter trough. So coming off of third quarter, as a relative reference, actually brings us to a higher baseline, than perhaps we were at in 2012. In SemiTest, that's an example, if you look at actual order dollars year-over-year, we're up significantly over 2012 in the fourth quarter and about where we were in 2011, as we were entering 2012. So I think the SemiTest story is, compared to 1 year ago, we're in a stronger position coming into '14, and compared to 2 years ago, about the same. One significant difference though is in storage test, because the storage test business has been very anemic and the orders there have been lumpy. And almost absent in fourth quarter of last year, on the storage test side, tends to make the company numbers look a bit weaker. But overall, I feel like the momentum we have coming into the year is much better than it was in a year ago. And I think the outlook, all signs right now are for a strong uptick. And what I mentioned earlier, the one thing that's hard to predict, is that going to be on an order basis, something that occurs through the March period or through the April period? Certainly by the time we are sitting here in May of this year, we'll have a very good line of sight as to how big the traditional summer peak will be for both the SemiTest business and the LitePoint business. It's just a bit hard to call the timing right now.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. I think cellular testing is -- has multiple aspects to it. Cellular testing occurs in multiple stages as the phone is manufactured. There is what might be considered verifying that the cellular connectivity is working correctly. There's calibrating the cellular connectivity. There's testing at -- in an over-the-air mode to ensure that it's working in an end-user model. So last year, we made significant inroads in 1 out of those 3 types of testing. So our goals for 2014 are diversified into the other types of cellular testing, those from the technology base that I mentioned and then, also the customer base. Greg mentioned a lot of the effort we're putting into Asia. We expect that to yield dividends here in 2014. So it will be an incremental share gain in cellular is our plan, but the diversity of applications we'll be in -- and customers we'll be in will continue to grow.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, I think in Wireless Test, there is really no new entrants or a new competition there. The dynamics going on in Wireless Test, go back to what I said earlier, really center around some technological trends with multiple input, multiple output, beamforming on the one hand, and then customers trying to optimize their existing capacity and reuse it on the other. So there's this tug-of-war between technological growth and trying to reuse capacity as much as possible. That's the thing that was difficult to call last year. That will persist a bit this year, but nothing new. No new dynamics from a competitive front.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. I think those are some tea leaves that are pretty hard to read. But last year, I would say it's certainly, abnormally low and off the trend line. And something north -- in that 1.2% area. 1.1%, 1.2% is probably more reasonable but there will be lots of factors that cause that to remain volatile. So in a year, where new lithography nodes come in heavily into semiconductor production will tend to drive it north, the buy rate higher. And years that mature technologies tend to dominate will drive it south. But, I think, on average of around that 1% to 1.2 % range is how we think about the trend.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. I'll say a few words on this and elaborate a little bit, but the sure way to think about the Test Cell, testers always get married with either a prober at wafer test or handler -- automated handler at package test. And over the year, so if you think about the tester, the useful life of a semiconductor tester asset can be 7 to 10 years. And during that life, the customers' evolution of devices and package types require them to be able to modularly change in and out a handler to adapt to evolving mix of package types and to evolve to perhaps higher productivity handlers. So the integrated Test Cell has never, in the history of semiconductors, proven to be very interesting. That doesn't mean that in small niche areas where change may be low over many, many years, it couldn't find an application. But for the broad, broad market -- the experiment's been played out over a decade and it's just not applicable. And on the other side of the equation, if you look at -- well, rather than integrate the handler, what if you somehow maintained modularity. But one company could provide that complete package of a tester and handler. And again, as we looked at it, the problem with that is you can't pick a handler technology that is pervasive enough to serve the broad market. Customers need the flexibility of multiple solutions on the handler size. So we've always had that philosophy. We work to put our energy into making it the most adaptable, easy-to-dock tester to a wide variety of third-party handlers and have not tried to overly constrain the customer into a one solution. So I'm pessimistic about that, is an answer for the broad market and kind of our strategy will likely continue down that line.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. A little bit of color. Microcontrollers are pervasive in any consumer product in your home, in your automobile. And one of the things that is emerging as a growth driver -- 2 things. One is China. China is growing dramatically in their consumer product portfolio and microcontrollers proportionately to that growth. So the demand for indigenous capacity in China has been once part of the story. And then the other one, interestingly revolves around secure communication microprocessors and such. So when you look at smart cards for example, smart cards contain a small microprocessor and antenna to transmit secure information in a payment system. In Europe and other parts of the world, they've used chip and PIN cards forever. That technology is set to grow pretty dramatically, it looks like, over the next few years, as that remote secure payment technology finds its way into many more geographies and many more products. We saw a sharp uptick of capacity for that kind of device for the back end of the last year and expect that to continue. And operator, we have time for just one more question, please.
Michael A. Bradley: Well, I think it's not a significantly large factor. But this year, probably, 80% to 90% of our shipments will be ac-capable. So some of what has shipped historically will be able to roll forward into the ac world. There's still a significant amount of other capacity, however, that will be upgraded and replaced with ac machine. So it's kind of baked into the overall guidance we've given you. It's not significant, but this is probably going forward, you can think about the world's test capacity as all shipping as ac-compliant.
Michael A. Bradley: In terms of what's installed in the world, it may be, at this point, in capacity terms, 1/3 to half? In terms of what will ship going forward, it will all be ac pretty much.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, this is Mark. It's something that frankly is hard to predict with any precision, but we do see some advanced tooling being put in place for an anticipated uptick this year. Our visibility on this tends to be 8 to 12 weeks out, but the early indications we see are that the digital processor business in 2014 may have a very similar profile to what we saw back in 2012.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, the most significant one is the one I just mentioned, which is around digital processor, whether that, digital modems or applications processors. But we do see continued strength as well in the microcontroller space and automotive. Those 3 segments. And last year actually, automotive and microcontrollers were strong all year long. That seems to be persisting here into the early part of 2014 and the adder has been the return of applications processors and modems.
Mark E. Jagiela: It's 100% due to mix. And our mix looks more like what you might have seen in other periods. I think we're starting off similar to Q1 2012 with a similar gross margin. But as we look later in the year, we see the mix improving, but it's just simply what piece of business in the first quarter versus other quarters. And I made some comments in my remarks to make sure that investors knew there's nothing going on differently in pricing, it's just simply mix.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, when we look at utilization at the end of last year, we did see a significant uptick. So there is -- that's another indicator we'd look at. That's probably not the best indicator but it is positive trend there. So yes, I mean, into the year, the utilization has moved north and that adds to our bullish outlook.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, SSD testing is, obviously, something we've had our sights on here for a while. It is still a relatively small commercial market, something south of $30 million a year, in terms of business, but it's growing, and it's growing rapidly. And we've been working on a couple pilot programs to adapt our HDD storage tester for that market. I'd say it's too early to call that, in fact, we'll get in alignment there and sort of find a volume and a profit pool that makes sense, but that's one of the things that we'll sort out here in 2014.
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. This is Greg. Our U.S. cash is 50% to 60%. So we have plenty of cash from our ongoing operations to fund the dividend. In terms of what happens to the multiple over time, I think you guys are more expert at that, but we would hope with a dividend, we would attract some new investors, and [indiscernible] nothing else [indiscernible] and a helpful yield to decide. But we'll see that unfolds but we do think it was the right time to do it, and at present, jeopardized our growth strategy. We still believe we can do another quality acquisition like another LitePoint or half a LitePoint but was the right time to do it.
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, the M&A strategy hasn't changed. Our strategy has been further straightforward. We look for close adjacencies, businesses that will fit very nicely in Teradyne or we can help them grow faster than what they could do on their own. They are more likely going to be some type of electronics test measurement business, they may more likely be in production, high-volume production, but, yes, there could be some situations that are big connections but aren't exactly what I just said. But we look for businesses that have high differentiation and are in profit pools with good growth. And that basically describes LitePoint. And we find 1 or 2 of those companies a year and it's hard quite often to agree upon valuations. So we'll stay the course and if we find something that meets our strict criteria and it's a good fit that we can help grow faster and are across the capital or better, then we'll deploy the cash for M&A.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. Mid-20s, as of now, is our long-term rate. We'll, obviously, look to do some tax planning, but right now, only that's [indiscernible] is the mid-20s. And at the rate it's going up because, you're right, we are using up some of our favorable tax attributes whether they're NOLs or credits acquired from many, many, many years ago. And those have been used against U.S. income. So our U.S. income in the tax rate is very low because we're using up credits and NOLs. And as those credits and NOLs expire, we will get limited as to how much we can use in 1 year then we move closer to a U.S. normal rate. And our rate offshore is lower, about 10% rate for UltraFLEX and J750 as you put some of that IP in Singapore, but when you blend it all together, it's -- as you said, it's using up these favorable tax attributes.
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. LitePoint continues to perform above the company average of gross margin. So LitePoint's in fine shape. They do that because they have highly differentiated products and solutions. Yes, our margins, looking more like 54% for the year, would be very good performance. So we're not at all ashamed of that. That's outstanding. I think the [indiscernible] you compare it against other years. We had just record performance and sometimes it's because there was no hard disk drive revenue in that period or year. It's all a set of mixed issues. And I think 54% is very consistent with the model that we've put forth.
Gregory R. Beecher: We've discussed last quarter maybe 2 quarters ago, we weren't going to forecast LitePoint any longer because it's been in the company's portfolio for a couple of years now. But we did try to say in our prepared remarks that there's a number of very positive technology trends in the connectivity and the cellular side that increase test time and also obsolete the existing testers. So that should be good for LitePoint. I mean, other side of ledger, as you know, in any test industry, there's productivity and competition, parallel test and how that shakes out in any 1 year is anybody's guess. But we feel good over a multiyear period that LitePoint has good opportunities for growth.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, you definitely understand the numbers quite well. The story is a little bit different but the numbers work out the same. But in the first quarter, think of it as very little LitePoint. LitePoint tends to ramp in Q2 and Q3, and what we see is happening in the first quarter, there's some mix in SemiTest. And this is the digital business which tends to have lower margins but can have good volume and good dollars but starts at a lower percentage. So it's just the mix of the product portfolio.
Gregory R. Beecher: Systems -- I believe systems will have another difficult year, not as difficult as last year. Last year, the storage test revenue was under $25 million, which is hard to imagine, but it was that low after running an average of $125 million a year. So they will do better this year. But I don't think this is going to be the year they'd get back to model. I think we're going to get back to some stable footing this year and then, see a path to model maybe late in the year or early next year.
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. We'll let you know maybe by the next call. If this is just happening, we need to speak to the customers and figure out what their plans and strategies are. But it's certainly a meaningful development that we need to figure out how to best play in this smaller market.
