Mark Jagiela: While I think -- at this point, pretty confident. We look at the trends that I just -- you cited and I cited and see that there's very little standing in the way of this increased growth, but the caveat, I would mention is there's a lot of supply chain bottlenecks in the system. With end product get bottlenecked, that can slow down the unit volume demand for new semiconductors. And then the other thing we're looking at is when do these new nodes really come online in terms of capacity. All that $90 billion of WFE that was put in place this year hasn't yet, had a single impact on test. That's all to come. But it depends on when do those
Mark Jagiela: We, of course, Mehdi, can't talk about any individual customer and what they might do or not do in the future so that I have to leave aside. But I just point out on your first point, that yes, our largest customer's dropping below 20% in a growing revenue year. The amount that you might think compute that they're falling has to be taken against our numerator of higher revenue.
Mark Jagiela: Well, like the total SOC market, year-to-year market share is very volatile. It depends on whose customers are buying what in any given year. What our market share might be in any given year, it can -- in a submarket, like, compute, it can swing 20 points year-to-year depending on who's buying. For this year, it tends to be a very good compute year for us. Our compute market shares up in, I would say, close to what our average share is in SOC this year. But I would say that it's not Steady Eddie. It's going to be pretty volatile year-to-year. It has been in the past that probably we'll be going forward to.
Mark Jagiela: We're very pleased and confident with our progress in ARM-based compute and design-ins in that realm. But, I would say that it's not -- now there's -- the tester market for computes also driven by more traditional X86 demand as well. You've got a couple of suppliers there that are not standing still as I mentioned, and are up being there kind of complexity growth curve. And so there will be certainly a lot of growth there as well, I believe.
Mark Jagiela: Right good question. And in addition, automobile unit volume isn't near its historical peak either so how could this thing keep going beyond the normal 6-quarter surge in automotive, which is you're right again, that's the traditional pattern. But I think what we see happening and makes us believe this will persist at least through 2022 is there's a lot of silicon refresh going on that's new in the automotive space, new kind of racing to get new more current generation lithography nodes, silicon and automotive designed. Because the legacy lines out there are hard to get at, chip suppliers are trying to obsolete those fabs. And so the automotive customers don't have as much, I would say, power in this frothy demand environment on the semiconductor supply side. And so the semiconductor suppliers are saying get with the program, move to more advanced nodes. And a little bit of that's happening, which is what? That means complexity, yield issues, and that means a little more test than you might expect, and I think that's what's giving us a different view this time.
Mark Jagiela: It is a -- building let's say, 100 billion transistors on 1 chip versus 4, to give an example, isn't equivalent test sign. The 4 chip version is likely to -- these are going to be rough rules of thumb, but let's say 25% more test intensive than the single chip design, because there is a premium on known good die testing to, when you put those together in an advanced package. And then the advanced package itself has more potential defect failure modes that need to be tested. So that's one thing around the whole chip lit multi-chip package thing. The other thing though that's happening, and this is really going to become prevalent at 3 nanometer and beyond is the move from FinFET to Gate-All-Around transistor architectures. And if you remember when the world moved from planar to FinFET, it was back in 2012, '13, '14 era, that drove if you go back and look at the history of the test market, that drove incremental test intensity and complexity in the market. And we're headed for another one of those with Gate-All-Around. There's going to be this new defect modes, new kind of test intensity boosts coming from this new architecture on the transistors. So even at equivalent transistor counts, we're going to see a little bit more test intensity because of that. So these two trends have chip lifts and gate all around and three nanometer. That's probably all of 2023 and beyond story given where three nanometer is right now. But it's coming.
Mark Jagiela: I'm not going to be able to talk too much about the breadth there. I think you can imagine it. You've rattled off some examples. In terms of fungibility, they're pretty fungible, the testers, across what's used for a compute engine in a phone versus a compute engine in a laptop or a desktop or anything else. The one that's a little bit unique is when you get into things like the RF type products, of course have a bit of a different architecture. Power management type products have a bit of a different architecture. Those testers tend to be a little more unique. But we talked about in the past that I think people have looked at us and said, well, in a world where cell phones are plateauing doesn't that -- unit growth of cellphones, doesn't that pertain some kind of slowing for us? And what we've always said is that look, cellphone unit growth can slow, complexity isn't, and some of these customers are diversifying into more silicon both in the phone and now more silicon outside the phone into compute. There are these emerging hyperscalers that are building silicon for both cloud computing and other new yet to be introduced consumer products. The ability of a design team today to be formed and put together a 10 billion plus transistor chip for a consumer application is easier. And as I said in my script, we worked with a lot of them. Maybe a small fraction of them will be hits in the future., but they can bring entirely new classes of semiconductor -- high compute engine semiconductor applications to the market. And all of those are UltraFLEX, UltraFLEXplus family devices.
Mark Jagiela: Well, I think the test times have less to do with the application. The only place where the application drives really fundamentally different test times is automotive because of the issues there. It's more of the technology. So I'll go back to C.J., what I said before about 3 nanometer is going to be more impactful to both test times in phones and in computers and in servers and in graphics and in everything else. Probably then any of those end market applications.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. Good question. Fundamentally, it's in the same range. It's probably trending more up towards the higher-end of that range so I think the numbers, the sub-markets you got right on what we talked about last time. Maybe compute is driving us a little bit higher in that range this -- at this point in time but it's pretty close. The memory is still at about a $1 billion term as well.
Mark Jagiela: On the 3 nanometer question that was one of the things I mentioned that we'll be looking at carefully between now and January when we update you on the 2022 view. And we've seen some push outs on some of those nodes for -- by a few months so the ability to intercept them in a meaningful way in Q -- I'm sorry, in 2022, is a swing factor. We don't see that exactly yet, but whatever happens in 2022, it might get some early ramping but the bulk of it is going to be 2023, '24, '25 and beyond. A little bit could happen in '22, how much we won't know more until January. In terms of markets next year that are interesting and exciting, I think it goes back to these emergent hyperscalers that are developing some new applications and very complex silicon for those new applications.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, that's good question. And the range of devices being developed at hyperscalers is quite large. Some of them are simpler than a classic cell phone device apps processor in a cell phone. Those aren't going to have much of an impact even if they latch, but some of them there are more. I would say, leverage AI, machine-learning and high res displays are equal to or greater complexity than what you might find in a typical cellphone application for those technologies so it's a broad spectrum, as I guess the bottom line. But if you play it out, I'd say the hyperscalers are going to on average bring cellphone-like complexity applications to the market. It's probably not going to be something that's -- a lot -- take the 50 billion transistor device, that surprised everybody. It's probably not at that extreme. It's probably more on the 10 billion transistor range on average and then moving up year-over-year-over-year after that as they iterate on the design.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, good questions. All of the WFE investment gets recognized before -- of single testers associated with that investment. The way to think about test is whenever you see some silicon coming off a new node, assume that the testers were installed maybe 3 months or so prior to that. Once a 3 nanometer fab comes online and you start to see product coming off a bit in reasonable volume more than pilot line volume, assume that the tester installations occurred about 3 months prior. That's the best guidance I can give you there. And then the only other thing I would caution about memory versus SOC is that the curve of test time to bit -- to transistor count, is not the same in memory as it is on SOC. Memory tends to be a bit more efficient for reasons I won't get into here. So you can double transistors and memory, and you're not going to probably move test time more than 20%, 30% or so, let's say, whereas in SOC it's not quite linear, but it's closer.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. There's a lot in there, Brian, so let me first of all take on 3 nanometer. The issues about 3 nanometer certainly enables more dense, more transistors per die. That's not what I'm talking about. That's a big driver of test in the future. That would absolutely be something that would give us a positive outlook for the next mid-term. There's the chip lit thing that we talked about where you have mixed nodes going into chips and then you need known good die testing and then the multi packaging needs and increasingly test intensity, that's not what I'm talking about, but that's real and that's there too. The thing that I'm talking about with 3 nanometer that's unique, let's say, is the change in the transistor architecture from FinFET to Gate-All-Around. That happens once per decade. Again, it happened with FinFET s earlier in the last decade. It's happening with Gate-All-Around here in the next few years. Those transitions, everything else being equal, introduce additional, typically failure modes that need more test methodologies to make sure the device is functioning correctly. And so, let's say, the average test time per transistor contend to be higher because of the additional verification needed related to that new architecture. Now, early in the architecture's life that tends to be higher as the architecture matures over time. That premium, let's say, comes down. So -- and the world doesn't shift to 3 nanometer in mass day one either. There's this bleeding up of certain devices using 3 nanometer that are highly test intensive. And more and more come online year-after-year. And then, the learning curve comes on. But net-net, again, if you look at the Test market from 20 -- 2000 to 2012, it had been a declining market in 2012 to now, it's been growing quite well in excess of 10%. Part of that is the parallel testing ameliorating that we've talked about. Part of it's the FinFET story that we've talked about and the growing transistor count. So we're at another one of those junctures with Gate-All-Around. Sorry, the HPC and --
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. The high -- the growth rate in compute is certainly going to be at the higher end of our mix of submarkets we think over the mid-term. If you think the average market growth rate, we're going to update this in January, but pick a number is 8%. We think compute's probably leading that by at least a couple of points.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. The tester reuse, people will reuse 5-nanometer generation testers in the 3-nanometer era so a new tester is not required. And testers tend to have a useful life of a decade or more at a customer, and they can span usability across many, many nodes and many, many generations of devices. There's nothing in terms of a new tester here that comes with 3-nanometer. And yes, by and large, it's a 2023 and beyond type story. But absent that story, what we've been seeing for the past 10 years in Test, since 3-nanometer in 2022 is likely not going to be a huge event because of -- it's likely to be later in the year.
Mark Jagiela: People will still move down the complexity curve at 5 and 5+ nanometer nodes and increase transistor counts in such along that path. Even absent 3 nanometer, we have an optimistic view of what 2022 looks like. We'll probably start out the year similar to how we started out years in the past and at the beginning of the year with some modest growth in the first quarter and then it swings on what's going to happen over the summer, which is our peak quarters around the refreshes. Will those refreshes of silicon be in 3 nanometer? Will they be in 5+ with the traditional normal transistor count growth that we've seen for the past 10 years? Those are things that we have to get closer to next year to really understand.
Mark Jagiela: Okay, everybody, we are out of time. Thanks so much for joining us today and those in the queue, I'll get back to you later today, and again, thanks, everyone, for joining.
Sanjay Mehta: additional 5 and 3 nanometer fabs come online. That is a kind of a big swing factor in the calendar year 2022 as to how our growth will chunk out and that's why we wait till January because we don't get a good enough visibility on that right now.
Sanjay Mehta: As I stated in my prepared remarks, we won't have any customer above 20%, so it's a broader breadth of customers. And regarding gross margins, in -- throughout the year, we've improved gross margins. And as I said in earlier calls, really driven by a couple of key test systems coming online and we're shipping in volume that have come down the cost curve. We've seen some benefits to product mix shift, as well as our operating leverage offsetting the component cost and logistic cost increases. From a look forward sustainability of that gross margin, obviously, we will give an update to our earnings model in January. But I see the second half of our gross margin performance kind of going into the first half of 2022.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. I'll take those. For an Industrial Automation perspective, year-to-date, we've grown 40% in IA and Q4 demand is high. If we can't supply at all, that's why we've -- and it's going to be growth year-on-year above 30% to 40%. And so predominantly, it's in semiconductors and expect we'll be out of the supply chain crunch given our visibility in Q2 or Q3 for IA. That's the IA side. And then from a supply chain perspective on the Test side, we've seen the supply chain tightening on the Test portfolio quarter-over-quarter where we don't think it's going to be abated until the end of Q2 of 2022. And again, mainly semiconductor parts. Really we see that coming back online in the second half really tied to the wafer and the substrate capacity coming online. And then, from a gross margin perspective, we've been managing through the component increases, logistics increases in cost, and we've -- as I've said earlier, we've had favorable product mix. And as our volumes or revenues are higher, we're gaining operating leverage along with coming down the cost curve of our new products that we've introduced late last year. We're managing through it and it's true well publicized component cost increases.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. I'd say we're in the early innings of looking at 2022 and obviously, we'll provide an update in January. But OpEx is growing in a couple of key areas this year, obviously tied to higher volume. We have variable compensation as well as engineering expense tied to our operations to qualify new suppliers, etc. And then we continue to invest in both go-to-market and engineering across the Test portfolio. And as you noted, we're leaning in, obviously into -- as I note on our prepared remarks, we're leaning into our IA investment really to help drive going forward. The other component is the G&A expenses going forward. This was a big year of OpEx growth. The only thing I'd say is that next year is we're not going to be as large percentage-wise growth, but that's really all I have to say on it right now.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah. So our range, as we've said prior is 5% to 15%, and we expect to be low single-digit as I said in my prepared remarks. But really how we think about it is we manage the business on a think about it as a rule of 40, combining the year-over-year growth with the operating profit. And fundamentally, we're -- as we see or as has been noted by Mark, where penetration is very, very low. And we look at all the jobs that can be automated and the scarcity of labor and economic growth, we really see a strong tailwind for the portfolio. And with that, we are very focused and conscious on both engineering and go-to-market investments. And so how we think about it is quite simple. And that is where we have a strong belief that we're going to grow and it's going to accelerate that revenue growth. We're going to lean into the investment. And again, think about it on the Rule of 40. And as I said in my prepared remarks, our gross margins are actually improving in that portfolio. And so when we see that growth start to moderate, then we'll start to moderate the OpEx to get to an operating profit of let's say in the mid-20s.
Sanjay Mehta: Some of those could latch in the market with new product introduction and drive a whole new demand stream for semiconductors and the testers associated with them. That's what we're rooting for and what we're close to. And we're seeing could be breakouts for 2022.
Sanjay Mehta: I think I've talked about that earlier. We're going through our strategic planning process in Q4 and it's really the basis of our earnings model update in January. As I've said, just having some visibility into the first half of next year, I think you should expect to see that gross margin be similar in the first half of next year, as we have in the second half of 2021 from -- and so there's many different variables in there. I noted that we've been managing through the component and logistics cost increase. We've had good mix and come down the cost curve of our new products and gaining operating leverage. There's many variables in there that we're going to look at closely. And as our revenue gets more and more diversified, there's a lot of puts and takes, but we'll provide more guidance on that in the January call.
Sanjay Mehta: In Industrial Automation percentage wise, we'd be able to ship more. In the Test portfolio, we think we're going to manage through the majority of the supply issues at this point.
Mehdi Hosseini: Yes, sir. Thanks for taking my question. The first one has to do with your largest customer given your commentary in terms of revenue mix. It seems to me that that particular customer is going to be down 5% to 6%. And in that context, should we assume a return to growth in '22? And this is a trend that has happened over the past several years and should that happen again -- should that have -- hadn't happened again into '22? And I have a follow-up.
Mehdi Hosseini: Got it. Thank you. And then I wanted to follow-up to the question that came up 3 months ago when we were looking into your market share in the compute. Can you update us where you are with that market share in 2021? And as hyperscalers ramp their own ARM-based CPUs, how will your market share change over the next 1 or 2 years? Thank you.
Mehdi Hosseini: I know we're supposed to ask only 2 questions, but just a quick follow up. I think what I'm trying to understand is on the GPU side, it's pretty clear that your competitor has dominated and assuming that that were to remain unchanged, I think the incremental change to the computers were all driven by ARM-based. And I was just trying to understand how you look at your competitive position as these new chips come into the market addressing the computer market.
