Greg Smith: Thanks for the question, Mehdi. Our thought in terms of the Semi Test cycle is that we really don't have great visibility. Where -- we believe we are about 2 quarters in. And one thing to remember is that the peak that you're talking about was well above our trend line. So there was a fair amount of contraction to happen before we got into a region, where we would have considered it to be sort of a true downturn. So we're really measuring from that sort of July of '22 time frame. And we think we are just about 2 quarters into it.  In terms of when it will inflect back up, we really don't have good visibility. There are a number of factors that make us feel a little bit better about the second half of the year than the first. But we don't see the kinds of leading indicators that the demand is returning. So I don't think we can give you a lot more color than that. 
Greg Smith: Yes. So it's a really good question. The thing that I would note is the growth of the collaborative robotics, including AMRs, has been slower than we or other players in the market or analysts have predicted. So essentially, the TAM has grown at a slower rate than we were originally envisioning. So there are other competitive entries in the field, but in general, what we're seeing is that they're sort of raising the profile of the market and potentially helping to accelerate how fast we increase market penetration overall. So especially in cobots, where we have a really strong share position, we think that market entrants are both sort of a blessing and a curse, that they are certainly giving customers options to compare.  We think we've got a good product, and we believe that we're going to be able to hold our share despite those entrants. And that's going to sort of increase market awareness and help to accelerate the growth of the whole market. In AMRs, it's much more of a toss-up, that we are one of the leaders in that market, but their -- the share is spread quite wide. And the market is still forming and people are still figuring out how to really make money in that space. We think we have a winning strategy over the midterm for that, but we have less certainty of the market growth in AMRs. So our plan is to take both of those things into account. But to sort of sum up, the growth has been slower in TAM. We don't think that it's a sign of loss of share due to competition. 
Greg Smith: Sure. No, it's a good question. We're very cautious about making predictions about 2023. We have a reasonable line of sight, but a lot of uncertainty around even just the first half. In the second half, there are some things that could break our way and could drive both the market larger and our share higher. And there has also been -- in 2022, there's been quite strong buying in compute with traditional customers that has tended to push our share down. So I can't really give you sort of a target number for share in 2023, but we believe that we're going to see some share recovery. 
Greg Smith: Yes. So I think you hit many of them. So I think that we are more bullish about 2024 than we are about 2023, certainly. There's -- it's a cloudy crystal ball to try and figure out what's going on. But the positive drivers, I think you hit an important one, that 3-nanometer is going to have much broader adoption across the industry, and 3-nanometer enables a significant increase in device complexity. That's always been a really good driver for ATE TAM. The hyperscalers and automakers, we think that, that is going to be a -- we tend to think of it more as a share gain opportunity than a real TAM driver. So if you think about -- the end market has a demand for a certain number of semiconductors, those semiconductors are going to come from traditional suppliers or these vertically integrated producers. We think that we have an opportunity to do well with that class of customers and potentially shift some share.  Overall, I think I hit kind of the high points around AI, cloud computing, a recovery in mobile and especially increasing semiconductor content in automotive. The one thing that could happen in 2024 is we're seeing unit declines in smartphones in 2023. And typically, if people take time off, if they slow down their refresh cycle for their phones, the following year tends to have a little bit more positive task to it. So that may also help with the rebound. 
Greg Smith: That's interesting subtlety. So I think your question is really, how should we expect the shape of the recovery? Do we expect it to come first in SOC, first in memory? The first thing that I'll say is that, right now, it appears that the SOC market is impacted more than the memory market in terms of 2023 TAM. And that's mainly because of these technology transitions in memory that are driving tester purchases, even though there isn't a need for more capacity.  What that says to me is that, when there is a recovery, it's probably more likely to be SOC-led than memory-led because there's sort of a capacity overage in memory that is going to need to be absorbed as the end market for memory recovers. So that's just my opinion. I think it's pretty murky. So it could turn out a different way. But I think SOC is likely to snap back a little faster and harder than memory would. 
Greg Smith: Yes. But we're not able to sort of predict a 2023 in full, so we really can't give you an exact percentage, this percent first half, this percent second half. We're cautiously optimistic that it will be bigger. 
Greg Smith: Yes. Thanks, Brian. Yes. I think it is a bit later than we've seen in some other years. Our customer always tends to firm up their demand during the second quarter. But oftentimes, they have sort of a directional idea of what they'll need. I think the combination of softness in the smartphone end market and this technology transition is pushing those decisions a little bit later in the year. But that's sort of our outside observation. 
Greg Smith: Yes. So it's -- measuring utilization is something that's challenging to do, and so the absolute numbers aren't perfectly trustworthy. The thing that we try to do is we try to use the sort of a consistent method to look at it each quarter, so that we can trust the deltas. So if things are moving down, then that's not great. If things are moving up, then that is a good leading indicator. And what we've seen across the fourth quarter of 2022 is that utilization is declining, especially in OSATs. It's helped -- holding up a little bit better inside of IDMs. And we are -- we expect it to sort of bottom out around where it is, and potentially, utilization to increase through the back half of this year. But it's definitely softened in the second half of '22. 
Greg Smith: Let me take that in backwards order. So the margin in the OEM channel right now is the same or better than our traditional channels. So that is a potential operating margin improvement for that business. In terms of the portion of sales, if I'm recalling correctly, I think it was 16% of UR sales in 2022, but we probably should double check that number. 
Greg Smith: Yes. We're -- I think it's safe to say that we're baking in conservatism into the 2023 plan for Automotive and Industrial. It's been a very, very strong year for that in 2022, and it sustained very well through the whole year and into the first quarter. But we've definitely modeled declines in that market as well. 
Greg Smith: Yes. So it's an interesting question because I helped to bake this cake. The strategy that we have in terms of a capital allocation strategy that prioritizes M&A, share buybacks, dividends, nothing is going to change in terms of that strategy. The thing that's happened is we've been on the sidelines since 2019 in terms of M&A, mainly because when we did our analysis of the valuations, it didn't seem like we would be able to do something that was beneficial to our shareholders by using our capital in that way. It's a different market now. And we assume that valuations are going to become more reasonable. And so you may see different outcomes across the next few years than you've seen in the past few years. That's not a reflection of a change in strategy, it's more of a change in the business conditions. 
Greg Smith: Yes. Vivek, that's an excellent question. So unlike the memory market or the Wireless Test market, where you need new equipment for new standards, and that drives replacements, in node transitions like 3-nanometer, for the most part, the installed capacity is perfectly capable of testing the new part. And so the tester demand is really driven by increased complexity.  So if you are testing a part that takes longer to test, you're going to need to add to your test capacity, test the part on both the stuff you already own and then the new testers that you buy. And so we look really carefully at how much of the industry is on a particular node because that drives basically the number of transistors that have to get tested. So it's definitely -- there's a high degree of reuse in the SOC market as nodes transition.
Greg Smith: Yes. That's certainly one scenario. It's not our current best view, but things could certainly play out that way because of this balance of units versus complexity. 
Greg Smith: Yes. So that's -- it's a good question because most of the business that's going through Chinese OSATs, it comes from 2 places. There are local Chinese fabless specifiers that are driving volume through that value chain. And then there's also companies that are from other places that are utilizing those facilities. What we expect is that, if there are issues in terms of producing chips in China because of any sort of restrictions, the non-Chinese specifiers will move their supply chains. They still need to build their chips. They will move to other parts of the world, other facilities to do that. The indigenous Chinese sales, that could be affected by the new trade regulations that are in place. But I'd like to point out that, that's not the majority of our revenue in China, and it's not the majority of the business that -- of the TAM in China. So our exposure there is limited to probably less than 5% of our total revenues. 
Greg Smith: So that's a really good question because 2022 was a terrific year for traditional compute suppliers, and they drove a lot of tester purchases. We are seeing that soften in the back half of the year, and we expect that to remain soft, going into 2023.  The new vertically integrated producers, including hyperscalers, are running to it on a different track. They have new parts that they're designing, that they're releasing to production. And those parts typically need different tester configurations that are driving capacity in different places than the traditional compute specifiers. So we do think that, that's going to be a stronger part of the compute market in 2023 than the traditional -- there'll be softness in the traditional market. 
Greg Smith: Yes. So it's definitely a market in transition. If you look back in time, legacy automotive parts, airbag controllers, engine controllers and MCUs, was sort of the majority of that market. And last year, that market would have been in the $600 million to $800 million range. There are new part types, and there are 2 types of new part types. One are ADAS, which are complex digital devices. And the other would be power devices for battery management and for high-power management going into electric motors, in EVs and hybrid vehicles.  That part is, in 2022, would probably have been maybe 2/3 of the size of the traditional automotive. Well, actually -- so the number that I gave you in terms of the size of the automotive market includes these new classes, and I would say that in 2022, it was probably a little bit more than half in these new stuff that's growing, the EV and ADAS, and slightly less than half in legacy. Moving forward, we expect the legacy stuff to track vehicle sales. So as vehicle sales increase, that would increase at a relatively slow rate. But the adoption of ADAS and the transition from internal combustion to electric vehicles is going to drive much higher growth rates in ADAS and power. 
Greg Smith: Yes. So I don't think I want to comment on the specific numbers. But directionally, I think you're not wrong. And your comment about smoothing out the troughs, that's our belief as well. As to what the sort of steady state average is, I think we're going to have to wait and see.  We're pretty -- we have some optimism that, that average is going to be strong because of both new parts coming into the portfolio and the transition of the portfolio of all processors going to 3-nanometer and continuing to march in that way. So that's -- I think that's kind of our view, that we have some optimism that the peaks are going to be lower, the overall is going to be stronger. 
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Mehdi, it's Sanjay. Yes, I think it's a reasonable comment to say that the model has shifted to the right, really tied to the economic downturn. Really, as Greg mentioned, the inventory in the channel tied to the demand in the end markets coming down and the supply in the market. 
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. It's Sanjay. Yes, 2022, the SOC market, we estimate about $4.6 billion and continued strength in compute, a little bit down in '22 from '21 in mobility, and then strength in auto that we referenced in prior calls, and industrial continued along with service. And in '23, really across the board in SOC, we see a decline with the exception of service across the board. And most notably, of course, in compute and mobility, as those markets we've talked about, we see a supply and demand imbalance, as well as Automotive and Industrial. So really, it's across the board from a decline perspective, is our view. 
Sanjay Mehta: All right. It's Sanjay here. Yes, I think from a revenue perspective, right now, our plans in the first half, as we provided, are lower, obviously, than the second half of '22. And we do expect an increase through the year really tied to IA and including in Semi Test. And we do expect that to occur in the SOC market as well. 
Sanjay Mehta: It's Sanjay, Vivek. Thanks for the question. Yes, we do expect full-year sales to be down. And really, as you can see with our first quarter guide and our comments throughout the call, visibility is really unclear in the second half. And that's something we've learned from prior downturns, the depth and the duration of this downturn is questionable. So it's really challenging to provide a full-year view. But I would give you the directional -- yes, we agree. We expect it to be down.  From a mobility perspective, again, in earlier questions, how do we view the TAM? We view the TAM in mobility to come down. And again, our revenues are expected to come down as well, as that market significantly, we believe, is softer, just given the inventory in the channel and demand coming down and volume. 
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. Thanks for the question. So I think a couple of things are included in our plan. The first thing is we expect to gain some operational efficiencies, some tied to specific programs, I would say, mainly in our IA portfolio. There are also some price increases baked into our -- that are rolling through in the second half, and some volume that is anticipated in the second half. 
