Mark Jagiela: Sure. So as you can imagine, right now, infrastructure is starting to rollout for 5G and 5G is a collection of technology, some of it is sub-6G, some of it is millimeter away. But predominantly at the moment, it’s China deployment of sub-6G infrastructure base stations. And inside those base stations, typically, there is a digital-rich network processing chips that we test and that’s been predominantly what’s driving this year’s strong growth in that segment for semi test. In conjunction with that, in the 5G world, there is going to be more small cells, more small base stations, so there is also infrastructure around the RF content on the towers. That drives a little bit of RF demand as well. But the big, big segment that really propels both semi test and LitePoint is when handsets and mainstream handsets adopt 5G millimeter wave. That’s still a couple of years away, but what I referred to earlier today is more this infrastructure.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. So we have said that 5G when it’s fully up and deploying globally, which is probably around 2021 or 2022, will add somewhere around $400 million to $500 million of buying to the market, our markets, test markets. Teradyne’s roughly 50% share in those segments, let’s say, so we would expect when it’s up and peaking, that’s the benefit we would see. But this penetration, the cell phones of millimeter wave is the key, the largest single portion of that $400 million to $500 million bump. That’s not likely to start to be meaningful until 2021 and beyond. So, next year’s 5G millimeter wave handset test additional revenue is handful tens of millions of dollars of impact probably out of that total.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. Let me give you a few data points on that. So coming into 2019, we expected that Q1’s growth would be about where it turned out for UR, 16% or so. We saw throughout the quarter, January, February, March, month-over-month growth rate compared to ‘18 accelerate, started at about 4% and ended March at about 20%. That’s globally. One piece of encouraging news is that China has returned to growth in that mix. The second half of last year, China was pretty flat. But as I mentioned, one of these large enterprise deployments started late in the quarter, in Q1 in China. We expect that to run through the rest of the year. And there is other larger enterprise businesses in the mix in China that we expect to also mature. So the conviction is sort of based around the plan we had, we are kind of on the plan and the trend lines we see in China. If there is anything that’s still, I would say, somewhat soft, it’s automotive-related cobot deployments. The global automotive market is down a bit and we ship probably somewhere – I would say somewhere in the automotive supply chain, 30% some of our cobot sales are somehow related to automotive. So that has been – impacted us in U.S. and Europe and in China a bit, but we expect that to slowly unwind as we get toward the back half of the year as well.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think as Greg said in his remarks, the semi test itself in the second half will probably be similar to where it was in the first perhaps down a bit. But our system test business, on the other hand and LitePoint business has been growing. So, if you look at test in the aggregate, the second half of the year is probably awash, maybe slightly up, could be slightly up from the first half. But as always, these test markets have been, especially Semi Test, very volatile and difficult to predict. We do not focus a lot of our marketing energy in trying to predict quarterly or even annual market sizes because it doesn’t affect our operational strategy. So, it’s more less a science and more judgment at this point.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So again, things in the Semi Test SOC market really haven’t changed much. I would say that on the mobility side, it strengthened a bit. A lot of that benefit is coming to Teradyne, fortunately. So that’s one reason why the declines we expect in the market were a bit performing a bit better than that. The automotive market, in particular, I would say, if there’s a pocket, it softened more than we might have thought at the beginning of the year, it would be automotive. But that’s been offset, as you mentioned, by things like image sensor and 5G infrastructure. The other thing about 2018 compared to ‘19, the market size, there was we, in the last conference call, described some one-off events that occurred in 2018 that sort of drove the market to an unsustainable high. There were some large semiconductor companies that shifted from foundry A to foundry B that required a onetime retooling of test capacity of foundry B that doesn’t it’s not an annuity that then continues on next year. Turns out that wasn’t that segment has shifted, wasn’t a place we had a high concentration in, so that change affects our competitor more than us.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So, I think for trends, obviously, the aggregate volume of test capacity is down this year. In terms of what’s going on and looking forward, there’s a lot of activity around chip design for more autonomous driving and the electrification of vehicles. And so, there’s a lot of activity around new instrumentation and new test methodologies for this emerging technology. And that extends all the way up into the sort of heavier power electronic side of the automobile. So IGBT, silicon carbide, those kinds of technologies are also coming online. So, there’s a lot of design activity a lot of design and activity, but the aggregate volume is down. And with many of the major automotive manufacturers planning to produce EV vehicles starting with next year’s model year, there’ll be quite a few introductions, we expect the automotive market for test will return to growth next year.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. Good questions. So, first of all, WiFi 6 is a modest test intensity evolution of the WiFi standard. 5G, especially 5G millimeter wave, is dramatically more test intensive. So 5G will by far be more impactful to LitePoint than WiFi 6. WiFi 6 is beginning to happen now, so it’ll be sooner. But the big payoff is still 5G. And then with respect to the competitive environment, it’s been the case there’s been 4 principal competitors in this market for a decade. LitePoint’s true value proposition is production test, efficient, focused production test equipment, not R&D. The other providers tend to focus more on R&D and then try to fit their product into the production environment. So, I do think that same differentiation that LitePoint had that’s given them a 70% share of WiFi test, they’re now poised to increase their market penetration in cellular test in the 5G era. And it will be through that same mechanism whereas the lab equipment that’s out there today for development is coming from the other principal providers. As we get close to production, all the major chipset companies in the 5G space have adopted LitePoint as one of their potential and qualified production rollout providers. Again, when does that happen? Probably it’s 2021 is the mainstream 5G millimeter wave penetration into handsets.
Mark Jagiela: And I just want to add one comment, a general comment about the cobot market. I think people there’s been a perception that the hardware around cobot is a commodity and the differentiation over time is going to be software-centric. But in fact, what we’re seeing today is building a reliable, industrial, 24/7 cobot to work in a high mixed torque moving mass around environment is very difficult. In fact, companies are failing because of the hardware. We’ve talked in the past about Rethink having an issue there. But some of our competitors have been binned out of these larger deployments because they have shown reliability problems after a couple of months of stress test. So that, it turns out, reliable hardware is still a significant differentiation for UR. And for the foreseeable future, we see that will be equally important in these large deployments as compared to some of the other benefits we’ve talked more about like UR+ and the ease of use.
Mark Jagiela: So, at this point in the year, there could be a little bit of upside, but it’s not likely. I think that’s the case on that subject. The advertised shift in buying dynamics in recent weeks is certainly, potentially a benefit. We do not certain pockets or certain suppliers, we’ve not had a historical position at in terms of test. But the way the wins are starting to blow now, that should accrue as an incremental benefit to Teradyne.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. Lemsys is a small revenue company at this point. There’s more of a longer-term play here. So, revenues for the year last year, Lemsys’ revenues were below $10 million. So, it’s a smaller company, but there’s a longer-term upside.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think there’s so many moving parts in that area that it’s very hard to forecast. I would expect that as the phones start to move into the 5G world, that’s going to be a balloon. But there’s other offsetting issues around unit volumes and other things that are hard for us to predict. I do think utilization is very high. New features are in the pipeline beyond 5G, and that this year, I would expect, should be a minimum that we get to. But in terms of any kind of quantification going forward, we’re really not in a position yet to know.
Greg Beecher: Days of inventory, okay. We are investing more inventory in our industrial automation businesses keeping the high growth. That inventory is on our balance sheet. In many of our other businesses, the inventory is off the balance sheet, because it’s the ship from our contract manufacturers, so you don’t see it. So, I would expect that inventory probably continued to increase a bit over time as those businesses grow and it remains on our balance sheet.
Greg Beecher: No, I don’t think so. No, I think, if anything it helps our future free cash flows because it will be a source of cash when we liquidate it, but we do need to have inventory for these short cycle times industrial automation customers. The model has been 4 days, 3 days, 5 days, so we ship very quickly and we expect the demand to increase second and third quarter quite considerably.
Greg Beecher: We could try to do that offline. The tricky thing is there is different businesses who have inventory on the balance sheet and others don’t and sometimes new products are on the balance sheet and other times, they are not. So it’s a hodgepodge. We tend to look at inventory on and off the balance sheet. You can’t see that. You are only looking at inventory on the balance sheet, so you kind of have part of the puzzle. But maybe offline, Andy and I can try to do that with you.
Greg Beecher: Okay. I think we outlined some of this last quarter that we do expect MiR to grow at about 100%. So that obviously gives – MiR is much smaller than Universal Robots, but that gives us a lift. And for us to hit the 35% to 40% – higher end of that 30% to 40% range we outlined, Universal Robots, we are looking at growing around 28%. So nothing has really changed there. So, the things that we are focused on, is we see – we could be at the early stages of some larger enterprises doing deployment that would affect both MiR and Universal Robots. We see there is demographic trends in our favor. We see there is a new product, MiR1000. So there is a number of items that we think will help us as the year unfolds, but we think the target we had is very credible and we are often raising.
Greg Beecher: I think the key thing is the Semi Test decline, which might be $50 million or $60 million or some number like that, we think, would be offset with Industrial Automation growth. That was what I was trying to say in my prepared remarks. And the second half will look similar.
Greg Beecher: It’s Greg. I’ll take that. The profitability should be the same with these large customers. And so, these are both lighting companies, which is an interesting vertical. And there’s 4 different applications that our cobots will be doing. And there are the standard applications we do at other locations. And they’re having these companies are having difficulty with turnover as well as rising labor costs. So, they’ve strategically made the decision that they need to automate to have a better cost structure and responsiveness. And one thing we have talked about over a period of time is that there’s ways of adoption that will not be smooth. So, it’s encouraging we’re starting to see some very early signs of some large enterprise deployments. So, this is something we’ve had a keen eye towards. The other thing we’ve talked about is bin picking, which, well, we expect to have some deployments later this year. That may be more of a volume next year story, too. So, there are some waves from some of these new adoptions in addition to more ecosystem accessories into new verticals as well.
Greg Beecher: Our gross margins over the last several years, as you might have noticed, have moved up 2, 3 points. We’ve done a very good job overall in our supply line group with material costs down and getting second sources where necessary. So that effort continues. And then with customers, they are getting advantages through the architectural advantages versus, versus lowering the price of a product. So, I think the last year or 2, we’ve done much better across the company in creating and capturing value at the gross margin line. So, I think gross margins are going to operate at this higher level. Last year, we were at about 58%. This year, we’ll probably be at 58% this year as well.
Greg Beecher: Got it, C.J. What we’ve said, and maybe it wasn’t clear enough, is that Test will be flat, other than the Test OpEx can move around based upon variable compensation changes. If it’s a high sales or high profit year, there’s more OpEx. But what drives our OpEx up is in Industrial Automation, we continue to invest in those high-growth businesses. We talked about getting OpEx up to the mid-upper $40 million by the end of the year, so that is where the OpEx growth will be in 2019. Now in any one quarter, I should add, sometimes you can also have NROE from Semi Test that can increase it, but then it goes away the next quarter. But stepping back, it’s similar to last year. Our growth is Industrial Automation, and Test is flat other than variable comp.
Greg Beecher: No. Variable comp for the year will be lower, but we are investing in Industrial Automation, MiR and Universal Robots and Energid and this bin picking solution. So, there is more OpEx going into those 3 businesses, and that is the increase that we’re going to have this year. And it was similar to the increase we had last year and the year before if you go further back, which is Universal Robots. I would say for about 5 years in a row now, give or take a handful of million, Test OpEx has been flat, but it’s moved around with the variable comp. But we’ve been growing in Industrial Automation. So that’s the story. And we’re very disappointed in Test, and we have the infrastructure that can scale. We generally don’t need to add new locations or new engineering projects, generally speaking.
Greg Beecher: Okay. Well, UR grew on a quarter basis, Q1 over Q1, grew about 16%. But why will it grow more going forward? Let me try to explain that. First, some of the cyclical headwinds we don’t think persist indefinitely that we’re seeing in auto, for example. Two, we see larger enterprises. This is the wave we talked about many times. At some point, larger enterprises will be forced to adopt cobots versus individual plant managers making small purchases. So, we’re starting to see a handful of accounts doing enterprise purchases, and those orders will start shipping later in the year. They haven’t shipped yet. Bin picking will start shipping later in the year, will be a bigger driver next year. Demographics is a big issue around the world. There aren’t enough workers. Inflation, quality, that’s also driving it. And then we have this ecosystem that keeps on finding new verticals to use an arm to solve a problem. Now we can’t forecast all those, but we see each quarter, there’s new applications coming from our ecosystem developers.
Greg Beecher: Okay. I’ll take that one. Thank you very much. We believe we will be the sole source for a number of years, or at least for this round of deployment, and we expect to stay in there thereafter for this is more of an enterprise deployment. And in one of these situations, they did look at a lower-cost indigenous company and concluded they were not reliable enough. But obviously, we have to deliver perform, but that looks good on these key wins. What was the...
Greg Beecher: Oh, cross-selling. There is a little bit more of that being discussed. I think in the future, you might see trade shows where there they might they’re ramped up in the same trade shows. You might see an arm on a mobile robot a bit more. So, there are some opportunities. But at the moment, we don’t want to combine the businesses in any formal way. MiR is operating with an earnout, so we don’t want to do anything that could disrupt that earnout and keep their focus away from achieving the maximum sales. So, I think longer term, there might be greater opportunities in that regard.
Greg Beecher: Sidney, the business has been lumpy. There are 2 customers we do cloud, 3.5-inch magnetic, and we do a system-level test for a semiconductor company. So, one or the other typically is buying, and they buy in lumps and consolidated purchases. And that can move us way up or below the $65 million a year revenue model that we said we established to hit model profit. More recently, the business looks much stronger. The hard disk drive customers coming back, buying in reasonable volumes. And then there’s opportunities for the other customers as well. So, I think for the next year or 2, that business looks like it has tailwinds.
Greg Beecher: Correct. So, I think that’s where you got off based with and the improvement year-over-year is about 3 points.
Greg Beecher: Okay. I’ll we don’t normally break this out, but UR was this is usually lower UR’s lowest profitable quarter, but it was about 12%. We expect it to improve as the year unfolds. But in terms of the industrial bin picking application, we’re not thinking about it as an e-commerce type thing, picking up different objects from trays or bins. We’re thinking about it picking up the identical jumbled up pile of items in the bin that traditionally are used puts it in a conveyor belt or puts it in a machine for some processing. So, it’s an industrial application. And the key thing is to pick it up at the right post, to make it easy to develop a program, which we have this auto pilot technology that makes it very easy to develop the program and to place it at the right post so you don’t have to put it down again and pick it up and that waste time, and therefore, you won’t be able to do as many applications. So, we think we’ve got something that is a step-function change but it will be in beta shortly and then hopefully with some customers later in the year.
Greg Beecher: It was somewhat what Mark said, the incumbents often might have lower capital costs, but the product isn’t ready for 24/7 operations. And there’s a variety of things that go wrong. Sometimes, the product stops. Sometimes, it doesn’t repeat to the same location. Sometimes, it doesn’t have the right safety features. So, they’re not really ready for 24/7 industrial, safe, high repeatability, easy-to-program applications. We know they’re coming, but they’re not quite there yet is what we’re trying to describe.
C.J. Muse: Yes, good morning. And let me echo the thoughts, Greg. Congrats on all your time at Teradyne, and I wish you the best of luck as you move on to a professional ping-pong player. I think that’s a great move for you.
C.J. Muse: You are welcome. First question on OpEx. You implied a midpoint of the guidance roughly $187 million, yet I believe you guided for full year OpEx flat. So, trying to understand how we should model OpEx off of that elevated Q2 going to the second half of the year.
C.J. Muse: So just a follow-up on that. So, despite implied top line guide of, I think, flat to down 2% based on your first half, second half commentary year-over-year, you’re assuming variable comp will move higher because that’s associated with IA.
