Mike Bradley: Tim, I know you’ve covered the correlations between front and back end, we’re a little bit more focus on backend and on units because that’s what drives our business. And of course, there’s a lead time difference between different types of equipment. But I don’t think there’s – you know if you look at the pattern here even though it’s a big drop, you know it’s not that different from some of the past cycles if you look back at ‘06 or ‘07 parts where the OSATs lead to move down and aside from the real meltdown of ‘09 or early in the late ‘08, they drop down into the – I don’t know $40ish million of demand. So, for us, it isn’t a – you know it’s dramatic, but it isn’t a different pattern. I don’t know how to speculate on the front end. I’ll let the front end companies do that, but from our perspective, it isn’t – no, it’s quite a drop. But it’s not an unusual one in a business like ours that have such short lead times now.
Mike Bradley: Just in our cash planning, we have to have operating cash. We have to have M&A cash. We have to have downturn cash, and that’s the breakout that we just want to be sure that we delineate next quarter at this time, how we think about all those pieces.
Mike Bradley: We don’t break it out Mehdi and having in the last quarter, just because I think it will go up and down.
Mike Bradley: But the – we’ve had a small amount of growth this quarter, bookings at $27 million and the mix between fab and flash.
Mike Bradley: I think there’s some speculation going forward as fab shift, possibly shift more to flash than we would shift with FAS, but we don’t break it out.
Mike Bradley: Okay. The picture on DDR3, I think I’d agree with you that the amount of buying on the DDR3 final test done has been less. That chart on our website that you’ll see today reflects the overall demand in memory and its inch its way up over the course of the last four quarters, so that the run rate and memory is annualized about $700 million a year. So, a piece of that shortfall between that and the past is that the backend and the DDR3 buying have not been very, very strong. I think I mentioned – I want to just comment that that’s why opening up the probe side, the wafer test side of the DDR3 space important to us. It’s not a lot of volume at this point, but it does open up really the last segment if you think about it in the memory space for us. On the HDD side, as we mentioned in prior calls, the capacity adds this year, we’re pushed from the first half of the year into the second half. We’re seeing that now and we’ve built some backlog up in that business that will ship into 2011. So, there has been a shift in capacity adds in that space and we felt that shift. Now, our position in hard disk drive is pretty much consistent with what we said last quarter and that is that we expanded our product coverage from mobile drives, 2.5 inch drives to enterprise drives and at the same time, we’re getting a beach ahead of the second customer. So, as we look into next year, our objective is to be able to put all that together and the objective is to double our business from the $40 to 60 million annual run rates to twice that. So, that would be shared gains.
Mike Bradley: Look, Gary, we’re a little more sensitive to the annual run rate because we build this company around this mid-cycle performance. I don’t even know if I’d got the quarterly bitrates on it. But the annual rate through this year, we’re eyeing that to be in the 1.4% level, which was about what it was in ‘08, ‘07 was 1.5, so that number I think is probably going to be pretty good for 2010 incorporating this correction, you know Q3 correction which we think others will feel as well. So, is your question what’s that going to look like going forward?Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Yes. I mean going forward in a typical correction, you sort of bounce around and stabilize at 1%. Is there any sort of near-term cyclical reason why it’s going to go below 1%, anything from a technology or product perspective that would lead you to believe that you know they can drive more efficiency out of testers this time and drive that sort of balance below 1%.
Mike Bradley: But the initial installations have been accepted, which I think is the other part of your questions.Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay, great. Thank you.
Mike Bradley: I think that’s right. I believe you’ll have a little variation on products when there are intra product line spikes, but that’s a good rule of thumb now.
Mike Bradley: C.J., I’d reiterate what I was saying before; I think it’s going to be hard to call exactly which quarter. But at the rate at which orders are in and whether revenue on the industry is staunch shifted pretty dramatically. I think we’re pretty close to a sustainable level. But as I think Krish said earlier as how would you populate the quarters? A betting man would populate the shipment quarters in – strongest in the post-Q1 period. So, that’s the profile I would describe. I think the other thing I want to keep reminding here is that you know with the model delivering anywhere up to 10 points of bottom line improvement. It really reinforces that as we have these kinds of adjustments we’re not scrambling to disassemble the company. We’re as steady as she goes on the engineering and customer support side.
Mike Bradley: Well, it’s a shading. I remember your question from this quarter, so not to disappoint you with saying the same thing. It feels to us like it’s a bit more connected to capacity than it is to speed. But since there hasn’t been that much additional buying in the space, that’s indicative that as the speed grades, as the production of higher speeds goes up, the stretching of the existing install base continues. So, I think the bigger bump as a betting man would come from the capacity as is in the future. But it will still be from both sides, but slight ring in the direction of the capacity.
Mike Bradley: Yes, they have a faster trigger finger and as a result, they move down very rapidly. So, I didn’t go all the way back to ‘04, but you’d see that in ‘06 and you’d see that in ‘07. So, it’s typically and I’m taking typically to mean other than end of 2008, it’s typically done in one or two quarters where that moves takes place.
Mike Bradley: And the baseline number back in ‘06 got into the $40 million range, a little bit higher than that in ‘07 and this time, it’s moved down into the $40 million range. So, while the drop was bigger this time …
Mike Bradley: Yes, nothing to hope that that’s the floor. But having said that it’s the kind of variation you get in one quarter could be different from that, but I think that’s a reasonable pattern.
Mike Bradley: The simplest way to think of it is everything moved down a step, so that the strength that we’ve had in the past in the power management, in the RF mobile application hyper controller [inaudible] ups and downs in other places, but I think the pattern of that kind of movement would be the way to think about it. Obviously, memory was counted to that as memory has moved up ever so slightly, but it did it again, you know the headwinds of SOC. So, it’s been somewhat positive, but it’s the weight class is not high enough at this point.
Mike Bradley: I can’t do it with a breakdown. The thing I would say and I think I said this at the last call, I can’t recall. As we move into ‘11, it will tend to be a multiple customer environment. While it is already multiple customers, it’s not – its unbalance at this point. But in 2011, it will multiple applications and multiple customers.Patrick Ho – Stifel Nicolaus & Co.: Great, thanks a lot.
Mike Bradley: Atif, I’ll say something that’s probably politically incorrect and that is there are always wins and losses and that’s why we look at the net gain position. But in all the skirmishes, there’s always some that we’re able to prevail on and there’s always some that leak away from us. The monitor on this thing is the market share shift. Now, I think this year, what’s important about this year because it’s a dramatically different share growth picture. There are two or three components, there’s the design in net win situation. If you said we went from the low 40s to the high 40s, about a third of that is just straight net gains from that wins and loss side of it. The second thesis, sometimes customers buy more than other customers do, so there’s maybe a temporary phenomenon. And then, the third one is that if you’re riding the hot segments then those segments grow more and that becomes real share gain overtime. That is why even though the number suggest we’re 50%, we take that second piece the one of asynchronous buying and put that aside and say that might not go on forever. But from a real socket win standpoint and from a real sub-share in the mobile communications and microcontrollers and power management, automotive, in those areas, those share ships by our customers, I think are real and we’re on the strong horses there. So, net [ph] we are gaining, we have been over the last few years. The numbers are clear on that front and we think this is a unique year because some of the phenomena in markets that we’ve been riding are amplifying the socket winds that we’ve had.
Mike Bradley: Well, it really – this year as it comes to $2.6 to 2.7 billion, I think if the market goes back down to 2.2 or 2.4, then there’ll be an adjustment down in many segments. Our view of the long-term growth, if you thought about it in terms of how much testers, what share of testers would these market segments command, we think that the gaining segments mobile in RF, we think goes from where it’s in the ‘teens now, high ‘teens to the low twenty’s. We think microcontroller and automotive go from single high digits, maybe 9% up almost to the mid ‘teens, 14%. So, those two together, we think take about 8 points of the markets that they didn’t have before. At the same time, microprocessors and graphics and chipsets, we think those because of the high digital content are more susceptible to the structural test DFT techniques and so that compression, we think that pushes that segment from what’s already today is high ‘teens, 18ish% down into the low ‘teens. So, I don’t know what to say exactly next year, but I think the way our strategy is lined up is to play the trends that I just described.
Gregory Beecher: We’re looking at this topic very carefully now Tim. There’s a range that we’re looking at now. It will be higher than where were last time how we thought about cash, but will likely be short of a $1 billion. But at some certain numbers, we’re going to land on before long and then make sure we get that reviewed and we stress test it a bit. So, we’re in that process and we think by the next conference call, we can be much more crisp in terms of how we think about the use of cash. We do also believe that there are some attractive, very close to our core opportunities, not in test but some other very close adjacencies that could be a good fit, if the valuation stars align and at a point like this where we think our valuation is low, we’d be more inclined to use cash. So, we are going to keep a reasonable amount of cash for some attractive acquisitions as well. But again …
Gregory Beecher: This is Greg. System test group will be up quite significantly in the fourth quarter and that in part affects the gross margin, guide and suite [ph] we’ve provided. So, systems test group, growing. The Nextest business about flat and then our SOC test businesses including Eagle would be down.Krish Sankar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: All right. And then final question, what is the mix of IDM and OSAT in the quarter? Thank you.
Gregory Beecher: Mehdi, this is Greg. No, I would not assume that. What I mean to say is over numerous periods. It may be a three or four-year period. There could be opportunistic attractive M&A situations. I didn’t want to imply it all, but there’s something right in front of us.
Gregory Beecher: We said earlier that we thought this year would be 40 to 60 per HDD with our principle focus on one customer and having broken into a second. We will be in that range very heavily, skewed towards the fourth quarter, some of the third. So, that goal will be met and we think next year as Mike said, we should be able to double that revenue. When that revenue hit, that’s hard to say. It tends to be second quarter, could be some in the first quarter, but I’d assume some first, some second, maybe a little in third.
Gregory Beecher: Right now, with R&D, it’s a couple of million higher than where you might expect it to be otherwise there’s some NREs and some instruments that we are working on to be bring to the market. So, there’s a little bit of a bubble here. We’re looking at what’s over the horizon. Now, on the other side, we’ve done a little a bit better on SG&A. So, the SG&A savings have tended to offset the engineering investments. So, we’re still overall within our model with a slightly higher engineering spending. But we’re going to keep an eye on that and see when is the right time to moderate that a bit.
Gregory Beecher: Well, that’s more of a cash issue. We’re accruing the bonuses through each quarter and it can be a little bumpy as I said in my prepared remarks because some programs are annual and your accruing based upon a high annual profit rate, but maybe the profit rate in the fourth quarter is much lower than the rate you’re accruing at. So, in the fourth quarter you’ll have variable comp than you would. Otherwise, kind of an odd way – some of the comp gets spread based upon how gap accounting works.
Gregory Beecher: You see our guidance. So, a bit a little bumpy. So, we knew what the quarter to quarter, you just need to be mindful that how cost get allocated on variable, it’s not tied to that quarter’s profitability. It’s tied to the period of the program.
Gregory Beecher: There is miller arrow [ph] business which is consistent with the corporate average and then there is hard disk, which is I think we’ve talked before that it’s probably 20 points below. I don’t want to – Jim, breakdown hard disk drive because we have a thin customer base.
Gregory Beecher: So, I want to stay away from that. But when this ships, you know our cost structure should not change any significant way. So, if the relationships are off, we will be very clear to describe, you know is it margin, where we off and why. And obviously, if a chunk of that lower margin business ships and sails or lower in Q1, we don’t know that, but if they are then obviously that has a bigger impact on the margin percent. But we’re fortunate to have that extra business nonetheless.
Gregory Beecher: We look at it both ways, Jim. We look at it because to convert matures in 2014 and last time we got a convert, the market was shot down six months before. So, we look at it both ways.
Gregory Beecher: Okay. We have more than one customer who has some plan buying out in the future and as part of a larger contract negotiation, we received cash up front. We’ve done this in the past by the way, if you look back to our balance sheet at the beginning of the year, you’ll see some large balances there, they’re good than prior balance sheets. So, you know, customers are earning so little on their cash. They’re more willing to part with their cash earlier and obviously, it gives a little more flexibility. So, it’s all part of a multi-period strategic deal. So, this will happen now and then and this is – the cash really is one small element to a bigger deal.
Gregory Beecher: It’s when does the customer expect to take shipments. So, for some of these cash payments, we haven’t put all the orders in backlog because we estimate what will the take in the next see months. So, our backlog is filled with what we’ll ship in six months. The cash can be greater than that and then if based upon their plans, we estimate what will be within a year and post year. I think we’ve had long-term in the past. I’ll go back and check, but I think we’ve had similar circumstance.
Gregory Beecher: For bookings purposes, we only put in to our backlog, orders that we expected to ship within the next six months, which is much smaller than the total amount of advance payments we received.
Gregory Beecher: Well, you can look in the rear view mirror and you can see what we’ve been able to do. We’ve been able to go from – last quarter was 502, before that – two quarters before that was 330 and the gross margins were very healthy as high as they’ve ever been. So, we feel really good about the model and our outsourcing manufacturing with our extended partners that are out there working very closely with us. The issue you have in all these rims, which we battle through, was material part [inaudible]. It’s never our ability to configure the system and get it to the customer, there are parts shortages and that was in part because 2008 and ‘09 was such a nuclear winter. A lot of companies really shutdown their operations or moved operations and things had to be re-qualified.
David Duly – Steel Head: I don’t recall you having a longer-term one which would imply that the customers have given you money beyond a year period of time. So …
David Duly – Steel Head: I just don’t recall an $80 million balance there. So, what that means is customers have you given you advance payment for equipment and they’re going to take some of the equipment in the near-term and that’s classified as a short term liability and the stuff that’s beyond six months classified as a long-term liability.
David Duly – Steel Head: Well, yes, that would – so the $81 million long-term, obviously, hasn’t been book as in order to that would [inaudible] …
