Mark Jagiela: Yes, Toshiya. It's certainly possible. A couple of things have happened since our last call. The market has strengthened a bit which is why we've moved the midpoint of our 2017 guide up a bit. And the market share gains pretty much have been consistent year-over-year for many, many years. And if you go back over 10 years, we've picked up 20 points a test share. So although we talk about a point, any given year can be flat to up 2%. And we think we can continue to average that one point net gain per year. So, I wouldn't be surprised if it was up during the year, year-over-year revenue. The second half of course is still something we don't have a lot of visibility in to. But the visibility we have through the first half is quite strong.
Mark Jagiela: Well, competition we expect as this market develops will continue to grow. I think the good news is that the market terrain is so vast and wide, competition is a little different here than most industrial businesses. The head to head competition is less evident and it's more the competition of mind share and ROI awareness and integrator capability to deliver that to the customer or the bottleneck, it's not competition. But, on the competitive front, we've seen several years ago the large industrial companies begin to try to develop lower price point robots to move down in to this human scale automation space. None of them have yet come close to the capabilities we have with the UR product. On the other end, you have emerging companies start up around the globe, China, Taiwan, U.S., other places that are coming out from the other angle but those companies, copying the hardware may be the most easy thing to do. Copying the software, ease of use. The eco system. The distribution system is really hard. We continue to see that. We are confident this year on the competitive position. Margins should hang in. So things are still looking pretty good.
Mark Jagiela: In the short-term for this current year we're in now, we think system tests will look similar to what it looked like last year. The storage test business which is the wildcard because we have a new platform there that we've taken to different places, as you might recall 2.5, 3.5 SSD. So that's a versatile platform that has high automation and asynchronous slots, but it's going to take time to see if we can take that platform to other places. So I think it's more of a late this year, maybe even 2018 we'll get a better read. Can we expand the market for that platform? But, in the short-term storage test should be getting model profits similar to last year.
Mark Jagiela: I'd say very little has been driven by the change of location and for the past several years location has been pretty stable and the growth has come all from increases in complexity and therefore test time.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So, we are less -- our market share is lower in DRAM. So to the extent DRAM grows, we won't grow proportional to the total market. So we're more concentrated in flash. We do participate in DRAM but let's say our total share in memory is 30, mid 30s right now, flash might be in the 40 to 50 range and DRAM might be in the 15 to 20 range.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. So on automotive microcontroller and image sensor, that's a broad based strength that we saw in orders in the fourth quarter and continuing in to the first quarter. So that's good news. The whole ecosystem around automotive is getting increasingly healthy. It's been -- you know, automotive tends to be stable overall and what we're seeing more is a little pickup in the growth rate of automotive electronics. Image sensors, there's a little more diversity now in the --I would call that the image sensor technology that's going to emerge over the next few years. And that's also driving some -- spreading around of the supply base a little more and more test for that. And then, your other question, I'm sorry.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. China is characterized by the indigenous semiconductor companies in China. There are some large powerful companies there. We picked up market share last year in China and we see that as a growing faster than average market for quite some time. But it will be highly concentrated around a few customers and a few technologies. So I'd say it's a strong position, growing position, and memory is a wildcard at the moment. We're in position there with some of the investments going on but when that might turn in to volume production is kind of anybody's guess.
Mark Jagiela: We recently increased URs OpEx from about $7 million to $12 million between 2015 and 2016. And looking at 2017, we could take that $12 million up to about $17 million. So we see another step up to support the much higher sales growth rate. We talked about in the past we were taking Universal Robots' profit rate down to 10% to get further ahead in distribution and ecosystem partners in anticipation of eventually running in to more meaningful competition. So we're still doing that and we expect in 2017 we're going to move from about 10% profit rate towards 15%. But we're more focused on capturing the growth and getting further ahead which we've been doing more recently.
Mark Jagiela: The SOC test margins by and large have been consistent for us for many years. We have also I think mentioned that in some of the even years when we have the large customer directing more buys because there's a bigger jump in their phone, that that can and has pulled our margins down a bit. But, more recently we've also described that complexity is helping even in the odd years so this even-odd year phenomenon is moderating. So we're seeing good demand because of more transistors, more test time in the odd years. So there's far less moving around of our gross margin in Semi Test. Of course in any particular segment they could be a few points higher or lower. But overall we're finding ourselves staying within this tight band.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I don't expect the craziness we saw at the end of the 90s to happen. I don't think that was a systemic thing around technology as much as driven by a unit growth expectations. Right now complexity growth is -- looks to be on a beat rate that's relatively I would say consistent for the foreseeable future, the next let's say two years at least where we have some visibility. I don't think there's a lot of time in the ecosystem of design to deal with that complexity in some of the ways that complexity has been dealt within, and let's say, memory tests back 15 years ago or micro processor tests 20 years ago which was optimized test structures in the designs to try to reduce the time on the tester. That's an investment in time and money that has marginal returns. And as I've said in my remarks people are really looking at the overall cost to ramp and a little bit more test intensity simplifies dramatically the tooling and software and debug needed to ramp apart. And improves the yield. So I think that's for the foreseeable future the track, people are going to be on it, the high complexity end of the market.
Mark Jagiela: I'll start with that one. The buy rate has stabilized and improved a bit from several years back so there is good news there. But in terms of the bookings coming in earlier, when there's a concentration of sizable demand, it's not uncommon for a customer to put bookings in earlier with us to schedule deliveries over a longer time period so they can be assured that that stream of products is going to come when they need it. Our lead times tend to be very short for ordering one, two, three testers. But if it's a sizable amount of testers, likewise you need to put orders in at a different pace than a small number of testers so it's not much more complicated than that.
Mark Jagiela: Tim, there's a lot of activity and interest with using cobots everywhere in the world, whether it's North America or Asia. Most manufacturers know if they don't use this new tool, they'll be uncompetitive. But in terms of the U.S., we've had some very good demand more recently and we've built out the sales team and the technical support team. So our coverage is much better like we have done in other parts of the world and we've gotten some sizable orders from some large U.S. companies. We historically tend to get orders of two or three cobots then they add to it and add to it. But more recently there's been sizable bigger orders. So I don't know if that's the beginning of a trend or it's just one situation. But the good news is we are prepared in the U.S. for these changes that may be upon us.
Mark Jagiela: CJ, it's even simpler than that. We've talked about our large customer driving demand through their partners. We don't have much from a large customer schedule in the first quarter. That's largely after the first quarter. So just like the fourth quarter was, there wasn't a lot from the large customer in terms of the shipments from the fourth quarter or first quarter. Therefore our margins are higher. It's similar to the phenomenon we described years ago even odd years, the margins improved when sales are down because the large customer is buying less.
Mark Jagiela: Correct, no. The margins in all of our business have generally stayed consistent. LitePoint has very strong margins but their volume is down so that's hurt us a little bit, but it's not significant in the grand scheme of things. So, I think in the long run we'll stay in this 54% to 56% range and occasionally we will deviate out at 57.
Mark Jagiela: I think, first of all, it creates an opportunity for the market to grow and for us to grow kind of proportional with it. Whether it's AR/VR or let's say processing 4k video from multiple cameras in the phone, other kinds of sensors we're going to see in the next couple years coming in to phones, all of that data intensive processing is driving up AP transistor counts, core counts, and complexity which dovetails right into the trend we've been talking about here, so I think it's all positive.
Mark Jagiela: I think recently in the first half of the year we ship 50% to 55% of the company's annual revenue. I don't think this year is going to be significantly different from that as best we can tell now. As I mentioned before, the back end of the year is opaque at the moment for us in general. There are some things in memory that I think will most likely kick into high production in 2018. But there's a possibility that begins to ramp at the back end of this year. So you're right, perhaps memory is a little bit of a wildcard in up side on the back half. But I think in terms of SOC we should expect to see the same pattern we've seen in past years.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. Mobility, I think year-over-year mobility is flat. And maybe mobility, if in the broadest definition you roll image censors in to it and other things is running between $900 million to $1 billion of test demand a year.
Mark Jagiela: No, I think we certainly see DRAM increasing this year compared to last because it was so weak last year. But on the flash side the key thing for us is the rate of deployment of these high speed interfaces such as UFS and a few others into mobile and SSD devices. As that grows, we'll grow disproportionately faster than our native share so we'll pick up share. And the deployment of those in high volume is what we're trying to gauge right now. So my comments were more specifically to when will UFS and others really kick in to high growth.
Mark Jagiela: We don't think that is necessary. We are in the low 50s now and we have material cost actions underway leveraging the [indiscernible] supply line group. So there's opportunities to improve that gross margin. And yes, there's a chance that those improvements get used in pricing should we find competition. So the good news is, we're going to have a buffer. But I don't anticipate us deviating from low 50s. Because we have this buffer and we have a very large lead and usually if you're going to do automation, most companies want to go with somebody who's done that type of automation before, has a recipe for it, has integrators that are trained for it. You find there's a better price because it's been done before. There's a lot of advantages that are accumulating on our side of the ledger so I don't think we're going to need to use price.
Mark Jagiela: Universal Robots non-GAAP operating margin, for the year, I'll tell you the year. For 2016 they averaged about 10% operating profit margin.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So if we increase it 7 again and get our growth, the operating profit margins, it depends what growth we get to. And we can meter some of the spending. The 7 is if we see high growth, which we believe we will. If we think some of that growth will take a little bit longer, we might not go the full 7. But regardless we expect Universal Robots to operate within a 10% operating range plus working its way toward 15% over time.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I would say that is relatively stable flat but not growing at the moment. The real growth has been mobility looks like in 2017 being an odd year will be flat to slightly up over last year. And automotive and microcontroller will be up. So those are the kind of three piece. And analogue by the way a little bit. So those are the three pieces that we see growing.
Mark Jagiela: Let's see. Our business in mobility every year for the past three to four years has had a certain degree of high concentration around let's say a specific driver, but the overall mobility segment is the demand is broad based so we do see pickups in demand from all the components you might find in a smartphone coming through fourth quarter into first.
Mark Jagiela: For application processor specifically, that is dominated by one customer. The other customers for applications processes, however also had a pickup. But just proportionately speaking a much smaller proportion of our bookings.
Mark Jagiela: The bit rates have been growing rapidly in memory for decades and the thing that's been different about memory is the complexity there is not really complexity. A lot of what has happened is photography, shrinks and 3D vertical structures to add more capacity to the part. But the complexity of those devices isn't necessarily growing. So they've been able to, because of the regular architecture of memories, do things with the design to optimize test and reduce test intensity. The thing there that could change this in terms of complexity change in memory are these high speed interfaces. So the high speed interfaces are quite sophisticated and do require more extensive testing and obsolete existing testers. So if both -- primarily on the flash side I'd say. As flash devices, whether its vertical structures or bit density is less important to us than a step function change in the IO bandwidth when is why I keep speaking about UFS and other types of interfaces. That complexity will drive retooling and test timing it could bump the memory test intensity over the next four to five years.
Mark Jagiela: That market varies year-to-year quite a bit. But let's say an average number to use might be $100 million.
