Mark Jagiela: Okay, sure. So, since November we ended up in fourth quarter of '17 above the high end of the guidance we have for revenue. So we've seen throughout November, December into January a steady increasing demand for SOC capacity more so than we expected. And it's pretty broad based across everything except mobility where mobility as I've mentioned in my remarks has shifted maybe four weeks further into the future. So automotive, image sensor, linear all of these areas were getting pulled for reasonably quick buy delivery cycles, and typically our lead times are 8 to 12 weeks. So we get a reasonable amount of turns within the quarter sometime. So it's that sort of across the Board demand that has brightened the outlook looking forward. And then within mobility itself although there is a little bit I'd say the peak tooling installations this year about four weeks later than last year or the year before. The demand there also looks very strong. And so on the SOC side I think it's just a broad based rising of demand. But I would point out that with about an 8 to 12 week visibility, we don't get to see the backend of the year with any precision until we're sort of into the backend of the year. So a lot of what customers are talking about as a general budgetary number, it's kind of flat with 2017. On the memory front just to turn to that for a minute, things are very busy and hot there. I mentioned we'll exceed our Q4 shipments in Q1 in memory, similar kind of lead times. The $700 million to $800 million range hasn't changed since November, but if anything there is pressure there on the upside I could see that going up especially if in the indigenous fabs in China we see that the yields get to a sufficient level that they begin to turn on production. We haven't assumed that for '18 we've assumed that's more of a '19-phenomena. But that could be upside on the memory discussion.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, so I think crypto currency processing as a sub-segment of the ATE market is really de minimis. It's not significant in the grand scheme of thing. On a broader scale though I think the idea of array processing whether it's used in a hedge applications like AI for things like facial recognition or voice recognition. That's becoming a discernible segment and growing I'd say several hundred million dollars of that TAM. You could attribute to the combination of all the crypto currency processing plus GPU plus AI related processing. And our participation - Teradyne's participation in that space in the traditional GPU side has been low below our average market share. But in the emerging edge space of applications whether that's in automotive or in cell phones or in infrastructure areas is kind of right at the norm, right at that 50% point. So couple of $200 million in TAM growing faster than average and we are participating outside of GPU.
Mark Jagiela: No, not specifically. I think, we will grow with the market share. I think our market share gains for 2021 will come from the digitization of automotive. The combination of our strength in traditional automotive electronics and our strength in mobility will help us in gain share in that area.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I think that's one area where we have pretty good visibility and no it will not extended into '19, what will happen is that some shipments that would normally be in second quarter will leak over into third and it's about that four-week window is the delta. But not a lot of ambiguity in that.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, so one thing I'll start out with as a caution. A year ago in this very call we gave a guide for the SOC market that was in a range of 2.2 to 2.5 but we ended up at 2.65. So with that caveat we're not completely able to see what's going to happen. But in mobility I would say year-over-year our expectations is that it will be flat to very slightly up. And that market is one that typically comes to the majority of the installations come to conclusion by the end of third quarter, so we have a little bit more visibility there. I think what's less clear to us and what surprised us last year is, automotive, how much longer will that have legs it's been going out for about a year and half, if automotive continues at the rate that it did last year with or even a little bit of acceleration that moves us toward the high side of the SOC market. And linear, industrial linear, those are two that are very kind of quick turned businesses that we get very little visibility beyond the current quarter. So mobility everything else being equal roughly flat and then industrial, linear, automotive the wildcard that swings the rest of it. I'll just make a comment about memory, memory as I said before the range we gave of $700 million to $800 million, could easily have another $100 million or $200 million on top of that, if the indigenous Chinese fabs really decide to or are able to go into a production ramp. So that's something we have modeled into '19, but that could pull in.
Mark Jagiela: C.J. we haven't seen that yet in North America, but we will have our antenna up to see if that's possible. As you know the cost is fairly low, but I certainly could see that that might make us went into the ROI calculation. Mostly ROIs are very quick without further advantage, a tax advantage and often the cobots are improving quality or doing tests that aren't well suited for human. But sure it might help a little, but we haven't seen it yet.
Mark Jagiela: So I think we would be delighted if we held our plans or to gain a bit of share. If you look at the two segments we're 50% of the overall market, but in SOC we're more toward the mid-50s and in memory closer to 30%. So to the extent the memory business hits the upside or exceeds the upside, we will participate in that. we might gain a little bit of share, but optically when you roll the whole year together it looks like the share to be flat when that all gets said and done even though we might pick up share in SOC. So it really depends on the math around the size of the memory market where our share tends to be below the combined average.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I think that the growth in the quarter - there is a variety of factors. One think we talked about was Universal Robots being up last in Q1 over last year's Q1 due to the price increase we instituted a year ago that drove in extraordinary amount of buying into the Q1, '16 period. So you are well likely be up less than it's been growing at. If it's been moving at say last year's 70% Q1 could be closer to 25% kind of up numbers. So that's one factor. And I think the other thing is mobility having moved out of four weeks. What you see is that even last year the year before we began shipments in Q1 for the tooling for mobility. There is less of that in this Q1 because of that four week shift.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I think we have participation in segments of that that will help us - that market was relatively strong last year, but as I mentioned to an earlier question the crypto GPU straightforward application sub-segment it's sub-$100 million. But when you roll GPUs together and the whole thing it's a $200 million. So outside of the strict GPU market, we do participate in some of these applications. I don't think it's of this - the market itself is of the size and our share position in that market would be below the 50% average. I don't think that's going to be a factor in moving our share up or down.
Mark Jagiela: Okay, well as I mentioned, as we went through last year. Inside our system test group, we've had a storage test business that's been primarily focused on testing hard disk drives. That business has diminished over the years as the hard disk drive growth has slowed. And we repurposed that platform last year for more of a semiconductor testing application called system level test. We recognized most of the revenue for that initial project with the initial customer in the fourth quarter. So the fourth quarter bump there that you saw was primarily getting through deliveries and acceptance of that first instantiation. And frankly looking forward, we haven't put a lot of growth into that product in 2019 we're at the phase now, where we can go beyond this initial customer and look for some other opportunities in the market. And that's what we'll be doing in the first half of this year. So we have a sort of a steady business now with one account. And we'll be exploring whether we can expand that over the next six months. So sometimes by the summer we should have a verdict on whether this can be a growth business or not.
Mark Jagiela: It is possible that we may not end up at 19% or above, where we ended up this year, because as I mentioned, we didn't bring out as many people as we wanted to. We actually weren't targeting 19%, we were targeting 15%. But there is a challenge bringing on as many people as we wanted and that got somewhat delayed. So, I don't consider it challenge, if we end up at - next year at 17% versus growing to 19%, to me it's not a challenge it depend on what we look like. If we get to 17% as a number and we're growing at a healthy rate and we see the next year as another strong year, because we put in the investments necessary to continue this 50% plus healthy growth rate, then I think we'd all be very pleased. So, we're much more focused on maintaining the high growth because we know the opportunities are out there, it's a matter of us tingling the awareness, lowering the transaction cost to put a cobot and by making it easier to use. So, that's where our overwhelming focus is. We have really no worries about the operating profitability. Frankly, we're way ahead of where you might expect us to be at 19% given the growth prospects of this business.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I think what's happening in the GPU space or the array processing space is right now a lot of diversification, there are a lot of companies that do not traditionally make silicon, developing custom silicon for their applications whether these are automotive companies or consumer goods companies, web infrastructure companies. So I think like we're seeing with memory a diversification of task specific let's say GPUs or array processors, that's what point on right now. So when we get into next year I think you'll see this array of suppliers doing custom A6 for their own end markets. And that's frankly where we see the ability to participate and where we're focused.
Mark Jagiela: Okay, folks. Thanks so much for joining us. Sorry to be going over just a minute or two look forward to talking to you in the days and weeks ahead. Bye, bye.
Gregory Beecher: Okay, this is Greg I'll start and maybe Mark will add to it. I'll start with the gross margins, I'll go back further when we acquired Universal Robots the gross margins were about 51% as we end '17 we're in the upper 50s. And we see a path to increased margins a few more points. Now this doesn't factor in, what does the competitive field eventually unfold and look like. Today as I think, I mentioned in my prepared remarks, it's much more about stimulating awareness versus were going up against competitors. So we do see opportunities for further margin improvement, but again at some point there'll be some competitors that will bump into particularly at large accounts. On the first part of your question why not 30%, why not 70%? We look at third party reports there's a number of them out there we speak to our distributors, our channel partners, we see that our existing channel partners grow their business about 50% a year they sell 50% more cobots each year. And there will come a point we'll probably slow down or stop adding new distributors or integrators in terms of net increases, there might always be some adjustments for quality. So then if I say what the existing ones sell today it's about 50% they were constantly improving in terms of some of the offerings we're giving them as well as the UR Plus, what's on the online website, the academy. And we've seen sales grow at a higher rate each year, which is unusual to see the growth rate increase, increase, increase but we all know with as numbers get larger that gets harder to continue. So in the end it's a judgment, but we come out from many different perspectives and we also look at bottoms up the types of jobs that can be automated, but that leaves you to various not only big numbers, but then we cut them back up with that because the numbers just look too big looking at it that way. So it's judgment, but we look at it in many different ways and our track record to-date has been well above 50%, but we know as numbers get bigger that will get harder to be well above 50%.
Gregory Beecher: Got it Mehdi. The slide, we've put forth, which we hope will give you a very clear path. We've put the assumptions on the upper half and printed the biggest assumption as Universal Robots growth rate. That's driving most of the sales and earnings growth, but let me go to the SemiTest question our market share. We have steadily gained market share in ATE in both SOC and memory over many years. We've shown that on the slide here the last four year period we grew from 44% market share to 50% market share. And for modeling we're using anywhere from 4 to 6 points. So we're modeling what we've done in the past and we've been a bit conservative saying could be as well as 4 versus 6 points. If you go back further, we've gained much more than 6 points share - 6 point of share. So we do have the ability to carefully target the right segments growth with those waves as well as find areas for differentiation and not compete against capital cost. So it's a long running formula that we've had at Teradyne that I think we has proven that it's sustainable. And there is always leverage Mehdi in the model. In here there is a bunch of variable compensation tied to profit. So if the profits are lower the variable compensation comes out, there's a lot of spending that goes with the growth, if we see the growth in any business isn't what we think it is then we'll pull some of the spending back. So there certainly is flexibility.
Gregory Beecher: By far it's the distribution and that's the single biggest time is more sales people that can then work with distributors and channel partners in new regions that we're not covering adequately as well as existing regions where there's some accounts we are just not getting to. And then the next is engineering to continue the innovation that we deliver to step that up even further. Those are the two big areas with distribution by far the largest.
Gregory Beecher: Okay I'll start with that one. There's actually a range because the growth rates are so high there is stretch growth rate and then there's a growth rate 50% plus. So the range of scenarios we could be in and we try to yet to put to some OpEx in early and then we try to meter it where we can. So this year we hit 19% operating profit with ended the year with our 58% gross margin. We actually wanted to bring more people on quicker frankly to position for another wave of high growth. So if we end up at 19% or 20% profit we're delighted. If we end up at 17% or 18% that might be a great story to if we've done the things strategically. So we're not driving it with a sharp eye on profitability it's much more on the growth and are we getting further ahead is what we're monitoring and pushing hard on. Because the market has many years of high growth thereafter and we want to extend our lead through with the best distribution partners, well trained, the best third party ecosystem accessories on our website, easy to do training and then development that makes it even easier to program. The more we can get ahead the more the numbers naturally in the subsequent years will certainly meet our mid-term model.
Gregory Beecher: Okay, I think Mark will pinch in on this too. Our approach has been to distinguish our cobot based upon ease of use, that is the very different approach we took to automation so that a shop for operator and not an engineer is able to train our cobot and repurpose it when demand changes in their factory or a small manufacturer. And that's why, somewhere about half of our customers are small and medium enterprises. So, it's a different approach than what I believe others have originally taken, now there maybe others trying to do what we're doing. But it's not easy to do, because you also have to build up a distribution and an integrated network that can be good selling one or two cobots at a time. And most companies we find like chasing the large, the very large orders which tend to be multi, multi, multiyear sales. So, we've tended to have a different focus and a different go-to-market approach. So, we continue to do things that make it easy to use the cobot and will be new enabling technologies I mentioned vision modules coming down, that'll make using vision more likely for bin picking or advanced applications, where vision can help you getting deeper into a tray or a bin. So, I think there's lot of innovation yet to come in areas around the cobot that the cobot can take advantage of.
Gregory Beecher: Okay, I'll take the first part of the question, the growth rate in the other test, you're correct, it's in 5G wireless test, that's the one element of those other businesses where we see credible meaningful growth. The other businesses are more 2% or 3% GDP growth. 5G is 2020, 2021 thereabout and we believe we'll be well positioned for it and we have some integrated 5G product that is out with a chipset company or two now. So we're in a good position all be it's very early and 5G would be new to us because we were in 4G, but didn't have meaningful share because we got to that market late. But we don't plan on getting the 5G late. As you might recall we're the leaders in connectivity, but the seller side has been more difficult for us to break into. On your other question about is it sticky with system level test. I don't see it that way. What we're seeing as is that there may be more applications that need system level test that didn't have it before. So some of these more advance semiconductor devices mainly in addition level test to read out the harder to find false. And there may not have been any system level test in the past so it's a greenfield. But the challenge for us is a good for us meaning can we leverage our existing platform, if we can't and it's a whole new to design then it probably isn't worth it to us. So that's what Mark was referring to what you were going to look to see if there is other opportunities, but they have to fit with our platform.
Gregory Beecher: We have a small number of customers that we call on from other divisions LitePoint and our production board test group. One is an automotive Tier 1 supplier we're in and another one is an Asian production PCB board supplier and they do assemble as well. So there is two that are over 100 cobots there tends to be coordination that we're able to help the Universal Robots, distribution team get to the right person. But there hasn't a list of 15 accounts that I could point to you and say here is the leverage. Well we've given Universal Robots significant leverage frankly is cost down on the material pipeline, we've gotten them several gross margin points. We're able to help them hire people much faster around the world open up more offices. So there is a host of things that were able to help them move faster, we help them with engineering quality, we bring some people over there to learn best practices and pick and choose what fits their culture. So we're helping them in a number of areas on the customer facing there has been some help, but there is not a list of 10 or 15 accounts that I have.
