Michael A. Bradley: Jim, this is Mike. Yes, it would be microcontrollers automotive, linear precision analog, in the semi space, in the SOC space and memory, obviously. Those are the ones that are -- that haven't seen the pickup.
Michael A. Bradley: It's utilization on the analog and the microcontrollers side. And then memory -- the forces that have kept the market low continue, which are: Reuse of existing equipment, reduction of test times, increasing parallelism. And I think you have to add in -- as we've come into the market, especially in the FLASH space, the test capital cost per site. All of those things have had an impact on the market.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, Wenge, we said in the opening comments that we think we've got a roughly 60% share in the mobility market. That's a little bit hard to pin down, but -- because there's so many devices, so many customers. But we do think we're above, a little above the 50% level. If you look inside tablets and smartphones, the devices that comprise those systems -- made up of a variety of different devices, we're very strong really across the board. If you said where are we the weakest? We're the weakest in memory obviously, because we've got lowest share in memory, but we're the strongest in the wireless transceiver space, power management and so on. Now winning is a matter of gaining a socket here and a socket there over time. So we've got the portfolio of instrumentation to go after everything that's in those mobility products. And as we win a socket and a generation of socket, that's how we win the overall share. There isn't a particular subsegment of the technology in those devices that we would say we've got 90% share or another place where we've got 10% share. We've really got pretty good coverage from an instrumentation and economics of test standpoint to cover them all.
Michael A. Bradley: Krish, there's no good number. Let me do it from our numbers out rather than being able to say what the total market is because all of the suppliers in this space group their bookings in different ways. Our bookings have trended such that the mobility sectors, if you add up RF mobile processors, baseband, power management, image sensor, all of those together have tended to be more than 50% of the total market. So as a rule of thumb, that's the way we think about it. It's more than 50% of the total. But it ranges from very general purpose, high-performance UltraFLEX type systems to more dedicated systems, like we find in the image sensor space or in power management. So that testers are wide range of testers. But I think when you put it all together, you're in the 50% plus of the SOC market is connected in some way to mobility.
Michael A. Bradley: Mehdi, at this point, we really can't. It's such a lumpy business for 3.5, almost 4 months into the year. I think for another quarter or so, what we'll say is, we believe we've got $160 million plus. We're very confident of being able to meet or exceed that $160 million level. We may be able, as we get into the middle part of the year, to give better resolution on that. But I'd say 3 months ago, we were saying from account standpoint, that's our objective right now. I'm pretty confident that we'll beat number, but I really can't give you a range as to how much we might beat it by. But I'm confident that we can meet and exceed that number.
Michael A. Bradley: I don't think I said it was the peak or was not the peak. What I said is that, we had strong bookings leading into Q2. And because of the short-term signals from customers, we're leaning a little bit harder into Q2 capacity planning because we think that, that it's warranted by the demand and certainly warranted by the experience of the last 4 months. Calling the peak, we're not doing that. I think when you get into that, we step back and say, how big do we think the market will be this year? We've increased our view of that by $100 million to $200 million from the last call to this call. So I don't think we've let the short-term overcook the view of what the market in total might be. So as we march through the year and we get the numbers per quarter behind us, will be able to say, are we above or below the midpoint of the market. But right now, it's certainly very strong, and I wouldn't be the one who want to call a peak at this point.
Michael A. Bradley: I gave some numbers, but let me refresh that. I got it here. Hold on. The breakdown was for IDMs and the specifiers and the Fabless companies, it was about 63% and 37% in the OSATs. Last quarter, that was 54% 46%.
Michael A. Bradley: No, that's a big piece of this upsurge that we've got in the bookings plan and in this very intense slot plan alignment that we've got in Q2 and going into Q3. As Greg said, we've had in one product family here, subset of our total product line in the UltraFLEX, we've had almost the equivalent of the peak year between 2010 and 2011. We came within, I don't know, 5% to 10% of hitting a full year's demand in one quarter bookings. So that's clearly -- that fire is stoked, and the OSATs are pulling on it. Having said that, the OSATs haven't -- they haven't hit the peak of the last cycle in the 2010 growth cycle. So considerable growth from 2 quarters ago, almost 3x the size in our OSAT business. So they've clearly turned on. And in the short-term, we think they're going to continue to pull pretty hard. That's the signal from our slot plan work that we're doing with them.
Michael A. Bradley: On the device side -- on apps process -- different processors in the -- I think that, quite frankly, the demand for us has been so high. I think the question, let me turn the question around, have we gotten 100% of the potential demand? Or has that -- have customers had to find other avenues to get the spike satisfied? And over the last, I don't know, 3 or 4 years, I'd say we were awfully close to getting 100% of that business. Frankly, on this last 2 to 3 months, we're probably in the 90% plus, we're not at the 100% level. We're really more on the 90% plus. So the good news is, we're riding the segment and the segment growth, which is the hottest segment, around the edges we didn't get 100% of that, and we just couldn't respond to every piece of demand. The result of that is, obviously, we've been working very hard with the supply line. And as I speak now, I'd say that customers coming in the door certainly the ones who are tightly connected to us and have been planning capacity, we're able to meet those demands. But 2 months ago, we weren't at the 100% level, we're much closer to that at this point.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. Because we don't change our product strategy and our capacity planning based upon that shift, we look more at that as a macro picture of where the segments are going to go long-term. But as I said before, a complex SOC if mobility is more than half and if you put all of complex SOC, it's clearly obviously higher than that. The thing I'd say to you on the SOC segments over time is that, if you took the whole pie of buying and split it into these categories of the PC-based, and then the mobility base, and then microcontrollers and automotive and linear and so on, the PC sector, microprocessors, chipsets, graphics, right now are a bit under 20% of the market, maybe around 17% or 18%. Over the next 2 or 3 years, that drops probably by something between 3 and 5 percentage points of that pie. And at the same time, if you take mobility products, which is the full range of the things we've just talked about, that goes up by about 5 to 7 points. So there's give and take in some of the other segments. So that's what I'd say to you about what's going to happen with the complex SOC. It's going to gradually take a larger and larger portion of that pie, and that's how we've aligned our strategy.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, Raj, hang on one second. It's a tough question to ask because inside these subsegments, things are obviously lumpy. The microcontroller is at a low point of probably 6 quarters, as we speak, and the linear precision analog is a little bit higher against its range. But you're trying to get at how much -- how many dollars are there where the powder is dry and I'd be winging it a little bit right now, so I got to step back from answering that directly, not because I wouldn't try to answer it for you, but there's probably -- I'd say that they're at -- total, collectively, they're at 1/3 of what the buying level would be if they got back to their prior peaks. I'm not going to give you the denominator and the calculation because then -- but there's clearly less than 50% of the total where it hasn't kicked in, and that business could double or triple.
Michael A. Bradley: David, this is Mike. There's an ongoing refresh that is -- it's just a steady, steady flow of new instrumentation. Any instrument may take a couple of years to design and get into the field, and then there's different segments to the system. So there's always a constant flow. There's actually been a bit of a refresh by us and by other players in the market, that's underway right now on the digital side of this system, and that typically is increasing frequencies and increasing density. So we're in the process of that, we've got very good RF instrumentation in the system. And so, as an ongoing evolution of the product, we continue to do that. I think the important point in this is that the platform that we got on the UltraFLEX is the base for that refresh strategy. So we're not into a change the platform or the platform has run out of gas. So those are very -- I think that's a fundamental strategy point of getting leverage out of a single platform that we now have at the high end.
Michael A. Bradley: That's a great question. That is a question, Mark, I think in the bubble above a lot of people's heads is. Why wouldn't memory be turning on as much or -- microcontrollers and so on? And I think it's just a matter of -- there's lumpiness in the buying that exist in the marketplace that's pretty dramatic. The swings in annual buying and certainly, quarterly buying are quite dramatic so the tooling and therefore, the utilization swings are significant. Compounding that is the ongoing productivity so that as you increase parallelism, that increases or decreases the utilization. So I think it's more a function of how the tooling pattern has gone in the past and what's available. And then there are some new devices that sparked the growth -- that sparked a new round of buying because of instrumentation in the testers. But it's always had this patchwork kind of characteristic to it that not every front moves at the same time.
Gregory R. Beecher: That's good question, Jim. What we do is we look at the intrinsic value of the company. We do a DCF analysis with different assumptions. So we come up to sort of a range of the stock. And then what we do after that is we discount it twice, which then becomes somewhat conservative discounts, just to ensure that the number we buy back at has high confidence that it's a good deal for long-term shareholders. If I go back a few years, we didn't discount it as much and we bought back at prices that we wish we had not. So we're very conservative in the price we pick, given the history of many tech companies mistime buybacks, they're buying back when they're healthy and they have a lot of cash. So we want to be more opportunistic.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. I would assume storage test is closer to a little more than 10% -- it's about 10% below. So storage test would be the low -- 10% below and LitePoint we'd expect to be a little bit above the SemiTest. If you look at the margin guidance for the second quarter, 54%, that's generally consistent with the model. I should point out that there's still some healthy storage test business in those numbers. Still higher than an average quarterly run rate, but obviously as the numbers get higher, the impact of storage test gets watered down a bit because you've got a big denominator. So I think overall, the margins are tracking to model and I think we really see the variations, you have sales get a low and there's a heavy skew of either a higher or lower margin business. That's where it really shows up.
Gregory R. Beecher: Lead times have typically run 6 to 8 weeks. They were running that in the quarter, but towards the end of the quarter, they got extended closer to maybe 8 to 10 in the complex UltraFLEX segment. So the lead times are pushed out a bit there, but they're not as far push out as they had been in some other periods. But we've done incredible scrambling to respond to this demand -- the UltraFLEX demand. We've got orders in the first quarter that equals an entire year's level of orders in one quarter. So it really has been a very, very sharp ordering period. And early in the quarter, there was a lot of work going on scrambling with suppliers to beat that demand. So we think we've captured the vast, vast majority of the orders that were able to be captured in this quarter.
Gregory R. Beecher: Sure, C.J. First, on the connectivity, before I get to the new standard, the business is very strong. Just simply the unit growth, it's very healthy, in terms of the demand we're hearing from our customers. So I think that's very healthy. And then before -- and then we move to this 802.11ac. That's sort of in the early innings, we've booked some demand for that. We'll be shipping some in this second quarter. I do think that plays out over a couple of year period. First, products that have -- are plugged into a wall, we'll likely use that because we need more power. But over -- maybe it's 2, 3 years, that will be a bigger deal. But it's a bigger deal in part for test because customers want to make sure that the product they buy either has a roadmap or can connect to the new requirements. So we're well positioned there. We feel good about our spot there. We have very good share in that whole connectivity segment. And in LTE, we are -- we can't say customer names, but we are -- we did win a key design and we are testing in LTE. So we have our product out there. Truth be told, we're very small in this large market, and that's another part of the upside, a small player trying to replicate what was done in the connectivity side into cellular, again, breaking -- key breaking has occurred, but we need to continue that trajectory. And that's probably a 2, 3-year timeframe. So stay tuned.
Gregory R. Beecher: Well inventory is a little tricky for us because a portion of our inventory is off the balance sheet, so you guys don't even see it because we've outsourced to a contract manufacturer in Asia, but then some of our other products, LitePoint, Nextest and Eagle Test, there's a final touch inside of our companies. So it's kind of a mixed bag, but generally speaking, you should see inventory likely increasing into the second quarter on the balance sheet. In terms of turns, we think turns can be very high in the LitePoint business. I think in the non-LitePoint businesses, they're going to be consistent with where they've been in the past.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. There's 3 ways that are going to help LitePoint achieve this 20% or plus growth. The first is, simply the unit growth is very healthy in their core business, which tends to be conductivity. They are also into cellular, but the connectivity unit growth rate is very high. You probably heard Internet of things, many things are getting connected to one another. And LitePoint is very high share and works very closely with the chipset companies in that space, and they tend to be the de facto company that is used in that test solution. So units first. Second is, as 802.11ac makes its way obsoleting the installed base, that does open up the market a bit for new testers. So there is an opportunity and a threat for LitePoint because once a new tester needs to come in and you can't upgrade a tester by the exact next version. So we're well ahead in that front. We're shipping this quarter, we've worked with the key chipset guy and we think we have a product that clearly can hold the market share. So that's going to drive a big buying, but that is not this year, maybe some this year, but it's not going to be a big part of the story this year. The design ins will be -- I think that's more volume next year and some revenue later in the year. And the next is the longer-term growth, which is all upside in the cellular. And the quick story there is basically taking the non-signal testing that LitePoint pioneered [indiscernible] 4 dots at the same time production optimized test with software that helps customers get their products to market faster. But they're going into a new market, and that's not easy to do. So there's a longer selling cycle. And they have got the designed in, but it's getting the next design in, the next design in, the next design in, so that's where a lot of the energy is going in. We're also making sure the very strong core business that's growing very healthy is well attended to.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, got it. The 4% share we did in the total market connectivity in cellular. If we just broke out connectivity, the share gains would have been much more dramatic. But we look at the markets together. They're both testing phones, tablets, same customers, so they're really, to us, the same market with different technologies, but doing similar things. So the 4 points was a very good growth, much of it was in connectivity. Again, that's part of the total market.
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, I think we're very confident with $160 million and plus revenue this year. I think midyear, we could be more explicit what that means. And $160 million plus off of $130 million, that's pretty good.
