Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, we're not going to get specific numbers for any specific customer. But what I will say is that certainly they are a significant customer paradigms and utilization is 100% plus. There's strong demand, there was demand all through the year. Utilization high. At this point that situation continues with the exception of 5G infrastructure, which represents a subset of the demand being weaker now than it was running in the second half of last year.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, hi. It is Sanjay. So the first thing is that -- I'll just say that Teradyne is going to be compliant with whatever the regulations are. And then the revenue impact I'd say is a little bit hard to call. I'm going to give you some color around there. Depending on there could be a lot of conjecture about what the rules could be. And whatever they are, I think that if there's that our inability to ship to Huawei for whatever reason, you have to consider -- if you consider the end market to be the end market, we believe that there would be a shift in to other providers. Now that would have a time gap as that process takes place. But I think it's very hard. A, we don't actually understand, what the regulations are going to be. And then b, the end market impact I think over the midterm we kind of work itself out, but there would be this fluctuation in the short term.
Sanjay Mehta: And from the memory profitability standpoint we see the margins in the profitability similar to the SOC market. 
Sanjay Mehta: Yes, I think that's -- CJ, Sanjay here. I think that you can view that as we see over the midterm growth really driven by as you said complexity in end devices, 5G both sub 6 and millimeter wave as well as share gains. So, I'd say it's more like 30% tied to market 70% tied to [indiscernible] roughly over the mid-term.
Sanjay Mehta: Well, I think on the UR front, as well as MiR seasonally Q4 is a generally high quarter if you look back over time. So that's encouraging. And it was actually one of the drivers of us being higher than our guidance range.  However, as we look into the first half, we are seeing that seasonal pattern come down from an IA perspective. And I think it's really early innings to call a recovery in those in industrials and automotive at this point from our standpoint.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah. So we see MiR and UR both contributing obviously to the 20% plus growth that Mark articulated. And we are investing and as I said, growing in distribution. As you know, MiR is coming from -- is a little bit later in years as coming from a smaller base. But we see both contributing quite significantly to that 20% plus growth. 
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. It is Sanjay. I think they come out in similar opportunities. I think what you're seeing right now in millimeter wave on the SOC test perspective, is a lot of engineering work and testers associated with that. And then you do have the LitePoint and device tester in parallel for what millimeter wave devices that are out there. And then when, as we say, it comes as we've said before, we believe it comes in waves and arguably 2021 and 2022. I think you'll see both of them come up. Obviously, the chip guys on the SOC test will be slightly ahead, but I think they'll mainly come similarly.
Sanjay Mehta: I think on the deployment time. Yeah, as I alluded earlier to where we're investing. And we continue to invest. I don't have specific metrics around that, but we continue to see improvement and improvement in the initial deployment, as well as the follow on deployments at an existing customer.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah. It's Sanjay. So I think the gross margin is roughly as you'd expect it to be. There's been no degradation at all. And I did comment that our operating profit in IA in general is 10%. We should expect that next year. I think -- when I think about the industrial automation business and our strategy towards it, fundamentally as we have significant growth. We plan on investing to improve our competitive position. We believe in this nascent market and our outlook in the long term, as Mark said earlier is unchanged. I think when you -- you should start thinking about it when you expect or when we expect growth in single digits. That's when you'd expect us to be at or above kind of our model profit or let's say 20% operating profit plus, as growth tends to slow. But as we see the market and as we believe that we're going to grow significant double digits. And into the future, we're going to continue to invest to drive the top line. And then when we see the growth table off, you'd expect our operating profit to improve. 
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, it's a combination of both I'd say. The other point I put that -- I'd add in there is that our 2020 forecast includes auto guidance. But it's both. Really, investments and in lead generation and closure distribution our partners, where we're really putting forward the go to market. But then also things like fleet management, system software and different software capability to help drive the scalability of our solutions to customers.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah. Hi, it's Sanjay. So I think, in Q1 we've had, we'll have some significant drivers outside of SOC test and then inside. The first one is storage test, for system level test in HDD, where we'll have a significant revenue in Q1, which will decline in Q2.  The second comment I'd make is that within Semi Test, we've got some share gains that require some initial tooling in Q1 that we will be moderating in Q2. The last point I'd leave you with is that it's still early stages of Q2. So it's roughly where we think we're going to end up.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, good question. So that $200 million number for 2019 was predominantly infrastructure related. And I think our share there was probably 70% plus. As we entered 2020, there'll be a shift toward handsets and infrastructure will come down a bit. And I'd say, our share as a consequence of that will probably be somewhere between that 50% to 75% -- 50% to 70% range, in that kind of a mix.  But longer term as more millimeter wave comes online. Again, we're talking probably post 2020, that's when the total market should grow with that $400ish million range for Semi Test. And then on top of that in LitePoint, there's probably we've been talking about $100ish million adder for 5G handset test. But the way we see it now it's likely that could be a bit higher. Now that may peak at around $150 million or so. So that's how it progresses out through the next few years.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, that's a good question. So I just like to point out that we have very little visibility into the second half. So the 55-45 split is purely based on a historical model or precedent where in 2016 and 2017, we add significant mobility handset test during in the first half. And we simply looked at that and said, everything else being equal, let's assume the year follows that pattern. But we don't have any data points that I would say are strong on that. And then with no infrastructure, we expect because most of the build out in infrastructure was concentrated in China last year. It ran very hot, it's in a pause right now. But there's plenty of geographies that still need to build out. So, that has to come back at some point. If you don't think it's in the first half of the year where we do have visibility, but it could be in the second half of the year or early next year. 
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, so there's lots going on under the covers in SOC tests. So the 5G bump was one component of it. But analog, and automotive were at a very low level which is another place where we have very high share. So low to you might say, sort of almost negated each other in terms of share -- net share gain.  Then the other effect going on is the -- there's a segment of the SOC test market. It is probably the only segment we don't serve which is LCD driver -- display driver. That market has grown quite dramatically [indiscernible]. It added I think about $100 million $150 million of market. It's pretty much all advanced test. And that kind of makes a difference in the calculations. 
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, I think with what we believe is being contemplated at the moment. And again, this is still in daily discussions obviously, in the Commerce Department and the Department of Defense and everything else that it would not have a significant impact to our plans for 2020. But what [indiscernible] said is true is that let's assume for a minute that something more draconian that we expect happens with restrictions. The demand in the market won't change so the supply will shift to other suppliers. We're well positioned that the likely other suppliers that will shift to. So it's simply a movement of one place to another.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, it's no competitive and no long term change. It's simply math, meaning we've got another ticket to that 2022 year. We've got three years to get there. We think 2020 is going to be better than '19 in terms of growth, but not in that 30% to 40% range that would make that viable. So we think we're going to again, move back north on growth rates this year, will be north of 20 for the group. And we would expect subsequent years to improve beyond that. But with the average it out over three years, that's kind of the range we think will be it. Longer term, nothing's changed. 
Mark Jagiela: Well, let's see. So first of all, share in 2018, we're roughly 30% share and last year we think will be around 43ish% share 43%. Looking to 2020 market, we're thinking $700 million, roughly would be the market. We've said the long term average should be about $750 million. I wouldn't be surprised if it was a bit higher. But again at this point it's hard to forecast. Now in terms of our share in 2020. The success we had all last year, we talked about this target of cracking in the final wedge of the memory test market, DRAM final test that we didn't participate in. And that was a yearlong project that finally came to fruition in December. So that sets us up going into 2020 to serve all four segments of the market.  China will continue to be pretty aggressive. So that's a balloon and I think our share, what I think in the last call, I said, expect our share to fall back into the high 30s, 35% to 40% range as DRAM snaps back in 2020. But now that we're playing in that market, we think shares going to stay up the net 40% range in 2020. 
Mark Jagiela: Got it. Thank you. Yes. So automotive and analog, tends to peak at around $500 million or so of the market, $500 million to $550 million. Last year, we expect that it was somewhere in the $300 million to $325 million range, so it's down by about $200 million.
Mark Jagiela: And CJ, I just, I would just add on that bit. The UR has higher exposure to automotive and sort of the general manufacturing issues that we're seeing in the market. But the fact that we did see the strong sequential performance that you alluded to, we did see a little bit of year-over-year gain. We introduced a new product last year with the 16 kilogram payload version that's just starting to ramp. And we're just now actually in April going to be rolling out the bin picking solution in North America. So new products, bottoming the headwinds in the manufacturing sector in Europe and North America are strong, strong indicators for us. And the other thing is that last year, we saw really good performance in China, in terms of growth. We grew -- I think it was 40% or so in China last year where those headwinds were absent. So UR in a very competitive region it's still showing that kind of lens. So we're really confident with the new products in this sort of diminishing headwinds. 
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, we've been blessed with a pretty stable nonvolatile test market here for quite some number of years. And so it's certainly possible on our way to 425 and beyond, we could see a drop down. We haven't seen that. Our EPS has been monotonically growing here for quite some time. So there's still likely volatility, it doesn't seem eminent. So, the drivers here, especially around 5G are going to be pretty big balloons. But, at the same time, you and I both know being around for as long as we've been in this industry, something like a 20% correction can occur. That in no way changes the fundamentals of where 5 nanometer, 3 nanometers are going to take us with complexity and what these device the 5G transceivers and antennas and such they're going into their phones over the next few years are going to bring to the test world. So, we don't plan or try to -- we're on a trend line projection, as you know and that's what we believe. 
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So I think that from a test intensity point of view, handsets will matter more. So the thing that made last year incredible in terms of infrastructure was the concentration in a very short period of time. So, to roll out China sub-6G or low band to put in the infrastructure to do that, a tremendous amount of capacity was built out in one year to make that happen. Millimeter wave's going to be spread over many years. I don't think that it's going -- it'll be marginally more test intensive than at the base station level than sub-6G. But it's not going to have the same sort of $150 million, $200 million pumped into TAM that we saw last year.  On the other hand, the handset side of this is where the real money will be for both LitePoint and Semi Test. And those going to be a tipping point that we need to reach specifically in the U.S. on deployment of millimeter wave base stations to shift, let's say, half the domestic supply of handsets to millimeter wave capable. And we still think that's probably 2021 or 2022. It may -- we're a little more optimistic that it's coming sooner on millimeter wave.  But if we go back to that $400 million bump to the SOC market. If you're thinking about 2022, it's probably $300 million plus of that is going to be handset related.
Mark Jagiela: And I've one more thing about LitePoint that we haven't mentioned that LitePoint's traditional strength has been WiFi connectivity test. And there's a lot going on in the next few years in the WiFi that's really encouraging to us. So finally 802.11ax or what's now been rebranded WiFi 6 as well on phones. That's going to propel our connectivity business. Then we're going to open up the 7 gigahertz, 6 to 7 gigahertz band for WiFi. That's another new need to retool the tester install base for that frequency band. And then we're -- and the industry is working on this new 802.11be standard that is 16x16 MIMO, 360 megahertz a channel bandwidth. Once again, requiring new test capacity. So unlike the past 4 years where connectivity's been kind of dormant when we look over the next 4 years connectivity is also going to see significant retooling shift.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, I think, we're fielding a bin picking solution that has a vision system embedded in it that we will kind of be a reseller for. But there's a wide variety of partners already in our UR plus echo system that are immediately embedded in our operating system. So all of that is sort of business as usual. No real new trends there.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, that's exactly what you said. So, in advance of deployments of the actual base stations, a lot of silicon test capacity goes in place. So now those base stations are churning out like mad out of the factories, which is why utilization of test equipment is very high. So it will require an additional bump in deployment rate of base stations to drive the next round of test equipment. So U.S., Europe, the rest of the world. And, China as well, there's not enough really capacity in China to totally facilitate China where it has to get to, but what they need to do for 2020 is probably sufficient.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. So our expectation this year is that the mix the combination of some of the design wins, I alluded to in my remarks around the UltraFLEXplus platform, plus a little bit I would say of a shift toward our customers in this year will bring our share likely up into the mid four year is what we expect.
Mark Jagiela: So the semi service for us for years has been a very strong part of the portfolio, its roughly runs around 20% of semi revenue. And, it's up into the $300 million range, we don't expect as a percentage of revenue it will vary that much. But that's roughly where it is.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, I think it'll scale with system revenue. I think on the industrial automation side, that's an area where service will go from when we acquire these companies having essentially no service business. We're now growing service in those businesses at a faster rate than the top line. So that will be a story that evolves here over the next few years, but in semi it should stay consistent.
Mark Jagiela: Thank you. Alright, everybody, thank you so much for joining us today. I apologize for the static at the front end of the call. And we look forward to talking to you in the days and weeks ahead. Bye-bye.
