Mark E. Jagiela: Thanks, Andy, and good morning, everyone. Our overall bookings in the first quarter were up 55% over the fourth quarter of last year and 12% higher than the first quarter of 2013. This was due to a very strong opening quarter in our Semiconductor Test business, where bookings were at their highest level since the rebound quarters of early 2010. Strong demand for application processor, microcontroller, and power management IC testing led the way, with orders for our UltraFLEX and J750 testers roughly doubling from the fourth quarter of 2013. As noted last quarter, our plan for 2014 is to lock in the 7 points of SOC share gain from 2013, and grow with the market expansion in 2014. With our strong Q1 result, that plan is on track for the year. The UltraFLEX continues to deliver on a strong position and mobility. In Apps Processor Test, the power of the platform's parallel test capability and fast time to ramp IG-XL software continues to win share. In RF, where chip scale packaging increasingly dominates, the UltraFLEX's unmatched accuracy of signal delivery at wafer test delivers higher yields for customers. And while more cores and components to manage in mobile electronics, the precision and complexity of power management ICs are advancing rapidly. Here, the UltraFLEX's DC architecture excels at the precise, current sourcing and measuring required by these devices. So all in all, our long-term UltraFLEX R&D strategy of creating the world's best platform for mobility device test is paying off. Microcontroller Test was another strong part of the Q1 story. Our J750 bookings more than doubled from the first quarter of 2013. Microcontroller is used as sensor management hubs in mobile devices, embedded with RF and consumer products, and general growth in industrial and automotive applications led the surge. To date, over 4,500 J750 platforms have been purchased worldwide, with new customers being added, particularly in Greater China, every quarter. I will also note that the strength in mobility and microcontroller did not extend to analog in Q1, and that segment has been relatively quiet for over a year. However, in the current quarter, we are seeing signs of improvement in this part of the market as well. In Memory Test, although orders were relatively slow in Q1, we are seeing momentum build in 2Q. Our new Magnum 5 FLASH tester is now in volume production, and we added a third customer in the quarter. We also received follow-on UltraFLEX high-speed memory orders for GDDR5 testing, and plan to ramp our new High Pin Count version for DDR4 testing in 2Q. Again, increasing device interface speeds on both FLASH and DRAMs play into our product line strength. So overall, we still see the 2014 SOC test market size in the $2.1 billion to $2.4 billion range, up from $1.9 billion last year, and the Memory Test market flat at about $450 million. As is typical with the annual cycle in mobility, we expect the SemiTest bookings momentum to continue in the second quarter, followed by a traditionally softer second half of the year. Our manufacturing capability is designed to respond to these surges, and we are in good position with upside as we ramp capacity in 2Q. In Wireless Test, first quarter bookings were $57 million, more than triple the orders of the seasonally slow fourth quarter, but down from a year ago. As we have said before, short lead times and relatively opaque visibility into the ramp plans of customers makes the short-term market and order timing difficult to forecast. However, we do see increased tester efficiency and reuse of installed test capacity, particularly in cellular, further compressing the overall market in 2014. Longer term, the growth prospects for the market remain strong following this period of optimization. As LTE begins its next phase of growth in China, and trends like MIMO and Carrier Aggregation gain momentum, the need for new test capabilities should grow. In System Test, we added 2 new customers for our recently introduced Multi-Site Inline TestStation for the commercial production board test market. And in our defense electronic test unit, despite ongoing pressure on government spending, we expect to continue to operate at or above model. On the other hand, our Storage Test business remains slow. The mainstream Hard Disk Drive test market still has excess capacity to work through, and while there's growing interest in SSD testing, it has relatively small potential volume in the near term. In summary, calling the full year is as difficult as ever, but we are off to a very solid start in 2014. Our product position in key growth segments remain strong and our share gains from 2013 are not only holding, but trending upward. Let me now turn it over to Greg to provide details on Q1 results, as well as guidance and perspectives on the second quarter.
Mark E. Jagiela: The only thing I'd quickly add, Jim, is many customers are trying to release their products earlier and faster. So that tends to cause us to move our shipments in a little earlier in the year. So I think you may see that occurring at times. So it all depends what the exact date is for these launches, and they tend to launch very vertical, very aggressively fast, so they need a lot of testers to stock the shelves.
Mark E. Jagiela: Sure, so Memory Test for us has been a success story, mostly tied to increasing interface speeds on both FLASH devices and DRAMs. So our products have been set up and architected to intercept that trend and it keeps coming our way. So as we exited last year, we exited with about a 25% share of the Memory Test market. It was about a $450 million market. This year, we think it will be roughly flat at $450 million and our goal is to pick up 3, 4 points of additional share this year. It looks like we are on track for that at this point.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, it's small numbers. I wouldn't say we've seen a material movement yet. But the new products we've introduced are targeted at these automated SMT lines, they are high-volume applications. It's a inline multi-site tester. We have had some design wins. We expect them to start to ramp for the rest of the year, and we are targeting some even higher volume applications. Those design wins are not concluded yet, so we don't know how they will turn out. But we see the same trend that you allude to and we positioned ourselves with this new product. But after that, these are -- shootouts are very long, shootouts, they go on for 9 months. So we are at the early stages of some of these and we do believe we have a very good product, with much greater throughput, that the customer can buy far less fixtures and get meaningful savings. So we are optimistic, but I think it's going to take a number of quarters before the numbers, perhaps, show some different trajectory.
Mark E. Jagiela: I think it's more of the evaluations [indiscernible]. And so, the actual orders, the decisions and the orders would flow, as Greg said, probably in the second half of the year. But certainly the evaluations have picked up.
Mark E. Jagiela: Okay. So last year, GPUs, MPUs and APUs, all were very low buying in the market. This year, APUs are going to -- are rebounding most dramatically of those 3, but there will be some return of buying for MPUs and GPUs as well, but probably the growth rate on APUs will be 2x to 3x higher than MPUs and GPUs.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, it's a mix of things. Actually, in connectivity testing, the market comparison over last year to this year is probably about flat, as best we can tell. So there isn't a big compression going on in connectivity. On the other hand, in cellular, there is an effect where the testers that have been deployed starting last year tend to be more productive. They tend to be able to do 4 devices in parallel versus prior to 2013, there were single devices in parallel. So there is an efficiency of the new equipment that is higher. The other thing that's happened is that the rollout of LTE is in a little bit of a lull now. There was a big rollout of LTE in the U.S. and Korea that occurred a year ago, but it's getting somewhat saturated. The next wave that's coming in China hasn't quite kicked in yet. So we're in this in-between zone on the cellular side. So that's another effect that we think will dampen that side of the market in 2014.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, I think based on where we see the trends in Q1 and Q2, it would probably take just a modest second half to reach that high end. The analog business coming on here in second quarter that I referred to earlier is another positive sign that we could be trending towards the higher end of the market size. So in Q1, as I mentioned, we didn't see very strong orders for analog or memory. But we did see very strong orders for microcontrollers and apps processors. That -- all of that continues in Q2, except now, memory and analog seem to be kicking in. So I would judge right now, it's probably trending a bit towards the high end.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, so for us, the gains have come in DRAM, typically the higher speed end of the spectrum. So graphics DRAMs have been very strong, with the new games that came out last year, that helped. New DDR4 high-speed interfaces for server DRAMs, have also been something that has pulled share our way, with our products. Then on the FLASH side, it's a similar story. As the NAND interface speeds continue to rise to support higher bandwidth FLASH memories for SSD applications, that's fit right into our products. So as that trend continues, and it's not -- that's the real direction of the market, that's why we're confident we can pick up a little more share this year.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, frankly, we have not seen a lot of customers ask for a tester that can do both. There are certainly some, but I would characterize it as the minority. The trade-off of combining cellular and Wi-Fi in a single tester is usually idle capacity in the tester at some point in time. So it's not as efficient. So if you're a high-volume manufacturer, a focused Wi-Fi tester, for example, that can evolve with the Wi-Fi standards and be very efficient there, combined with a separate box for cellular testing, is what we're being asked for. So I wouldn't call it a trend. It's something that a few suppliers do desire. We watch that, if it becomes something that the larger suppliers want to pull on, we certainly could create that product. But it doesn't come for free, it comes with a added cost into the product that most of our customers aren't willing to pay for.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, I think it's quite sustainable. What's driving it is a couple of things. So embedded FLASH is one driver that, I would say, started last year and persists into this year. The more embedded FLASH in a microcontroller, the long the test time tends to be. So that's a test time driver. Another driver is more A-to-D converters and more precision on the A-to-D converters. Unlike a digital microprocessor or a digital apps processor, microcontrollers have these A-to-Ds and D-to-As and then to communicate with sensors. And more and more, in mobile electronics, the sensor management is being offloaded onto these microcontrollers that may have 3, 4, 6, 7 analog ports to communicate to the sensors. Testing those ports is also a very high-precision and somewhat time-consuming test step. So the more analog sensors is connected to microcontrollers, typically the test time tends to go up. And then the third thing you mentioned, RF, is still to come, I would say. There's been certainly some J750 with RF capability business that's been developing here in the past few quarters, but most of that is tied to, I would say, a future world of microcontrollers used in machine-to-machine communication or wearables. And that's a little further off.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, again, I think the size of the Wireless Test market is really a hard one for us to triangulate on. We have roughly, for historical reference, said that we think in 2012, which was a blowout year, the market surged for that $1.3 billion in total. Last year, we said that the market compressed to maybe $1 billion. For the same connectivity and cellular testing, production testing. This year, it's really hard for us to say, but we're probably looking at a number around $700 million, plus or minus $100 million. Most of that contraction coming, as I said earlier, in cellular. Wi-Fi and connectivity seems to be holding up.
Mark E. Jagiela: Okay. Well right now, on the Semiconductor Test side, we are seeing some demand for semiconductor testers for the infrastructure chips that go into the base stations and such, so it's really a leading indicator, as the infrastructure gets built out in China throughout this year. I think on the handset side, it seems that, that will follow more -- my estimate would be 2015. So we're in a infrastructure year, it doesn't drive a lot of the Wireless Test demand from LitePoint, perhaps, next year as handsets start to ramp, then we'll see that come back.
Mark E. Jagiela: Mehdi, I think the quarterly trend will look similar to last year. The Q4 is certainly the trough. And Q2, Q3 tend to be the peak shipments. So -- because lead times are so short, it's very difficult to be precise here, but I think the patterns of the past will repeat. And we are really just speculating that it could be down 30%. We don't have any great insight. I will add that, in cellular, we gained market share last year. Connectivity, our market share was very strong. So I think that we feel that we can hold up pretty well with our strong connectivity market share and this is an opportunity for us to -- if there isn't a whole lot of cellular buying, to demonstrate our products and secure more design wins in Asia, and that's what we're out doing.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, I think in the past couple of years it has been trending down. It is not something that -- we tend to be modeling it conservatively. We sized the business and sized our model revenue to assume a somewhat lower buy rate. In some years, it does snap back. So it's a conservative set of financial sizing assumptions, is what I would say. And we can ride the upside and we always have the manufacturing capacity to ride the upside if it developments.
Mark E. Jagiela: No, I don't think so, but I do think that the capital intensity rate varies by segment. And so, as we discussed earlier, applications processors as a class of devices tends to have a lower average buy rate, than let's say, analog or even microcontroller. So depending on the mix in any given year of what's surging in terms of tooling, you can get aberrations in these sort of average buy rates.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, I think the main driver for tester capacity is unit growth more than the nodes. The nodes might create a little bit of an aberration, as yields need to get worked out. So there may be a little bit of extra capacity put in on an immature node, but the testers definitely get reused across multiple nodes, and I would expect that when finFET 14, 16 comes along, the main driver of extra capacity will be continued unit growth, more so than the immaturity or something to do with the technology node.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, I think it's really unit growth. It's been an anomaly now for about a year. And I think that, finally -- I don't have a good answer for you as to why, but it's now moving back into line with how we normally expect analog to perform with the rest of the market. So I do think it's driven by units and it's now more correlated with what it has been historically prior to 2013.
Gregory R. Beecher: Sure, Jim. A lot of it gets tied to the product introductions of our customers and where they fall in the calendar year. So in 2013, we saw a little bit more back-end loaded surge. This year might be a little bit similar to that. But the lead times we have tend to be 4 to 8 weeks, depending on the product line. So we just try to position ourselves to run with the demand and we don't try to get overly fixated on the quarterly boundary too much. But that is about as much color as I could give on it.
Gregory R. Beecher: Jim, this is very consistent with 2012. 2012, you recall, we had very high amount of digital-centric buying for application processors. The same thing is happening this year. That buying is happening early in the year and that part of our business carries a different margin profile. The volumes tend to be very high. The percentage is a little bit lower. And I think we said last call that we expect this year, the gross margin to be -- for the year, to be about 54%, starting off lower as the application processors work their way through the earlier part of the year.
Gregory R. Beecher: That would be yes, depending where the market ends up. It's very early in the year and difficult to call. And we had a big win last year in cellular. And this year we see cellular going through what connectivity has been through last year. So depending on where the markets end up, we could be down. We think we'll do well in market share, and we did lap [ph] very well in market share the last few years. So I think it's more of a market size. And then we think beyond this year, we think there is some positive items that should bring the market more to a healthier stage.
Gregory R. Beecher: The OpEx has only about $3 million, that's a [indiscernible], finishing some projects that should go away next quarter. The other portion of the increase is simply variable compensation. So the model that we reset or communicated back in October, we're on that model. So if you go back further in time, you'll see our OpEx is up depending upon when you -- how far back you go. But what we've done is, we've invested more in some of the engineering and distribution, some in SemiTest and some in LitePoint. And it is principally because we've gained good amounts of market share and to get that next couple of points of market share, we need to make some more targeted investments. And as you get more customers, often we find there's more requirements. So as you grow the top line, you end up having to put a bit more engineering.
Gregory R. Beecher: There is -- apps processor is the single item that probably, just given its volume, is the item that's moving our margins to where they were in 2012. And that's the same thing that happened in 2012. And apps processing volume, by its nature, tends to be very compressed. There is only 1 or 2, a very small number of big players who are buying large volumes. So it is compressed in terms of the end customer, whether it's '12 or '14, it's a list of 2 or less.
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, the tax rate, we think for '14, I think we said it last quarter, was 18%. There was this discrete thing that shows up in our GAAP numbers, that we take off for non-GAAP, having to do -- it gets very complicated, but we don't put discrete things in our rate, because those are kind of one-time things that hit a quarter. But on the annual rate, 18%, we believe, is a good estimate. And we said as well that our tax rate is probably going to be mid-20s. And over time, we will get there. We will obviously look, are there other planning things we can do to get a better result. But at least for this year, you should use 18%.
Gregory R. Beecher: We think for this year, we'll put about $75 million of capital work into leases. And that's much higher than we have ever done in any particular period. But this particular range had made commercial sense based upon a whole set of circumstances. I don't think, if you look at next year or the year after, you'll see anything close to that. I think it will be more along the lines of $10 million a year, which is sort of the run rate we've had in its kind of lowest level.
Gregory R. Beecher: No, it's not a set of smaller customers. There is no credit issues, whatsoever. It's a strategic decision by the customer, how they want to use their capital dollars. But I don't want to get into more detail than that.
Gregory R. Beecher: Basically we recognize revenue and profits slower. Instead of shipping a product and getting the sales and profits upfront, we're going to recognize it over a longer time period. So our surge or our revenue growth this year doesn't have the full value of those testers. It only has maybe 6 months, 9 months, 3 months. It only has a partial period of that revenue in our P&L. So in truth, it's actually a much stronger surge when you factor in $75 million, this is, again, our book value, $75 million book value we are putting in on testers. So it is a fairly strong start to the year.
