Greg Beecher: Certainly LP DDR4 is accelerating and because of the interface speeds, that's driving more testing of that type of product onto our tester. So it is share gains, but it's related to that interface speed.
Greg Beecher: Krish, first, LitePoint over the last three years has operated above the company targets. So it's done well financially albeit the sales have declined, but it's a good profit contributor. But in terms of how to grow the business going forward, there's a whole set of adjacencies around LitePoint that are more connected to some number of production, whether it's smartphones and tablets, there's other test insertions that we can go after. So we're going to target that, but that won't start showing up until next year. We do have a small footprint in pre-production test, but it is small. So there are opportunities there, but we certainly don't cover the entire pre-production portfolio that some of the larger competitors do.
Greg Beecher: Last year we talked about putting in about $35 million of leased testers which was more of an aberration, not business as normal. In this call we mentioned about one-third we got orders for. That means there's 2/3rds left. We would not be surprised if over the next some number of quarters a significant portion of those testers could also be purchased.
Greg Beecher: $75 million was the book value. When we put leased testers in, we do it at our cost, $75 million. We obviously sell them for a different amount than the book value. If we just stick with book value for a moment, $75 million of book value put in place orders for one-third to date with some comments that I provided that we would not be surprised if more of those testers were bought out during this year.
Greg Beecher: Well, this would be a factor as to why the SOC TAM came up among other factors. At the beginning of the year, we weren't expecting to have this volume of testers being converted from lease to purchases. So that drives more revenue into this year. So that's one factor, again, among several others that cause to us adjust our estimate of the market size.
Greg Beecher: The lease is just normal product sales. It doesn't move the margins materially one way or the other compared to other semi test like range of product. So that's not a big factor. It's hard to pin down mix. It depends what you look at in terms of our portfolio. But this is a very good quarter for mix, the second quarter and again we have no inventory charges planned or retrofits in the second quarter. So you're looking at the numbers against other quarters where there may have been some of these charges and the charges are found later in the quarter. They're not found at the time you're given the guidance.
Greg Beecher: And then I think the first part of your question was the bookings trend. I should just add that a chunk of the bookings in the first quarter were connected with our new 3.5-inch hard disk drive tester which the lead times are quite long on that that we provided customers. So that's going to ship in the second half of the year, that product. So therefore, bookings come in a bit earlier than they might otherwise.
Greg Beecher: That's not in the plans now. I can't say that would never come to pass, but just last year we were above the company model for operating profits. So even in a down market, I know you hear about our competitors bemoaning the space. We still have very good gross margins and good operating profit, but for us it's less about percentages. It's more the dollars aren't as high as we need them to be or like them to be, particularly given the prior two years when the volumes were substantially higher. But there is always a chance that we will have to fine-tune any of our businesses and LitePoint is not an exception to that. But we have made some adjustments and we need to see how this year plays out and we have a number of new close adjacencies and other test insertions, so we need to see how they latch. We will look at that through the year. We obviously have a history of adjusting where we need to. If that's necessary, we will take the action.
Greg Beecher: You're correct that we were depreciating the systems under GAAP and we've sold them. Keep in mind, we got orders for one-third. Orders. We didn't ship everything. So the leased system and you have to figure out, what was the original economics of the transaction which we're not going to disclose, but they were tied to a large purchase. But certainly depreciating them and then selling them, those two factors would give you a better margin than otherwise. But it's not moving the margin in a material way given the size of this business in this quarter.
Greg Beecher: I will do the numbers. The memory bookings in the first quarter were $64 million. And the memory sales in the first quarter were $44 million.
Greg Beecher: It's like good wine. You can't pop the bottle before its time. There are a couple of good candidates, but we can't rush anything. We have to make sure that we're thoroughly comfortable, it's a good fit, we can help them grow faster. When we describe it to our investors or our board, they're very comfortable with it. It makes sense. But it's about making sure the valuation makes sense relative to the synergies and the advantages we can give the business. We've been work on a small number for a long period of time, but it hasn't stopped us from returning capital, either. So I think we try to say a couple quarters ago, it's not an either/or. We're going to do both. When we look at these targets, we're constantly looking at, at this price, with this plan, with these synergies, are we better off buying back stock. We do that every single opportunity. And sometimes we don't do a deal because we're better off buying stock.
Mark Jagiela: In SOC, I would say that Taiwan continues to be by far the strongest place for demand for capacity. It can episodically move back and forth, but I would say this year there's nothing that's going to clearly shift that Taiwan dominance of demand.
Mark Jagiela: On the analog business, it's still very strong. So it's not in our view being tempered by anything related to some of the recent announcements. And automotive in particular is an area that continues to draw heavy demand from the Eagle product line, so that's a particularly strong area. But I would say there's other power applications that are more industrial as well as automotive. Inverters and IGBT type devices are also pulling demand. So we see that compared to years past, analog is never quite as volatile as the digital side of test, but that is a steady, growing, good business for us.
Mark Jagiela: And then on the image sensor business, image sensor testing has been a very strong piece of our portfolio for years. It is volatile. It is more volatile than, let's say, the analog market. And this year looks like we could see business levels for image sensor testing twice the size we saw last year. So that's really taking off. A lot of it is mobility, but there's also cameras more and more moving into automotive applications, part of the story there. There's a higher test intensity around that image kind of sensor. There is a wider proliferation of styles of image sensors. There's infrared, for example, compared to just visible light and some other innovations going on. So that looks like a solid, solid piece of the portfolio. On the comment around Korea and such, I don't think that's abnormally distorting any part of the market size estimate that we've given. The increase I would say is by and large the lease conversions, the image sensor business and the analog business, those three pieces being somewhat stronger than we expected.
Mark Jagiela: You've got rough math right, but remember, we're not necessarily baking in full conversion. As we've updated our market size forecast, we haven't assumed full conversion of those leases. As Greg mentioned, we got about a third converted in the first quarter. If more convert, it's likely that would raise the estimate for the market size for the year. So that's a piece of what we've looked at. And then the other two, as I mentioned, would be image sensor and analog beam is stronger. So you might think at this point in the year half of the increase comes from the lease conversions and half come from strength in those other two segments. As we go through the year, there's a little bit of a bias here that it could go up.
Mark Jagiela: Maybe on the last point first, so the market for Wireless Test and Teradyne's history has been dominated historically looking backwards by some very large customers. And the benefit of serving those large customers was evident in some of the returns we've had in LitePoint in the past. But as those large customers begin to change their test strategy and come back to a much lower level of buying, it's not yet -- that decline has not yet been offset by growth in other regions like China and Korea. We're very close to the inflection point on that is what we believe. So offsetting that large customer will be growth in other suppliers in other regions of the world. So it will be a slow pull-out from that. There is certainly -- compounding the issue will be oversupply. There are four major suppliers in a $450 million to $600 million market at this point. So that will have pretty intense competition as the market turns around to some modest growth. And so that's why we see in that core connectivity cellular test business modest return to growth for us and the market over the next few years. And that's also why we've launched these other products to go after other test insertions that aren't related to those two areas. We've got to expand the TAM in order to get our target growth rates back in Wireless Test. So that's how we think about it. That's what we see going on.
Mark Jagiela: No, we're just seeing the normal seasonality expectations for the second half. At the beginning of the year, we outlined how there is a pattern tied to the complexity of new consumer products that are introduced in any given year. And if you look backwards, coincidentally, even years tend to have been larger test markets than odd years. Completely tied to complexity increase in products, our customers' product. That still is a theme this year. So that's what makes the overall market in our estimation down from last year. Albeit we're revising it up a bit, it's still down. And what we see in the second half as a pattern is really not that different from what prior years have shown in the second half.
Mark Jagiela: The image sensor business will I think be strong throughout the year. The memory test business will be similar. I don't think there's a seasonal pattern around those two necessarily. And Wireless Test typically has a very front end loaded pattern as well, similar to SOC test. So there we will probably see most of the demand be put in place through mid-third quarter.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I would say that substantially nothing has changed. The lease conversions which is part of the drive for a larger market, really are not new capacity going in. It's just a financial transaction. So in terms of new capacity adds for aps processors through the year, it's tracking about what we expected.
Mark Jagiela: I would say this is a rough average, but mobility devices probably drive about half of our tester demand in general. So that's a rough way of thinking about it. So it is absolutely right that there's a -- the rate of growth of units is declining. It's less -- what's most important to us is the absolute unit growth in terms of the number of new units per year multiplied by the complexity of the devices that are in those phones. And the complexity of the devices is really what's changing. As I mentioned in my remarks, on the up -- take applications processors. Application processors are now typically more complex than the processors you find in your laptop or desktop computer. Those transistors and that complexity to get low-power, high-performance, move power cores up and down seamlessly without injecting any problems, talk across high-speed buses to LP DDR4 interfaces, all of those things actually compound the complexity compared to a conventional laptop processor. That drives up -- the first thing that drives up is test seconds. So the test seconds we see on these devices is increasing to get better fault coverage and better yields for the parts. That's actually accelerating a bit. The other theme around, the die sizes are shrinking but the transistor counts are increasing. For us, it's really a game of units. As long as units are going up which they are and complexity is going up, the test consequence goes up. The other part of it is that each generation of processor to enable higher bandwidth communications with memory to enable lower power, typically have had more device pin counts. And packaging, like wafer scale packaging and other kinds of technology allow that increased pin count without a lot of added cost for the device. But testing those additional pins is another multiplier effect on the test intensity. So what we've seen and I've talked about in the past is parallel test is something that is flat lined and in some cases inverting backwards. So you might have seen, for example, a year or two ago a complex application processor being tested eight in parallel on a tester. Because of the complexity increase, some of that is inverting back to maybe six in parallel or four in parallel. So that is also a good trend line for the business. And all of that is what gives us the confidence to see a market that has been declining moving to a market that will be growing, looking forward.  I could go into similar issues with power management ICs which are even -- in terms of the rate of growth of complexity, are even higher. But that's the general trend.
Mark Jagiela: No, I think it's still going to show every other year growth. The swing in year-over-year differences has not been -- it's the rate of change of complexity. So in any given year, new devices get introduced, they may have a step function increase in their complexity or a more modest increase. And we still expect that cadence to continue. But the test, depending on whether it's a modest or complex increase, the test impact will still proportionally go up compared to the past, we believe. And that's not just true of applications processors. That's also true of power management and RF transceivers.
Mark Jagiela: Just going back to why are we picking up share, if we look at both NAND, flash and DRAM, two things have happened over the past four years that continue to happen that are very favorable for us. When we reentered the memory test market, we made a -- we had to make a decision, how were we going to be different than the large incumbent. We made a bet on building testers that had a lot of high-frequency capability to test emerging bus standards. So take NAND flash for a minute. NAND flash, when it was dominated in audio applications, was a pretty low-speed device. As it moves into smartphones and as it moves into SSDs, the interface speeds on NAND flash have grown dramatically and continue to grow and new standards are coming out faster than had been forecast even two years ago. That means the test system has to be able to both stimulate and read data from that high-speed interface. If it can't do it, it's obsolete. It can't be used. Our testers having been architected with that head room sit there as the only alternative to a customer who is moving up rapidly in bus speed. And that's worked in our favor both on the DRAM side which has a similar story and on the flash side. That's the real single factor.
Mark Jagiela: It's hard to tell, but if we just listen to what our customers are telling us, it looks like the demand will be relatively steady through the year.
Mark Jagiela: I think over the long haul, it doesn't have an impact. In any given period, if one customer has excess capacity that could be absorbed, it might have a period impact to us. But in general, test capacity finds utilization over time and it doesn't impact the long term trend lines we're talking about, but it could absolutely impact a couple of quarters.
Mark Jagiela: So, yes it refers to both, although I would say final test is reaching the limits and inflecting earlier than probe. I think probe still has some head room here in terms of the technology can allow parallelism to be maintained at the level it is for a while. But I think on the package test side, the complexity of building these interface boards for these new devices is such that the payback is really not worth it. That's what it's really coming down to.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, well some devices classes have moved to wafer level packaging already. A lot of the RF Wi-Fi and combo parts are already wafer level packages, wafer scale packages. So essential they're only tested at wafer. For other parts, like an applications processor, as an example or power management IC, I see those as package devices for some time. The trend that's emerging is are the people have been trying to enable, are these interposers that allow the mounting of multiple die economically into -- on an interposer, then putting them in a single package. The impact to Teradyne in that world is actually not bad. It's pretty good, because you now have to test the wafer a little more rigorously than before to ensure that the die that you're mounting on the interposer is good. And once that you have package that now has three or four die in it, it has to be tested and it's a much more complex test challenge than a singulated package would be. So the complexity issues that arise from 2.5D and 3D packaging are quite good for us, we think.
Mark Jagiela: That inflection of growth, that's absolutely a factor. It's a complexity. It's part of that complexity element of the future.
Mark Jagiela: Well, in memory test, on the flash or low-speed memory test side, we have a product we introduced last year called the Magnum V. And the Magnum V is obviously a legacy of a long line of Magnum products that has come out of the next test group that we acquired several years ago. And typically what happens when you introduce a new tester, every new tester we introduce has an aggressive target around cost down. It gets introduced into the market and as it ramps, it tends to improve the margin mix early in its life. And as it ages, it somewhat diminishes in its positive mix contribution and then the next tester gets introduced. And so there is a bit of a sawtooth effect on margins with new products. That's not atypical. That goes on, has gone on forever, but we're early in the life of the Magnum V at this point and it is helping.
Mark Jagiela: I think that what I would say is that flash and DRAM probe which are all, I would say, not low speed but lower speed insertions, is the more interesting growth area that we see.
Mark Jagiela: First of all, for semiconductor test equipment and the specific example you cite, testers rarely go obsolete. They tend to have a 10-plus-year useful life. And this is different than what we saw in LitePoint's business a few years back. These testers that are installed today for applications processor test will be utilized for the next generation of applications processor. There's no doubt about that. But on top of that, because of the other factors that we mentioned, there will need to be incremental capacity added. Just like the surge we saw last year came on top of previously installed capacity that was also reused. So there's going to always be a relatively high level of reuse of Semiconductor Test equipment generation to generation. There's also upgrades that are provided, too, to keep the testers going a longer time period which generates good contribution.
