Sanjay Mehta: Sure. Roughly at the midpoint, last time, we got to the SOC Tam, at the midpoint about 3.6. Now, obviously, it's Greg noted 3.7 to 4.1. So roughly a $300 million increase. And that's really tied to the compute market as a key driver. And there's we're rounding to hundreds of millions. So it's, but it's mainly in compute. And I would say, from a share perspective, our view on the full years that were roughly flat may tick a bit.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. Hi, it’s Sanjay, thanks for the question. I'd say spread across the entire semi test portfolio across many of the product lines. And the supply shortages are, as I've noted, in the past, really tied to analog and linear logic, a couple of other items, but those are the ones that as we're working with our supply chain partners to supply comes online to enable that. And so right now, it's excluded from the range. And we're trying to be transparent, just as we have over the last couple of years. And I just want to be clear that if that does come out of Q4, and is provided into Q3, it shouldn't have an overall impact on the second half of the year.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. From, let me take it from a market and then bring it down to revenue for context. So we view in our view of the market size, we view that auto and industrial has about 25% of the SOC tam this year. And relative to our revenue, we believe that of the SOC revenue that we have, it's about 35% of our revenue, or just under roughly 20% of our revenue overall. That's how we see the year unfold.
Sanjay Mehta: Well, hi, it's Sanjay here. Thanks for the question. I think it's just the timing within our semi test portfolio that you're seeing kind of the ebbs and flows. It's not uncommon for Q4, and some of our tests businesses to have a lower Q4. It's nothing more than that.
Greg Smith: So this is Greg. Yes, we think that storage is sort of running along at a minimal ship rate, we're going to expect to continue at that rate. And there might be a recovery in 2024. But I don't think it would be a first half thing. I think that there's still a fair amount of softness in the end market for HDD, a fair amount of oversupply. So it's really only when we're going to see significant capacity inflection when hammer comes online, and demand increases, that will drive higher test times and ultimately drive additional capacity purchases. But that's probably further out in time than the first half of next year.
Greg Smith: Good morning, Mehdi, this is Greg. So the semiconductor process roadmap seems to be pretty much in line with what we saw before, perhaps a little bit of ramping three nanometer a little bit more slowly than we would have expected maybe back in 2020. But in terms of compared to recent events, it's pretty much on track. The key thing is that those complexity transitions are occurring in a market where end unit volumes, especially in mobile are significantly down. So even though the complexity increases are happening, and we are seeing sort of the expected changes in test time, there is a fair amount of idle capacity because of the unit declines that's being filled versus at driving new tester purchases. So I hope that answered your questions. But basically, we think that the pace of new process adoption is kind of going as we expected.
Greg Smith: So I think our view of 2024 is that the number of high volume three nanometer devices is definitely going to increase, so there'll be more chips on three nanometers. And the sort of third party reports that we see around end market is that it's up but not up dramatically. So I've seen numbers between 3% and 5% in terms of smartphone unit volume increases. So we definitely think that there's going to be three nanometer coming from more fabs, they're going to be more parts on three nanometers. And volumes are going to be up. So we think that 2024 is going to be incrementally stronger than 2023.
Greg Smith: Good morning, Vivek. Thanks for the question. So the good news is that utilization hasn't gotten any worse. So tam it's up a bit so in the 2% to 5% increase in terms of utilization of Teradyne equipment. So our view is really of our own fleet, the thing that I will tell you is that there is a significant disparity in utilization between IDM and subcons. So, utilization inside of IDM is in the upper 80s. And that's well into the range where our customers are actively adding capacity. And that's really the strength that we see in automotive. In subcons, the utilization is nearly 20 points lower, but it is heading in the right direction. So I think it's a really good question in terms of how much that idle capacity will impact the size of business in 2024. So we are. that's sort of factored into our plans, we think 2024 would be stronger, but we really don't have a great idea about how much stronger it will be.
Greg Smith: So it's a good question. The first thing that I'll point out is that the group has consistently underperformed our profit targets, it hasn't consistently lost money. So this is, I think this is really the first year where we're projecting a loss for that group. But you're right, we are in robotics for growth, and we're not delivering the growth that we expect it to from this from this business. And what we're really discovering is that there's a, f I'm going to sort of sum it up, we misunderstood how large the potential end market is, and how much the early years of those business was driven by very sophisticated early adopters, people that were like, robot enthusiast. And what we found is that as we satisfied those early enthusiasts and started moving into a larger market, where people were more focused on just buying a solution, that they didn't have the skills that they needed to put these robots into operation. So that's the logic behind our transformation in the channel at UR that by shifting more emphasis towards solution providers like OEMs, we're going to be able to provide solutions that are at the level of the capability of our customers. And by directly connecting to larger customers. Those are customers that have the heft to be able to maintain and implement the robots within their organizations. So I think that the thing that's that we're discovering is that the challenge in robotics isn't as much around technology as it is a go-to-market and a product market fit challenge. And we have a lot of evidence that our products do deliver value, we just are working out the best way to get them into the hands of our customers in a way that they're going to be able to easily adopt them.
Greg Smith: Oh, yes. So thanks for the cue, Andy. So in terms of the competitive environment, the UR is a clear leader in its space, it has more than 3x the market share of our nearest competitor. And our shares in the mid-30s. We are, we see two kinds of competitors, industrial robot makers that are pivoting into Cobots. And sort of pure play cobot companies, mostly from China, we have not lost any significant share to the industrial robot players that have entered the cobot market in the past couple of years. But we have lost a few points of share to the Chinese pure play entrance. And almost all of that share losses specifically in China. So I said that our share was like mid-30s. worldwide, if you exclude China, our share worldwide is over 50% or around 50%. And it's much- much lower in China. And to be really frank, we are struggling with coming up with the best solution to gain share in China because a lot of that market is being served at prices that aren't profitable for us. And we're not really interested in growth at the expense of overall profitability. In AMRs, it's the Wild-Wild West, we have about the total AMR market is about $2 billion per year, and our share is probably in the range of about 3%. And we're in a crowd of a whole bunch of other companies that are in that 1% to 6% range. The thing there is that it's very fragmented, there's no clear leader and we are really working on trying to establish strategic relationships with global customers, because they're the ones that have the ability to adopt large fleets. So I think we see competition, but we believe that it's fragmented and will be able to outperform.
Greg Smith: So in mobile, I would say that we bake edge AI into the complexity factor. So the edge AI is the market pole that is causing the chipset, the mobile processors developers to go to three nanometer and to increase their transistor counts a lot. So I lumped then and I think that's probably the key driver for complexity in mobile is increasing the capability for AI in the handset. Having said that, the pace at which complexity increases is kind of linear, it's not, it hasn't inflected up, it's not inflecting down, it's been a pretty consistent factor. The thing that we see inflecting in 2024 is the unit volume. So when we look at this, we tend to look at peak quarters, peak shipment quarters, and the peak shipment quarter in 2020 was 20%, higher than the peak shipment, quarter in 2022 for smartphones. And that's a pretty big hole to try and dig out of. So, next year, unit volume is going to inflect. And complexity has been increasing over the past, will have been over the past four years. So we expect to see unit volume being the driver
Greg Smith: So cloud AI driving HBM and DDR5 is something that we expect to continue, it's still a minority of the DRAM shipments. And so there's significant room for it to grow. And there's also less oversupply in those parts than there is in the general DRAM market. The application of AI in mobile is going to drive the adoption of next generation flash protocols. And that will also drive performance of tester sales into that segment. And then when you look in the SOC space, there's significant business, of course, for traditional compute suppliers. But it is the primary driver for vertically integrated producers to be developing their chips. And so where we're looking for growth in those VIPs in 2024, for both especially for cloud AI, hyper scalar type stuff, but also in terms of AI capabilities and vehicles, we expect that that's going to be a driver of business from those nontraditional compute players.
Greg Smith: Sure. So let me take that backwards. So in terms of how long does it take, we expect that we're going to see significant improvement in Q4 of this year, related both to the release of the UR20. And also, that will have given us kind of 12 months of direct account coverage in some large accounts, which is on par with what our normal sales cycle is. So we're hoping to see some improvement in Q4 results over where we are now. In terms of the scale for profitability, I think it's probably best to talk about that in terms of where we are now and where we're heading to. So our target going into 2023 was that this group was going to yield 5% to 15% profit. And we've capitulated against that because we're not achieving the growth. That is our baseline in terms of our planning for next year is to return to that range. And by the time we are at the end of this midterm in the ’22 to ’26 timeframe, we expect that profitability range to eke up a couple of points from there. But the answer to when the profits that we make from robotics is in the same range as our sort of mature semi test business. That really depends on the growth rate that we're seeing as we exit this midterm. So if we're on track, and that business is growing 20% to 30% per year, then we're going to continue to drive it in that 10% to 20% profit range, because we see a tremendous, a larger future value by doing that, if we're seeing that we've misunderstood the scale of this $500 billion potential end market, then we will be changing gears and trying to reduce our OpEx in those groups to try and get into the same range as the rest of the company. The rule of thumb that we are, that are we're planning to is we want that group to operate at a rule of 40. And I would be delighted to have it, delivering 30% growth and 10% profit exiting the midterm, because that means that we'd be on track for having that unit at multiple billions of dollars over the long term.
Greg Smith: Yes. So it's, the memory market is famously volatile. And it is remarkable that the TAMS have been as stable as they've been over the past couple of years. I, it's too early in the year right now, for us to really peg dollar value or even a range for next year. I am optimistic that there is -- that there are more up forces than down forces against the memory tam next year. So you have sort of a consistent pace of technology adoption that we think is going to continue, we think that HBM is going to continue to grow as a portion of the memory business, we think that transitions to new protocols are going to happen. And from what I've seen in the analysis of the memory makers, it appears that they're working through their inventory, and that they may be in a position to start adding more capacity in terms of the mainstream of their business. So I think it's, I think it'll be up but I'm not going to -- I'm not going to agree with the number that you put out there.
Greg Smith: Yes, so I think the way I would model it is normal seasonal Q4 plus the additional shipments of UR20. So we were expecting, our Q4 is always our strongest quarter of the year. And we have -- we've been taking orders for the UR20 for nearly a year at this point. And we have a significant backlog that will support sort of a new layer or basically represents additional SAM that we're serving that we were unable to serve before.
Greg Smith: No. So we began shipments of the robot at the end of the second quarter, we will recognize that revenue plus continue shipments in the third quarter, but the volume per week is increasing as we go through Q4. So the bulk of the revenue is going to be in Q4.
Greg Smith: So, it's interesting, we had a conversation about this yesterday. And we expect a pretty robust recovery in mobile over time. But at this, like while this has been going on, the amount of semiconductors in cars and the complexity of semiconductors in cars, is really accelerating. And the investments around cloud computing, and especially AI accelerated cloud computing are proceeding at a pretty good clip. So when you look back in time are sort of a large portion of the whole SOC tam was mobile and there were years for us where it was over 50% of our SOC sales went into that space. What we see looking forward is we think the whole market is going to grow at kind of 8% to 13% CAGR. That mobile will come back, but the rest of the market will have grown so that it's less concentrated in that area. So it's not like mobile's dead. But we think that there's a greater level of diversity across segments looking forward.
Greg Smith: So one of the things that we have highlighted about VIP is because there are a relatively small number of players, and the parts that they're producing are quite complex, that it's going to be spotty that there will be capacity buys that happen for particular devices, and they will, and so one customer will pop and then a different customer will pop. So, we think that year-on-year from 2022 to 2023, the VIP tam is going to be down a bit. Our share like last year, we had more than $100 million of revenue in VIPs. This year, it's probably between $50 million and $100 million. So I don't know exactly what it'll be in 2024. But by the time we get out to 2026, we think that TAM is probably going to be somewhere north of $500 million so it's going to be a significant chunk of the overall SOC Tam by the time we exit this midterm.
Greg Smith: So the fun thing about HBM is that it, it doesn't go into a package. So it's essentially all way for test, there are two phases of that wafer tests. So there's a test of the memory itself. And then there is an interface performance test, which is done at the wafer level. And so once all of that test takes place, and the HBM has been built up, then it gets shipped off to be incorporated into a chiplet base design for the final product. The tam that we're talking about for HBM test is probably roughly split about half and half between the core testing and the performance testing.
Greg Smith: No, it's much, much more diverse. So last year, like what you could probably think about is that the broad diversity of customers from last year to this year is actually increasing. But last year, on top of that broad base, a single customer did pop for a lot of capacity. So I think that's, so I guess the answer to your question is yes and no.
Greg Smith: So it's a tough split to make. Because if you compare us to peers in industrial automation, we have a significantly different lead time profile than most industrial automation player. So we're working with kind of five weekly times. And for industrial robots and for standard automation, those lead times are out kind of two quarters. So we tend to compare what our business is doing to what their businesses are doing looking at order rates. And so if you look at order rates for say you are, we're down roughly 10%, year-on-year. So first half of ‘22 to the first half of ‘23. If you look at some of our robot, industrial robotics peers, they're down 20% or greater over that same comparison period. So there's definitely a broad economic headwind that we're facing. But because we're coming into this space as a disruptor, we would expect to have significantly higher growth than the main players. And right now, we're not happy with the growth that we're seeing. We also think that we should have greater immunity to these cycles, because we're solving a problem that these manufacturers have, whether it's good business or bad business. And so I think what you're seeing is our current distribution is quite vulnerable to macroeconomic cycles, and the distribution, the distribution setup that we're moving towards, is going to be more suited to deliver consistent results. So I would say that it's, honestly, I think it's mostly macroeconomic that the macroeconomic headwinds are particularly bad, given the types of customers that we serve and the way that we serve them. The build out of OEM and large account coverage is something that's going to give us better immunity in future headwinds.
