Mark E. Jagiela: Okay. Well, the build-out for advanced packaging at one level has been going on for several years. Now, this coming year will be a particularly larger shift to that kind of technology. But our view is whether it's an advanced package or cingulated die packaging, the incremental tester demand is somewhat invariant. Now an advanced package is going to require a little bit more test time because of the complexity and the premium on wafer yields, but incrementally as the world shifts more and more to advanced package, we'll see incremental tester demand ride that incremental package. Now, if you look at advanced package part today, it might be 10% longer test time because of the nature of that technology, but over time if we look at 2017, 2018 and 2019, that ratio of test time will increase beyond 10%. As more and more die get put on the package, the premium for good yields will continue to rise. So I think advanced package in and of itself isn't necessarily a tooling exercise, it's incremental capacity that goes in that requires incrementally longer test times beyond what a cingulated die would require.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. I think that right. That's true of all technology shifts. So the package type that's been handled in a certain OSAT, as that volume declines and shifts to advanced packaging it just happens to occur at a different site. And you know, but overall, that new site and that new package is going to have a longer test time. It could occur – the OSATs themselves are developing their own versions of advanced package, and so it could very well be that they'll be competing packaging technologies as there are today around advanced packaging and that both sides will grow in this new era of multi-die on a silicon substrate.
Mark E. Jagiela: So I do think the odd/even pattern is diminishing. You know, the thing that drove the odd/even pattern was a combination of two things: unit volume growth and complexity growth. So in even years, as you looked at unit volume growth across the past four years, it's been declining. So that particular lever will go down. The complexity issue that an even year will be more intense than an odd year will persist but begin to slow down as well. When we look back at last year, what I can see is the complexity advances in applications processors and LTE that went into the phones was higher than a typical odd year. So I do see -- I would project that over the next two or three years, we're going to find that little cycle dampen such that it's down below $100 million kind of number.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, there's always been a concentration in that market. But I would say that it wasn't atypical in fourth quarter. Several providers of silicon or smartphones were strong in the fourth quarter. So it wasn't sort of one customer but a typical mix of I would say market increase going into the next year.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah, I think it's that, the build cycles are a little bit earlier. Certain manufacturers always have announcements of new phones in the late Q1, early Q2 period, so that has always been part of the beginning of a bookings growth in the fourth quarter. What's atypical is that some other manufacturers have moved I would say one to two months in on the typical build cycle.
Mark E. Jagiela: Certainly China is growing faster than most regions for us. The OSAT investments they're making are sort of driven by demand. It's not I would say incremental. It's really the growth of silicon that drives the aggregate increase in demand and in China several major – early on, there were a series of small fabless companies in China trying to get a foothold in as design houses in silicon, as being a silicon provider, but what's emerged over the past few years is some of the major handset manufacturers have really developed robust internal silicon design capability. So we expect that sort of native complex mobility related device volumes will grow above average out of China silicon design houses in the next few years. And so that's, obviously, a place we've got a footprint and are focusing a lot of our sales energy.
Mark E. Jagiela: There's very little new tester capability in this. It's really units and complexity that's driving it.
Mark E. Jagiela: I think overall what's going on, it's the industry that needs more capacity versus new player. And that capacity is not atypical from what we've seen before. And in our case, the one thing perhaps that's different when we look at the packaging change that's going on in conjunction with the complexity change of the silicon itself is there's a double effect here. So, typically we would see demand increase just because let's say apps processors or power management ICs or image sensors were increasing in complexity. That drives up test time. We've seen that in prior years. This year you have to multiply that by maybe 1.1 in order to get the effect of a little bit more fault coverage in the advanced package world.
Mark E. Jagiela: So again, it's very difficult to look out. The things that could happen and get it at the high or above the high end of range first would be -- we're projecting a relatively weaker microcontroller and automotive market this year. Now, that's very hard for us to read, but this is based just on what we see occurring toward the end of the year and some of the conservatism in the customer base. Some of the M&A activity going on also slows down and gives a little bit of a visibility cloud there. So as that clears up, there could be a snapback of tooling needed to get the new entity back up and running full speed. So we're preparing ourselves for that. On Mobility, that looks strong. One of the things, though, that occurred if we look at fourth quarter is as we were in the November period of time, the forecast for 2016 capacity for Mobility was quite a bit more robust than it ended up toward the end of December, as the macroeconomic conditions in China and the stock market started to waiver, people became much more cautious. So it could very well be that all that passes by and we see mobility larger than we expect, automotive and MCUs larger than we expect. And that drives it up to the $2.5 billion number or higher.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. That's really hard for us to see what's going to happen. The question really is what's going to happen out in third quarter. Typically second and third quarter are the peak quarters for the year. And this earlier tooling that's occurring means that the installations are starting a little bit earlier. The revenue will start a little bit earlier. But I would struggle to say what does that imply for the third quarter. First and second should absolutely – that's about as far as we have visibility, not even maybe beyond April at this point. But it could very well be the third quarter is strong as well.
Mark E. Jagiela: At the microcosm level, yes, absolutely. Part of the theory and thesis that it returns to growth is predicated on a slowing effect of Parallel Test and as we look at mobility devices, we've seen that slowing occur much faster than we expected over the past two years. So that is a early, early indicator to us that this is really inflecting back in a positive direction. Now, there's other segments of the market such as automotive, linear and microcontroller that still will be on a lag a little bit mobility in terms of its, has some towed around parallelism. But what we look at is over the course of 2002 until 2012, 2013, an increasing deployment of parallelism. 2014 and 2015 in these big, big mobility segments that has stalled and in some cases inflected back the other way.
Mark E. Jagiela: It's always a challenge to do that. Roughly $2.3 billion, somewhere – let me just look it up here. Somewhere close to $1 billion of that might be Mobility.
Mark E. Jagiela: Semi Test, yeah. So the thing that gives me confidence is what I was describing earlier, looking at the test times and the diminishing parallelism. So the complexity of the devices we know at this point that are going to be launched this year so that's done. The relative time to test the devices we know pretty much. It's not completely baked but we've got a pretty good range on that. So the combination of time times time and complexity is a known quantity. So what is more speculative is units and for units various people are saying smartphone and mobility units could be flat, could be up 5%, could be up 7%. We kind of model it to be probably zero to 5%. So, if it's more than that, that's upside. So the known quantities that we see are time to test let's say the unit test time for silicon in a phone. And the thing we have to somewhat guess at is the growth rate of phones.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah, that market as we mentioned in our opening comments was about $425 million in size last year. When we look at this year, there's no real major technology wave inflection coming that could drive that significantly higher. So we're looking at this year to be roughly flat with last year. The thing over the horizon that will come is the 802.11ad standard in the 60-gigahertz band. The interesting thing about that is up until now all the success of connectivity standards as you go from B to G to N to AC, that's been all integrated and incorporated into a single piece of silicon. And the test equipment to test those integrated devices has essentially been a LitePoint box that gets reused generation to generation. At 60-gigahertz, it's a whole new ballgame, it's a different piece of silicon, it's not integrated, it can't be integrated. It's just a very different beast and requires a different test insertion. So we look at the 802.11ad deployment starting in 2017 as the next connectivity wave. The other thing Greg mentioned is further out in the cellular side will be 5G technologies but that's beyond 2017. So what we're doing at LitePoint in addition to going after the AD is looking at other adjacent markets such as Protocol Testing. So testing not the electronic capability and calibrating the electronic capability of the chips and the devices but also at a user level, at user experience level testing the parts. So that's another example of a product we'll be introducing this year that will ramp next year in a new market.
Mark E. Jagiela: So the device simply moving into – if that was the only device moving into that advanced package there would be very little test time impact. But in conjunction with that move, other passive devices, for example, may move into that substrate. That increases the test time. So resisters, capacitors, other things you would typically find perhaps on a printed circuit board in a phone or a flex print board will move onto the substrate. Those things from a semiconductor test point of view were never in the mix for being tested. So that adds some complexity. But that's not the big trend. Over the horizon we'll be incorporating more and more other pieces of silicon into that package. So the AP alone gives what I was describing earlier maybe a 10% bump to test time but as you also put in power management ICs, RF transceivers, Wi-Fi chips onto that substrate, then that intensity increases beyond that 10% factor. So if you added up the test time of let's say the five or six chips, the key chips in a phone cingulated, then instead of cingulated manufacturing incorporate all the die in a single advanced packaged substrate, you're going to see everything else being equal, a test time that's 1.2 plus times longer than if they were cingulated. And that's – that still may be a year or two away – first step.
Mark E. Jagiela: It's probably on the order of a couple hundred million. So when we look across Q4 and Q1, we expect that the combined two-quarter period will actually show bookings up pretty significantly over our prior Q4 and Q1 average. So as far as we can have visibility at this point, the net momentum in Q1, in other words, that $200 million order didn't come out of Q1, per se. Q1 still looks pretty strong in terms of orders. So yes, $200 million showed up in Q4 but it's not yet clear to us that that means we're going to be down $200 million across Q1 and Q2.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. In other words, I don't expect that they would be $200 million down simply because we received $200 million of advanced orders in Q4.
Mark E. Jagiela: Great question. So first of all, just to go back to the wireless space it was a little bit different in wireless. LitePoint was a late comer to that market but it came with a disruptive (58:17) product for manufacturing. So it came in, disrupted the big players. Everybody grew like mad in 2012 in Wireless Test including LitePoint. And what's occurred since then as the markets contracted there's four or five big guys in a shrinking room. LitePoint is picking up share. It's gone from 20% share in that boom period to 40% share today. But they were a late comer so very different. On the collaborative robot side of life, here we're in a market where UR is clearly the leader and out ahead. 60%, 70% share. So everybody else is trying to catch up and that as Greg described is why we are spending our time and strategy and money around developing the ecosystem to support our product line, our protocols, in advance of this wave in the market developing. The growth rate in collaborative robots is something that we're convinced is going to be at a very high, greater than 50% level for many, many years. And so we've get to get out and stay out ahead of it. We are ahead. And everybody that's in a traditional robot business and emerging startups will eventually try to enter this market. We're convinced of that. But if we have the ecosystem in place to make our products the easiest to deploy, the access to integrators who can solve whether it's pharmaceutical, chemistry, assembly, machine tending, all these different applications that today we have, we will be the easiest place to go for automating these tasks. So little bit of long-winded answer but it's to my mind a very different position we start with here. It's a leading position and it's very promising.
Gregory R. Beecher: Mehdi, absent frankly borrowing money, not really. We can't get the offshore cash back without some tax consequence. But we certainly could borrow, but we're trying to preserve the borrowing capacity for attractive M&A.
Gregory R. Beecher: What I'll talk about is this year we expect gross margins for the full year to look like gross margins in 2014 and 2012, that being 54%. And with this large concentrated buying we tend to fall back to that number.
Gregory R. Beecher: Tim, the way the bookings – obviously they've come in very strong, there are shipments that are scheduled to ship in April. So they're just going to – some of them are going to miss March. So we see Q4, Q1 should be very strong demand and those shipments are going to take place Q1, Q2. And we see mobility as very strong this year, stronger than last year. But it's just how some of these shipments are falling into particular months. Some are going to fall just outside of Q1.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. We don't guide revenues. It's too difficult for us to do. But I think if I had to speculate as to what's going on, is why there's some confusion is our first quarter OpEx is higher than what you would expect. So I think that may throw some folks off. And I tried to say in my prepared remarks that in the first half as I said of NREs and other one-time spending tied to some new product programs and that's going to lessen and it should not be present in the second half. So Teradyne's spending is going to be consistent with last year, except for we're going to invest in Universal Robots and that's tied to high growth. So my only sort of – maybe it's not a direct response, Tim, is I think the OpEx may throw some off but I tried to explain it – I tried to explain right here as well.
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay, C.J. UR, we would expect the revenue to come in similar to how it has come in every year. Its falls back a bit in the first quarter and then increases each quarter thereafter and has a high concentration in the fourth quarter with end of year budget money or what have you. And we expect UR after about $60 million sales to be $90 million plus. So we are investing there, opening more offices, hiring people, sales, hunters, application people. So there is more spending and advertising going into that. UR was about a 15% profit rate for us in – well, for their calendar year they were 15% in 2015. In 2016, if we see higher growth we may invest a bit more to get the next round of growth and stay ahead. But in terms of let's just say our OpEx, I think the key thing to try to outline for you guys is taking out UR, we expect OpEx for the company at like sales to be flat and that includes we're funding the salary increases people get each year through productivity or workforce shaping or finding lower cost, so flat with emphasis. In UR, there will be more spending and if you say how much, it ranges. Depends what we see. So we can meter it, anywhere from say $7 million a quarter OpEx is now, maybe we go to $10 million, maybe we go to $11 million, it all depends what we see. But the higher we go the more you're going to see the sales and/or the sales right around the corner. So I hope that answered your question with that.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, the second half should come down relative to the first half and that decrease will be in all areas other than Universal Robots. I would expect Universal Robots to increase OpEx throughout the year. But the other NREs, temporary contractors racing to get some new products completed, that's lined up quite considerably in the first half of the year which is unusual to have this much going on in multiple divisions and it's all contributed at the same time in Q1 and linking into Q2. But again, I try to be clear that for the full year we expect OpEx to be flat except for UR at like sales levels. And again, that includes funding salary increases.
Gregory R. Beecher: It's ultimately mix. You can pick different things and get to the same place. So I could have looked at it that way but the biggest swing factor for us has been the concentrated buying in the even years, albeit last year was a good year but as you know we sold lease testers that were partially on in the field for a while. 54% is kind of a normal margin that you'd expect at this level of buying.
