Mark Jagiela: Yes, so the pull-ins that we saw in the fourth quarter in bookings certainly ship off in this fiscal year. So part of what’s driving the market growth this year is a consequence of those order pull-ins. In terms of what percentage of the total SOC space is represented by mobility, roughly speaking, $1 billion or so of that market is tied to mobility devices.
Mark Jagiela: The facility, and the line, we could go easily four or five years before we need to think about another facility. I should add that the assembly times are rather quick, in terms of labor hours. It’s a very lean model with the way it’s been set up. So we’re very comfortable that facility can scale for years to come.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, it’s a good question. And one of the things, if you recall, we saw last year, in 2015, even though it was a traditionally off year, was a lot of complexity growth in devices that buoyed up, certainly, Teradyne’s business. And being heavily concentrated in mobility, that was a welcome change. So as we look into 2017, there’s a couple things going on. The complexity growth appears to be on track to run at a higher rate than in a normal odd year. And there’s a shift to new lithography nodes that we haven’t seen this year. So going to 10 nanometer, as an example, will bring with it some yield learning that will increase test intensity for a while at that node. So there’s a couple things like that, that are coming in semi-test for 2017, that are promising. Outside of semi-test, as we think about LitePoint, we think that 802.11ad will begin showing up in some of the consumer products, and that will also drive some tooling due to technology that we haven’t seen for a couple of years in LitePoint’s business.
Mark Jagiela: Mehdi, around fourth quarter each year, we’ve – particularly approaching the even years, we build up the inventory pipeline. So there was nothing different going into this cycle than in prior cycles. And I did say earlier, on the gross margin, there’s a concentrated large customer and they get better pricing. And again, we’re ahead of where we’ve been in prior years for the first half. So the second half, too early to really talk about. We don’t really have a good picture of that. But the first half, very good start, and it’s been playing out the way we expected. The only real soft spot in the portfolio was LitePoint. Apart from that, the other – the businesses are all doing well.
Mark Jagiela: So rather than speak specifically to one technology, I’d say that for advanced packaging applications, Q1 certainly saw significant orders, and we expect that to continue in Q2. Again, there’s a cycle that goes on across – and this year, it will be three quarters. So Q4, Q1, and Q2 will have a significant amount of orders related to advanced packaging.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, that will absolutely occur. It will occur much closer to production ramp. You’ll see, in other words, the lag between front end and back end. On the other hand, there are some significantly large semiconductor companies in China already that have been driving a reasonably good amount of tester capacity. It just tends to be off the China shore, in Taiwan and other places. So eventually, the combination of local fabs growing, and I would say an attempt to repatriate some of the capacity that’s offshore for test, it’s probably a good year and a half to two years before it starts to register, but it will register and show up on the radar as a big, concentrated buying center. And about that time frame is my estimate.
Mark Jagiela: No. It doesn’t necessarily imply that. Although we do have some visibility into third quarter, it isn’t perfect. And I think the way I would tend to think about it is, we’ve had $100 million increment in the first half of this year, in terms of revenue. The second half of the year, at this point, in our view, is not going to be significantly different from other second halves. So really, it’s just, again, this front loading of more capacity. So the year is up, and it’s spread out over two quarters and the orders are spread out over three quarters.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, so I wouldn’t specifically attribute it to China low-end smartphones. The J750 is – serves such a wide set of markets that it really was a general pickup across a lot of different spaces. Certainly part of it is mobility, but automotive is another piece of that, some consumer IoT-type applications would be another. So it’s a broad spectrum.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. That’s hard to prognosticate. I’d say it’s going to be a minor piece of the 2016 revenue. We’re just starting installations now, so – and then those will go into some sort of evaluation period. So this year, not consequential. In out years, it will increase. But as we’ve said before, even over four or five years, the piece of revenue synergies we get from Teradyne customers, and the total UR business, will be relatively small, less than 10% of their business.
Mark Jagiela: SSD testing, we have an automated asynchronous test platform. So it has significant benefits versus a manual an oven batch platform. We’re speaking to a number of customers about transitioning to a more automated asynchronous test strategy. It’s quite early to figure out how they will shake out. There’s certainly interest. Some of these customers have internal solutions that probably won’t scale well, but it’s what they have and are familiar with now. So I think we need probably another couple of quarters to figure out where these things shake out. But we do see we have a product that probably can help them as they move up in volume in SSD.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So the official-official third-party results aren’t in yet, but our view of SOC share last year is in the sort of 50% range. And for this year, we’re looking for that to be roughly up 1 point.
Mark Jagiela: As you know, we don’t guide quarters. What I would say, though, is that for the year to play out as we’ve described it earlier in the call, with the second half being similar to prior-year second halves, then the second-quarter bookings would be to be up over first. But that’s about as far as I’ll go with it.
Mark Jagiela: Great. That’s the end of the call. Thank you for joining us. We look forward to talking to you down the road.
Greg Beecher: Tim, the mix this year, and to date, is actually quite similar with the prior two even years, 2014 and 2012, where we were about 50% those two years. And this is the year where you have the large concentrated buyer, and that’s happened every even year. So it’s actually quite consistent with what we would have expected. Now, we have some other businesses in our mix of portfolio that are down, such as LitePoint, so we’re losing a little bit of otherwise margin contribution there. But principally, it’s the semi-test mix of customers, and their relative size, that’s driving the percentage back to the same number it was in the prior even years.
Greg Beecher: Look, I think if you want to drop the markers down just between January 1 and March 30, you will see that phenomenon. But if you look at the total buying for this tooling cycle that started in Q4, and put the two together, we’re certainly running ahead of the last period’s tooling cycle. So that’s the way I think about it is, it just so happened we got to an earlier start on the order rate, something we’ve been working with our customers to encourage for quite some time, to get a more orderly shipment stream. So I think it’s a positive effect this year, that we started sooner and have been able to deploy. So if we look at the first two quarters of shipments, again, we’re up over prior periods by over 10%. So it’s all – similar to what we predicted.
Greg Beecher: Each first quarter, Mehdi, UR’s sales, the last three years, consistently dropped in the first quarter. They have a very strong fourth quarter. In fact, each year, first quarter is the low quarter and it builds sequentially, and then there’s a very strong fourth quarter. Now, there’s a whole set of reasons why fourth quarter is – for purchases can be strong, including end of budget money or other sales programs drive that last product or two over the finish line. So it’s following the same pattern as the past. And typically the fourth quarter, just to give you another reference point, the fourth-quarter sales tend to be more than 2 times what the first quarter was, in the last three years. So the first quarter was what we were expecting. It’s tracking to the 50% or better sales growth line. We would expect the other quarters to do the same. And then for the full year, we would expect to be 50% or greater. But again, it’s going to build throughout the year and have a strong fourth quarter, is our expectation.
Greg Beecher: Yes, when you look at margins in some of those periods, like 2010 in 2012 – let’s take 2012. 2012, you had a very strong year of LitePoint, with extraordinary performance. LitePoint grew from $130 million of revenue in 2011 to $289 million in 2012. So when a business grows that fast, the gross margins are super-attractive. So we had that in 2012, so that wasn’t a semi-test issue – story. When you go back to 2010, we actually had fewer businesses. In 2010, we didn’t have Universal Robots, and Universal Robots is consistent with the Company model. But as you get more sales with the new business, you’re also bringing their fixed manufacturing costs along, verses if those additional sales were for semi, they drop through more profit. If you look at our margins over a longer period of time, you generally see, in the even years, we’re 54%, in the odd years, we do better. There’s nothing that I’ve seen that would cause us to deviate from about this range that we’ve been experiencing. We have ongoing programs to introduce new instruments that are more competitive, and we have material cost-down programs going on at the same time. So I think we’ve got a track record, over a number of years, of taking action so we can stay within this range of healthy gross margins in the 53%, 54%, 55% range, with some fluctuation based upon mix.
Greg Beecher: Wireless test market share? This is – it’s going to be hard to figure that out. We’ve been gaining a little bit each year. This is going to be more a year of, who’s buying? It’s going to be in the low end of the range that Mark mentioned earlier. And it’s really, who’s situated with whoever is buying? So I think this is really, if you found the right watering holes, you are going to do well. My guess is we’ll be flattish, but it’s early to really be specific. Some of our accounts that we’re strong may be buying less than they were in the past, so they may have a low year and then come back next year. So in market share, probably is not going to be great for us this year, but if it could be looked at over a trend line, there’s a good story to be told.
Greg Beecher: Yes. There’s a couple of ways to get there, but the most direct path is further share gains and some market stabilization in semi-test. My estimates would be that would probably be the single biggest piece, SOC and the market stabilizing. Two is, Universal Robots is another big piece. Then there’s a third bucket. It’s all the other businesses and share buybacks. Those three things can get us to $2
Greg Beecher: Yes. I’m not saying the SOC market, we could get there by itself. We need UR and these other actions. But the SOC market, we certainly can, if we stay in our trend line of picking up 1 point or 2 a share a year. And the market has shown some healthier signs, despite all the confusion that’s out there are sometimes, there’s much more complexity and slowing parallel tests. So what we really need? We need a market that probably is flat to 2% growth, and we need 1 point of share gain a year. If we had those two things, with UR and these other actions, we get to $2.
Greg Beecher: I think that’s probably a fair way to think about it. In the second half of the year, I think what you’d expect is, when volumes typically come down, the gross margin percent shouldn’t come down as much as it would otherwise, because the mix in the first half of the year is working against us. That mix probably will not be as strong in the second or latter part of the year. So I think gross margins in the second half of the year will hold up better than you might otherwise expect, based upon the volume drop.
Greg Beecher: I’ll quickly add, our customers have wide ranges now, this early in the year. So it really depends upon where they end up in their plans, and therefore what ripples back to us. So there’s still some pretty wide ranges as to what can occur.
