Gregory R. Beecher: Mehdi, this should have a positive impact. We're building out; we're building out in regions and locations that we don't have good reach or contact with various end verticals or customers. So we very much expect the trend to continue that Mark mentioned that a fair amount of our growth comes from these new distributors as they're getting us to places that we had not gotten to before. At the same time we're improving the velocity of existing channel partners. So the two of them together is what gets us this greater than 50% growth. They're both critical to the ongoing high growth game plan we have.
Gregory R. Beecher: The idea is that they don't cannibalize the existing. I can't say in every single case, they might not call in the same customer. But generally speaking, we're bringing on other distributors or integrators that are getting us to places that we had very little or inadequate coverage.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yeah, I think it's hard to quantify in a precise way because of the flow of content from segment. Even things like modems for cellular communication are now showing up in cars. But as a rough feel, and I would say that the test market for automotive electronics has roughly been in the $400 million range, and the combination of increasing content and test complexity, we'd expect that to grow in excess of 10%, probably in the 10% to 15% range on average.
Gregory R. Beecher: There were some regional differences in price that we wanted to bring the regions closer together, so that there was less of incentive to buy in one region and ship to another region by sophisticated customers. We also had a UR3 that has higher cost gears when they're smaller. And that product, we thought at the outset probably wasn't priced where it should have been, given its payback and the value that it brings. So, there were a couple of changes made and they seem to have gone well.
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, Atif, ironically we were just talking about that before the call; revisit that. So, I mean, the reason we continue doing it is if we stop doing it, we don't want to create some uncertainty and some worry or some greater speculation that people try so hard to figure out what they are, and that's all they talk about. But it is something we should look at. And we've actually said before the call let's look at what others do. Obviously, where there's very short lead times, booking, I mean, reporting order doesn't do anything. It's misleading. It's really shipments. So it's something we will look at and come to a conclusion on.
Gregory R. Beecher: If you want to look at OpEx, I would take this full year 2017 compared to 2016. And I'd expect 25 million more for variable compensation, which you weren't necessarily carrying forward to 2018 unless you had a similar looking year. And what's driving that variable composition is we're hitting all of our goals, our growth goals, our market share goals, our profitability goals. So, the variable compensation is at a high end this year in 2017. The other place we're spending is going up in Universal Robots. That's also about $25 million in OpEx for the full year. Apart from that, our test businesses are flat. So if you want to look at 2018 it's very – it depends on what your model for 2018, your variable compensation will vary depending upon what you put in, but Universal Robots will likely still increase in 2018 but test will remain flat.
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. From about a year ago we're up about one-third in distributors, but it's not a numbers game. It's really are we getting the right partner in the right regions. So, we try not to get caught into just looking at the number. It's more the quality. But we would expect to be growing distributors for probably a couple of more years to spread out through our cobots, are connected to different verticals. And as you the UR plus applications growth, the cobots will be taking into new task, new applications, new customers, and that will also provide opportunities to call on different new accounts or new task to be replaced with automation because third-party developers has developed a nippy solution on our cobot.
Gregory R. Beecher: I think for the next couple of years, you should see high growth in all regions. Obviously Europe and North America have a faster payback because there's higher labor cost. But what we're seeing in China, even Singapore is you have government subsidies to get cobots in faster so they're more competitive globally. So we see growth in all regions for a period of time, but long-term, long-term, I certainly would expect China to grow more than others long-term just given there is many more opportunities to automate in China.
Gregory R. Beecher: My opinion is that it's more difficult than what others thought and getting the ease of programming and the ability to make the cobots very flexible when task changed that you could repurpose the cobots. I believe copying the gears or hardware can be done. Now that's not always done properly, sometimes it's not as repeatable or as reliable, but generally speaking that can be done. But there's a lot of very clever software programming know-how that greatly accelerates virtually any task that could be done with Universal Robots and that has proven hard. Other thing that we believe will be hard to do and people will eventually forget how to program it properly is going to be the distribution. We are calling on and selling to many accounts that did not use automation (54:28) before. So, if its existing automation company, they don't have a reach into these small or medium-sized companies or these new verticals. So, I think we've created a very good distribution system outside of the traditional automotive players and yes, you also call automotive. And we've got this third-party ecosystem that are developing apps on our platform, so we think we've got a number of advantages that should keep us in front and we still are surprised that there's a lot of companies you see at trade shows but we are surprised that we really don't see them in the field or they don't seem to have gotten much traction.
Gregory R. Beecher: I think what we've said more recently this year is that the revenue in the first half will be a higher percent than in prior years because there was more demand early in the year for a number of reasons. So the fall of in the second half, we think will be sharper than prior years. We didn't make any comparisons with second and third, we made the comparisons with the first and second quarter versus third and fourth quarter.
Gregory R. Beecher: But I think that all makes the point that someone asked us earlier, do bookings help you or do they confuse things, so we'll revisit.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. We do have a little bit of visibility because there was an order that we had in backlog for quite some time, that's part of an R&D program that we're in the midst of with our major customer. And, so, we do have some reasonable indication that, that should convert to revenue before the end of the year and that's what gives us that insight.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah, the second half and 2018 is a pretty short timeframe. I will say that the variety of electronics going into automotive is growing. So the traditional microcontroller and analog growth is still there. It's probably running in the 7% to 8% growth range. But when you add on the growth happening in memory, more sophisticated controllers, image sensors, these new devices combined with the traditional devices, bring the aggregate electronic growth rate for automotive closer to that 10% level, in terms of semiconductor content contact. For test, because the test intensity is that much higher for a device going into automobile, that segment will probably grow in excess of 10% and – on average over the next three to five years. Quarter-to-quarter is hard to call, but that's how we look at it over the three to five years.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah, let me just give you a few data points on that. So, we had some geographic price adjustments in the first quarter were increases. That resulted in some of our distribution partners buying inventory ahead of that price increase that came in Q2. Depending on the geography, it could have been as much as 15%, 20% increase. But overall, it's a handful of percent price increase on the product. If you looked at what we booked in Q1, we booked $44 million at UR, and we shipped $36 million. So we built $8 million of backlog, which traditionally at UR would be quite high. Most of that would be attributed to this buy ahead. In the second quarter, we gave back $6 million of that $8 million that we built in the first quarter, and that essentially nets out the effect of that buying ahead for the price increase. So going forward, we'd expect a book-to-bill at UR to trend back close to that 1 ratio.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, again, as I mentioned in my remarks, 5G is – there will be technology demonstrations, and there is certainly R&D development occurring now, very low level buying around design validation for those. From what we see, in terms of production rollout, reasonable infrastructure tooling and terminal equipment and handset deployment, that's 2020-plus. Now when that occurs, we expect that the market for test, for cellular, will have a significant growth behind it. And that could be – the market could be a couple hundred million dollars up during those early years of deployment. So, this year if the market is closer to the $200 million to $250 million for wireless test that could grow to $450 million to $500 million. And we see that running probably for three to five years during that 5G rollout.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah, any view of 2018 at this point is not based on any bottoms up view. Typically that visibility is quite short, in a, sort of, a three-month window. But the trends – the trends that we've been seeing in the past few years that we've talked about, number one, test time growth due to complexity growth. Number two, the sort of capping of parallel test, certainly is evident again this year, and we expect and all indications are that it will be true next year. There are some aggressive moves towards new lithography nodes that substantiate that, and the advanced packaging technologies that are being employed substantiate that. So at a trend level, macro level, even without a lot of unit growth, which has been the case now for a few years in mobility. The complexity growth has been and we expect it to continue to fuel demand for our test equipment.
Mark E. Jagiela: Okay. Yes. So you're right. We have been quite strong in Flash package or final test. We've been able to move our market share in memory almost to roughly the 30% level of the total market through that strength. Where we haven't really participated much is in probe test or wafer test. That represents – it moves around year-to-year, but that represents roughly half of the memory test market in aggregate, which is a part of the SAM we haven't participated in. So if you look at this year being close to $600 million, $300 million or so is in probe test. That's for both DRAM and for flash combined. So our plans are to move the product in that direction, move the Magnum platform toward more probe test applications, and open up the other half, let's say, of the memory test market where we have not participated.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. So I won't comment specifically about any one customer or technology. But in general, the advanced packaging trend towards integration is – as we've talked about, it's a positive impact for test. It increases the premium on known good die, because the assembly of that advanced package puts a premium on low, low failure rates, high, high yields. So known good die goes up, which means test time goes up at probe. And then the testing of the integrated package itself, once the various components have been assembled and mounted, the complexity factor goes up. It scales more than just proportional to the transistor comp. When you have that collection of parts integrated on a substrate, it tends to drive up test seconds. And it's another depressant on increasing parallelism. So overall, for tests, it's a good effect.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. So you're right. Complexity of semiconductors has been increasing every year since the dawn of the semiconductor era. So what's changed? Well, the semiconductor complexity growth I would say is on a silicon level not changed very much in terms of its progression. The parallelism, plateauing, certainly has changed. So that counterbalance to complexity growth that we've had going back a decade plus, is something that has changed. The economics of trying to turn the knobs up higher on parallelism are just not there. The expense of the pro cards and the time to market hit or trying to do that does not justify continuing to try to mitigate test times through higher parallelism. So that's absolutely one factor. And then the other factor we just talked that's changing is advanced packaging. Advanced packaging is another new element in the mix that incrementally drives higher test intensity. So, removing parallelism as a depressant and we still have complicity growth and a new element of advanced packaging.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. I don't view it as deeply cyclical. I do think that there will be swings of 10%, 15% in market size in our future. We had a pretty good consistent run, but I don't think the underlying volatility, although muted going forward, will disappear. The thing about test is that for 10 years up through – through 2013, what we call the capital intensity of test relative to the revenue of semiconductors had been declining. What's happened since then is that, that had plateaued, stabilized and may in fact be slightly growing. So I would say the baseline for test has shifted from a compressing market relative to growth of semiconductors to one that is now perhaps at least growing as fast, if not slightly ahead of the semiconductor market. There's only three years, four years here we are we have seen this trend so rather than prognosticate a long vector, we're still looking and what we have said we expect the market to grow at least on an average at 1% per year. We've been ahead of that. We look at that every year and we may change that model, but that's how we look at it.
Mark E. Jagiela: Absolutely. There's been a series of trends in image sensors that have been very good for Teradyne. The original – obviously smartphone incorporations within in the front side camera, now the dual cameras on the backside, moving to what maybe even additional types of image sensors and cameras beyond the three in a high end phones today. All of that has driven up unit volume; typically the pixel density has also been increasing. So that is a combination of effect on test demand. Now we are seeing automotive and in the case of automotive, it multiple, multiple sensors, upwards of six image sensors or more in an automobile is the timeline for the high-end models, which will then move down to the midrange and low-end. So all of that has been great. All that being said, image sensor testing as a business is roughly in the $100 million to $150 million a year range out of the total SOC market of about 2.6. So that gives you a rough sense of the size.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. So, a couple of points there, right now we don't have any view that a direct sales force is the right approach to the market. The market tends to be quite diffuse. There may be some house accounts that develop over time as we talk about some very large thousands of cobot type deployments that could occur and those are things we are looking at. But by and large, 90% plus of the market over time, we view being served through the distribution channel and partner program we have. As it relates to incorporating other features in the cobot as standards, if you look at vision as an example, vision is a critical element in some cobot deployments, but by far not all, in fact today, in Universal Robot's case, roughly 15% to 20% of our deployments do incorporate some form of camera and vision system, but not all. So to burden every customer with the expense of standard camera wouldn't be economical or prudent for the market. It's not a universal requirement. Also, in the case of deploying vision, if you look at the variety of camera types that have been deployed depending on the application, it's quite diverse. One camera doesn't suit all applications. So if you are doing an inspection step, you certainly need a different camera type than if you're doing a product ID step. Or if you're doing something like a pick and place where you need to visualize an object, locate it, guide a robot arm to pick it up, that's yet again a different camera and vision system than the other applications. So we don't see that there is a universal camera and therefore, it's not part of our universal product.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. We're certainly active in the GPU space. I would say certainly – you're correct, our share there is below our average share in the industry. So it's an opportunity. It's not zero. But it is low. So that's an opportunity for us. We have demonstrated the ability to have a differentiated platform for these quick time-to-market high complexity parts. And back – I would say from about 2000 through 2013 or so, we've had a conscious strategy of focusing on mobility, analog, automotive segment and less focus on what was then computer PC type devices. Now that we've moved to north of 50% share of the market, we're obviously got our sights on underperforming segments and that's one.
Mark E. Jagiela: Sure. The applications that typically we've targeted have been a big part of our growth are automating the operating of industrial machinery like CNC machines, injection molding machines, conveyor operations, pick and place. Those are sweet spots, huge potential still, but right up the middle. Beyond that, we have seen applications, for example, where the cobot starts to do things like polishing applications where the repetitive and precise motions and forces needed to polish a piece of consumer equipment or automotive equipment has been an emerging application. Another one would be inspection. We – putting a camera – we talked earlier about vision. Some of the applications we have are inspecting parts on an assembly line using specific camera types to look at features and compare them to CAD model. That's something that's also growing, emerging and we hadn't expected. Another one that's maybe right at the cusp, that's interesting is service – service applications. So we've talked in the past about – for example, in Singapore, there is an application where the cobot is equipped with special end-effectors that gives sports massage of all things. There's another application in Singapore that's been developed around manning a buffet station to make omelettes and eggs, as another example. There's an application in some geographies related to agricultural where the cobot is used in dairy production to disinfect cows that come through for milking. So it's really – the nice thing about the approach and the universal aspect of the product is we've got incredibly creative ecosystem of distributors and customers out there innovating on how to use the product. So we've really taken this approach to create the most applicable, general-purpose universal product we can and encourage and incentivize and reward distributors who find these interesting and unique applications.
Mark E. Jagiela: Let me just take that for a minute. What I'm trying to say in the past and it's very true is that a few weeks' worth of changes in order timing by some of our major competitors can swing hundreds of millions dollars of booking across the Q4 and Q1 boundary condition. Even in the October call, that's hard to call, as to its exact timing, but since there is generally speaking a ramp of shipments in Q1 and Q2 of the subsequent year to facilitate for the smartphone launches in the back half of the year, there's a slug of orders that typically come in. But we can see $100 million, $150 million of swing in Semi Test orders that are not meaningful, it simply a few weeks of timing.
Mark E. Jagiela: I can give you just some recent history on that if you looked at Q4's core Semi Test. And if you go back to Q4 2014, it was $225 million. And then in Q4 of 2015, it was roughly $405 million, right? And then Q4 of 2016, it was $523 million.
Mark E. Jagiela: Okay. And operator, we are out of time. So I am going to say thank you, to everybody for joining in. I know there are still a couple of folks in the queue. I'll call you as soon as this conference call concludes. Thank you so much.
