Mark Jagiela: Yeah. So Memory Test really took off this year. It surprised us. If we go back this time last year we were estimating that the Memory Test market will be roughly $500 million. It's going to be perhaps $650-ish million. It's really driven not by a technology change per se. The bit density grow is one thing that drives Memory Test demand, the unit volume and then changes in device interface speeds, obsoletes, older equipment. So we do see obsolescence going on in Flash and DRAM test because of the higher speed interfaces. And then outside of that, most of it is just bit growth and unit growth. There's also a lot of construction going on of fabs for memory expansion in China. Those have actually not yet affected the Memory Test demand. Those are still to come online or probably be a late '18 or '19 heavy test equipment tooling cycle. So as we look out over the horizon, provided the bit demand remains robust, which looks like it will, we should have several good years for memory demand, Memory Test demand.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. For 2018, again it's a little bit of green tea leaf at this point but I do not expect that mix to change much. The automotive and mobility spaces that came on strong this year should continue to be strong next year memory again should be strong next year, so not a lot of change in the mix.
Mark Jagiela: No, we have no plans for higher-payload cobots. Our cobots are exactly human scale very flexible has redesigning itself. So we don't see the highest payload market that fits what we're trying to do.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, that's always for the last several years been I'll be questioned. And it's really hard to call because the order window is about between these 2013, 2014,2015,2016, 2017, it's the eight-week window that can move depending on their internal planning cycles and their order release timing. So the timing isn't clear. It could be late Q4. It could be early Q1. I think the ship off schedule independent of when the orders book will be similar, meaning Q2, Q3 kind of concentration as it's been in the prior years.
Mark Jagiela: A little bit. Our Memory Test gross margins are a bit below the average in SemiTest. It's maybe 4 to 5 points of swing there. But given that relative size of memory at $65 million, let's say, to the total, it's not overly impactful.
Mark Jagiela: Most of it is from price. We announced a price increase early in the year, which is now we pulled through. Orders were shipping now. We've done material cost. That's a smaller part of the improvement. The good news is material cost continues next year and next year. So we do expect our supply line group from Teradyne should be able to help robots continue to lower material cost and get the best commercial terms and strategic sourcing in place. So that will continue. So we're very pleased with the performance overall with Universal Robots gross margin. In truth, it's largely software is what we're delivering here. It's very reliable, the chemical components. So we do see over time that the opportunities to keep the margins quite healthy.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. This is always a strong utilization period after having installed a lot of equipment in summer period. Right now, new product, electronic products are keeping in production. So utilization is very high. It is, in compared to prior periods; it is running roughly close to where it's been prior period, a little bit stronger, Q4 to Q4 of prior period. Now that doesn't necessarily - we've not found that to be a prognosticator of what's coming next year, but that is where we are right now.
Mark Jagiela: Right. That's a good point, and we do expect to invest more in OpEx growth in next year. Obviously, as we continue to grow by 50%, the sales growth is higher on a bigger number. So the OpEx is going to probably grow up more than 20 million, it could increase of last two quarters. But we'll pencil that as we go towards the end of the year. So we see many opportunities to fan out Universal Robots in different regions, distributors, ecosystem partners, no short-term opportunities. In terms of where the cobots are, the mix that we described in the prepared remarks, it's been fairly consistent. Europe is about 43%, and I'm losing that a little bit. Asia is 26%. North America is 23%. This past quarter, 8% rest of the world. And all the regions are growing at a very high rate. Long term, we expect china to be very significant. But today, there's many applications in these higher-cost countries that are being deployed. And I mentioned in my remarks that in China, you have some subsidies from government entities, which could accelerate the cobots faster in china as policymakers see the advantage of bringing cobots to their workforce.
Mark Jagiela: You're correct. Typically, the pattern you mentioned has been true, and this one has extended longer. Third quarter was strong again. What happened in fourth quarter looks to be pretty good. I think there are several things that are new in the dynamic here. One is that the electrification of the automobile is something that, although in the past, it has been of slow bleed, it's starting to become an avalanche of electronics moving toward model years, let's say, one to three years away from now. Whether that's hybrid vehicles, EV or traditional vehicles with ADAS, all of that is fueling a lot of new designs and new complexity. I mean, the complexity of the semiconductors we're talking about next-generation in automotive are much higher than prior generations. So you have this double effect for test, where the high-test intensity environment to start with, plus a step-up in complexity and ubiquity has really changed that sort of bits and starts dynamics of things. So we're pretty positive on the next few years for automotive electronics.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. So the primary segment that we serve is Flash final test. And we think we have a pretty high share of that segment. It's roughly $200 million portion of that, let's say, $650 million TAM this year for Memory Test. So the concentration we have now is there. We are moving the Magnum product line now into more wafer applications, which is closer to a $350 million new market opportunity for us that we should start seeing next year as an adder.
Mark Jagiela: Mehdi, I don't see any possible tax changes would cause us doing any different in our M&A approach. So much of our M&A approach as is it like Trexler at Universal Robots growth with the differentiation, obviously, with the financial return. And if there's any sort of tax planning, that's more of a bonus thing that we think about, but we don't put that into or put that as something that should drive is on the direction. It's much more the fit in the advantage that can give us.
Mark Jagiela: Well, that segment of wafer test for memory is for many years been a relatively large segment. We, in introducing the Magnum, chose to focus on Flash final test because that is where we interface discontinuity first presented itself and gave us the opportunity to take market share. Now that we're established there, we've been able to take some of the architectural benefit of Magnum and see places in the wafer test, pre-existing wafer test market where we can exploit that technology. So I wouldn't say something is changing, but now we're in a position to take that platform into a pre-existing large wafer market.
Mark Jagiela: No, I don't think you should assume that. It gets back to the discussion we had a bit earlier because the timing of the orders been in late Q4 versus early Q1 is one factor this year. But sometimes, the order is even shift in from Q1 to Q2. It's not a one lump order that typically drives the summer demand. There's an initial baseline order that takes place, and then follow-on incremental orders as true demand for, let's say, the summer peak starts to unfold. So those orders run from anywhere late Q4 all the way through, let's say, May, and they're spread across their periods. So it's hard to say that you snap align it backlog at the end of Q1 or at the end of Q4 and making meaningful judgments from that.
Mark Jagiela: Well, yes, I think, first of all, the actual market share gains for 2017 will depend our shipments in Q4 and the market size. We said 2.6. It could be 2.65. It could be 2.7 when everything is done. But we will likely be up in share anywhere from 2 to 6 points, let's say, in SOC. Next year, I think what we'll end up doing is probably we'll be consolidating next year. Our plan typically is to try to pick off one to two points a year and beyond that pace. We've done much better this year. And so I think for next year, as we're looking at it now, we're going to try and maintain the share position. We're going to hit this year with and look for in the SOC side more market momentum. In the case of memory, we're going to see both market momentum and an expected share gain there to allow for growth.
Mark Jagiela: I think the SOC margins will be generally similar. It's possible they're down half a point or so. We had a few credits that will reverse, meaning some inventory that was digitally reserve that we sold, so that comes out in profit. So we could have some charges we're anticipating, retrofit or - but we can't really forecast those, so there may be a little bit of moving there. But you just said, the product itself, ignoring the credit or the obsolete type charges, I don't think SOC would largely be similar get material cost, but there's a little bit price erosion this year. They tend to stay in some equilibrium over time. And I think the one thing that we can point out is that Storage Test and Memory, certainly Storage Test will be much bigger next year, and that will have a downward impact. Obviously, Universal Robots, which is improved their margin throughout the year, so the bunch of things in the mix as we get to think we'll have a better analytical sense as to what to guide for the year.
Mark Jagiela: Not really. Like I said, I think the mix next year isn't too different from this year in terms of those segments.
Mark Jagiela: Any high complexity digital device is a driver. And so to the extent more, let's say, AI, deep learning applications require specialized, complex, processing-type digital, that will be a balloon, absolutely.
Mark Jagiela: Well, I think, no, not right now. There's a lot of discussion and buzz around that type of application. But even if you look at places like GPUs, which are those kinds of processors, it somewhere in the $100 million to $200 million test market per year. So it's relatively small, anywhere from 5% to 10% of the market.
Mark Jagiela: I don't think it's any particular segment. It's just maybe a lot of experience over many years in the industry is that the visibility at this point being low, I would be reticent to be too aggressive. I think come January, we'll be able to have a better view of that. But maybe we'll stock it up to some stage conservatism at this point.
Mark Jagiela: So on the second point, the sequential quarterly compares were really tough in UR's case. Q3 tends to be a slow quarter because of vacations in Europe. Q4 tends to be a big quarter in the past because of people trying to meet year-end goals. I think I mentioned that this year's Q4 year-over-year compare will probably be closer to the 50% growth number, meaning the year for us we'll finish at about 60, mid-60s. That's because we changed our incentive programs to try to smooth out the end-of-year rush to buy that we've seen in prior years. So sequential ordering in UR is not something that's very meaningful, I would say. Year-over-year comparisons are better.
Mark Jagiela: So market share is a tough one because there's no reliable third-party reports on this, and there's a growing population of cobots. If you go out and Google cobots, every quarter, you'll see the a few more and a few more out there. None of them are competitive with us in terms of the situations that we're settling into. So it's still a pretty meaningful environment, but we said in the past roughly 60% share-based on reports that at this point are over a year old on market size estimates. I don't believe we lost any share. But I think it's going to be hard for us to be too precise on that until we get some reliable third-party reporting.
Mark Jagiela: So the things that drive our market, certainly unit growth is important for us, that generally correlates to SemiTest revenue growth, not always, but unit growth is important. Complexity growth is important. So at this stage, what we're looking at is, hard to forecast next year's unit growth, so we're looking at complexity growth. We're looking at devices that our major customers that are in preproduction that will grow, that will ramp next year trying to get a sense of do we see the same trends in terms of complexity, which means test intensity and test time. What do we see happening with parallel test? Next year's amount of parallel test kind of get sets clearly now through Q1 because the programs are in development. So we look at trends around complexity, parallel test, test time and tend think that we don't have a good read on right now is what is unit growth kind of look like.
Gregory Beecher: Jagadish, this is Greg. This year, for example we expect to be - meet our 50% operating target will be slightly above it so it's happening this year. We think long-term we'll get to 20%. And the long-term isn't 3 years away so it could be sooner than we earlier were modeling. The gross margins have improved nicely and we're going sales at a very high rate. So I'd expect the 20% operating margin will become more insight as we get further to the next years too.
Gregory Beecher: Yeah, first of all, the peer advance test forecast for the market sizes exclude service. And our sizes include service. So actually, there are $3 billion excluding service and $800 million for memory and I believe $2.2 billion for SOC. In the service business, you have to add another $500 million to $600 million to that to their number. So in truth, we're pretty close to each other. And for us, this year, $2.6 billion market is a tale of a tape in a complete year. We could end up with a slightly higher market than $2.6 billion by the end of the year. But as we run into next year, the visibility we have at least through the early part of next year shows continued strong demand. We could easily be outside of north end of the range. We're talking about now, as we were last year, this time last year for the SOC market, we said to $2.1 billion to $2.5 billion, coming into $2.6 billion. So the message I really want to give is it's very difficult for us to create a precise forecast at this point in the year. We took a lot of top-down factors. Very few customers give us forecast because they're unable to forecast. So we're looking at what we see the pipeline around complexity trends for the devices that are coming out of design and into production to try to estimate next year's demand.
Gregory Beecher: Yes. This was a very strong year for us gross margins. SOC was very strong. LitePoint was stronger than we expected. On the flipside, we have less Storage Test business, which pulls margins down. And when you turn that around, we expect next year more Storage Test business, so that would be one thing by itself that would move the margins a bit down. And there's probably helping on the memory business coming our way, too. And some of that might have lower margins as well. So margins are always a bit difficult to forecast. The good news is we're able to get material cost down year-after-year and make significant improvements at Universal Robots, for example. So we have a stronger starting spot, but we do see a couple of headwinds with Storage Test and for memory business. But apart from that, I thought two things, I can think of that could have a quantifiable impact.
Gregory Beecher: And the fourth quarter gross margins, we've got it down because of Storage Test and memory. I should add that both of those businesses generally have lower OpEx. But the lower OpEx comes with lower gross margins, so they all have good PBIT.
Gregory Beecher: I would expect in 2018, we're going to increase both the distribution and marketing. Similar to what we've done prior years to have more higher dollars because, again, last year 2020, our plan to grow 50% or greater from 2017 is considerably higher sales growth in dollars, so we're going to need more OpEx to field all of those distribution initiatives and programs. In terms of R&D, specifically, we are going to continue to up R&D. We see a number of opportunities to make the cobot extend into other spaces that it's not in today. And this goes back a little bit to the question earlier when we go to a different cobot size. Frankly, we see so many opportunities with the three cobots. The challenge for us is getting as many people that are talented onboard working in the right direction. That's the bigger challenge versus any shortage of attractive opportunities.
Gregory Beecher: I'll just add, inside the company, there isn't enormous amount of time trying to literally answer that those questions because they're really not answerable. There's so many uncertainties. And we're much more focused on are we executing our market share goals, our gross margin goals and so forth. And every time we speak to you guys, maybe to talk about the market. But it's not something that we put enormous energy and because it's something that it's not very notable.
Gregory Beecher: I think that the high end, it will be similar unit growth to this year. The low end will obviously be a significant fall back. But again, as Greg said, there's not a lot of analytics that go into the ranges I'm giving you.
Gregory Beecher: I think so much if it is tied to this prior conversation, where exactly is the market size next year for the point in time, but we feel good about the long-term trends. But calling any 12-month window is more difficult for us with precision. But that was what really drives our profitability because there are such good drop-through and higher sales in Semi Test. We don't need to add manufacturing people. We don't need to add engineers or sales people. So that's the biggest swing factor in our P&L is the market size. The things that we can control, obviously getting more market share, we've been doing that, improving robots we've been doing that and then improving our other system like LitePoint businesses we are doing that as well. But the wildcard in all of this is what is the Semi Test market, that's the biggest single thing to our profitability.
