Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Thanks, Greg. And, Carmen, we'd now like to take some questions. And as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow up.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Yeah. Let me pull that data for you, Tim, because I don't have it in front of me right now, but I'll get back to you right after the call.
Andrew Blanchard - Teradyne, Inc.: Great. Thanks everyone for joining us. And for those still in the queue, I'll get back to you when this call concludes. I look forward to talking with you down the road.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. Most of that is strength in the market than share. The analog market, especially related to automotive, has been strong for several quarters now. But in addition to automotive, more catalog analog buying really picked up in the first quarter. The only place where there's some share gain is a little bit in China but overall it's the market.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. The reference to first, second half was for the total company. In the case of Universal Robots, we would expect, as in prior years that the second half will be stronger than the first. It's Semiconductor Test that tends to swing the total company toward the first half weighting.
Mark E. Jagiela: Okay. Good. Yes, I think the pattern of even, odd year swings in the SOC test market are diminishing or behind us. But remember, the thing that drove that pattern wasn't some astronomical event, it was in any given year how much incremental complexity in the silicon that went into phones was added, and how much unit volume growth. So what we've seen in the past few years, and in particular this year, which might have traditionally been somewhat soft based on that old pattern, is that the complexity increase year-on-year is now accelerating. So you don't find – we haven't seen, for example, the same odd year pause in complexity growth. So that trend – and it's driven by things like new features, 4K video, VR, and competitive pressures, that kind of trend we expect will continue, but it's really complexity growth that's been the key.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. I wouldn't disclose too much there, although both of those are certainly within the scope of what we are looking at. I don't think the geographic weighting of revenue in any given quarter or point in time is the main strategic issue that we're trying to address, although that's something that if there's an opportunity to accelerate that we'd take advantage of it. I think we're really more looking to improve the differentiating capabilities of the product and, in that regard, accelerate and all geographies grow.
Mark E. Jagiela: Certainly the more semiconductors are packaged in these advanced packages, whether it's any one company's technology, I don't think is as important, is a tailwind for the market because the complexity of tests – it goes back to the complexity issue. The complexity of tests is high and therefore the test time and the parallelism. When the test time is high, parallelism tends to be lower, so it is a tailwind.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. In most applications in an integrated production line for our cobots, there is a programmable – PLC is part of the mix. And the question always sort of dovetails around what's the master, slave arrangement there. We support already a very simple, easy-to-use interface with a variety of PLCs out in the market. It is a – one of the things that lowers the barrier to deployment as opposed to an island of automation, let's say, a more sequentially automated factory. So I think much of the capability around that is in place. It will continue to grow in sophistication with each software release over time. But it's already a factor in many installations.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah, good question. We've been focused on both metrics, let's call it the velocity through the existing distributor network year-over-year how can we grow the per distributor or per integrator sales, as well as incrementally adding new distributors to the mix. So those are metrics we track very carefully. And generally speaking, if you break down, let's say, the 60 some odd percent growth we had last year, that about half of that growth came – a little more than half actually of that growth came from increasing the sales per distributor or same-store sales, in your terms, and the rest came from adding additional distributors.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah, it depends on the geography. It still uses that same distributor model. The distributor networks in some countries is not as mature as it is in North America and Europe, so part of this is developing that network. And that's part of the reason it's taking a little bit longer, I'd say. But the basic game plan is the same, it's just a less mature market. But if you look at the various geographies, certain geographies in Asia Pacific that aren't heavily industrialized are growing a bit slower, but other areas, certainly China for example, have quite high growth rates, albeit off a relatively lower base.
Mark E. Jagiela: Total company. Yeah. What I mentioned in my comments is that typically we see first half in the sort of 53% to 55% of the annual revenue. This year I think it'll be more swung toward the high 50s in the first half versus the back half simply because a lot of the installations in the mobility space are a little bit more accelerated this year than in the prior years.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, it's hard to say that this is the new normal. I don't think there's anything that happened this year that suggests that's the case. I would just point out, as I have in the past around the booking volatility, that just a few weeks of shift in ships or orders can make these kinds of swings. So there's nothing significant, I think, to be read into the pattern.
Mark E. Jagiela: And I would just add a little color to that around – to install a cobot into a customer's production line takes a system integrator some handful of weeks worth of work for the final amount of customization. So having that bandwidth globally growing at, say, a 50% to 100% rate is a key enabler for faster growth. That's something we started investing in last year. We'll continue to invest in this year. But tying that back to an earlier comment, that to the extent we can increase the velocity or the amount of cobot installations that can be done per technical engineer in the field, that also has a multiplying effect on our growth. And so in that vein the R&D investments that were put in place, both last year and this year and going forward, focus a lot on reducing that handful of weeks further to allow for this sort of higher velocity. So we're pushing at it both in R&D and in distribution to try to incrementally raise that growth rate.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well first of all, mobility, I think, year over year – if you look at mobility this year compared to last year it's not that different. It's pretty close. So, the growth that we're seeing is in the other parts of the market in 2017. It's automotive, it's image sensor, it's analog. It's those kinds of things. And it's very difficult to look forward into 2018 to say what might happen there. It's all going to be predicated on – in the mobility space, the degree of complexity increase and the device is going into handsets next year. I do think that the analog and automotive space historically have had some volatility to them. We've just come through a pretty strong tooling cycle over the past few quarters, so I would expect that automotive will settle back down a little bit, but that image sensors on the other hand I think have much more upside. So, getting beyond 2017 is a fool's errand to try to predict, but those are the sort of macro trends I see happening.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. I don't – C.J., I don't think it's driven as much by the node changes. I'll go back to that in a minute. There's some minor effect there. It's really the complexity increase. And the correlation is that, obviously, 7 nanometers versus 10 nanometers allows for a lot more transistors to be put on the device at the same cost. And the trend line is, especially related to video processing, high-resolution 4K video processed in real time is something that needs a lot of GPU intensity. And so, my guess is that that trend line is going to persist for a while in terms of complexity growth, which is the key driver in test time for the devices. Unit growth is probably pretty stable, as far as I can tell, but complexity growth is the key thing to watch. And the other thing around the 7-nanometer node, more and more these shrinking lithographies create new types of defects that raise – incrementally raise the test intensity. So we do see a little bit of incremental growth just because of the complexity or the nature of the failure mechanisms. But it also creates the need for more fan-out type advanced packaging because the size of the devices is getting to be so small that they become impractical to mount on a conventional circuit or substrate. It needs some sort of advanced substrate to adapt it to the factors in a consumer product. So that's another sort of related bank shot effect of 7-nanometer and lower.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. I think the best way to characterize it would be something that helps accelerate UR. Now take the example you gave of deep-learning software or artificial intelligence. That's an example of something that could be applicable both to the UR product line and also be a stand-alone product in other dimensions, even of itself. So something like that is within the realm of possibility, but in any of these cases it would likely be a tangent to UR, or a benefit to UR, as well as its own potential stand-alone revenue possibility.
Mark E. Jagiela: Sure. So first of all, for the Semi Test market, both memory and SOC we've increased. So I don't want to lose sight of the memory piece. But on the SOC side, one of the things growing this year compared to last year is image sensor testing, power linear is another example. Microcontrollers is another example. And our service business will also grow. And power management. So when you look at it in total, those are the growth pieces. As I've said before, mobile processing is kind of flat year-over-year, which is a good thing because traditionally historical patterns might have suggested that this year was going to be down. But that being flat and those other segments being up is what's driving SOC. In memory – the memory side is both NAND Flash and DRAM growth and so that market after last year coming in in the sort of mid fours could easily be up around $550 million. So there's another $100 million of growth there.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. There's really no seasonal pattern outside of mobility that I would cite as some trend to watch. Take the Eagle platform as an example, which serves automotive and power linear. That product has gone on a surge two quarters ago and is still continue but it had been at a much lower level for about seven quarters before that, six or seven before that. It's not even on an annual basis there. It tends to revolve around, in the automotive space, new model year cars, what extent their taking a step up in silicone content and complexity. And so what we see driving this round of tooling is that for model years starting in 2018 and 2019, that outside of the premium brands, a lot of the other brands are going to have a significant step up in electronic content.
Gregory R. Beecher: Right. Yes. UR tends to be more back end loaded. What my comments were trying to indicate is in the first quarter, there was some regional pricing changes made principally to, I'll say, discounts, there were some other changes made as well, but basically incentivizing the channel partners to get a higher level, much higher level of growth to earn higher discounts versus they might get them on the early orders in the year. So with that change in the program, there probably were some number of orders that came in a bit earlier under the old program versus the new program. Having said all that, we do believe Universal Robots has very strong growth hereafter and whatever early buying there may have been in the first quarter that will all be worked out early in the second quarter, so it should not affect third and fourth quarter.
Gregory R. Beecher: Mehdi, I think it's a reflection of Europe and U.S. have had higher cost so there's a much easier ROI payback, so you tend to have higher penetration there. Europe we got an early start in. Universal Robots is located in Denmark. North America now is growing at a rapid rate, as is Asia, including China. Longer term, we expect China and Asia to grow quite significantly as there's countless and scores of tasks that can be automated to improve quality as well as lower cost. So, I think the big opportunity long-term is keeping an eye on what goes on in China, while also continuing to grow North America and Europe at a healthy pace because we're so early in the adoption. There are still many companies that are vaguely aware of what's possible or starting to become aware.
Gregory R. Beecher: Let me take that one. It's due to – some of these systems that are sizable, there's an acceptance procedure. So systems may ship in the second quarter but we don't take revenue until it's formally accepted. So there can be a delay in that respect. So we may have some sales that are sizable that are early in the subsequent quarter, they just don't make it into the second quarter.
Gregory R. Beecher: We don't spend a lot of time on UR's profitability across geographies. We tend to look at it on gross margin and as well as growth rates and what we need to grow faster in each region, what the impediment is. But at a higher level, let me try this, summarize it that, last year we operated at about 10% operating profit rate because we put a lot of distribution in place, anticipating there will be competitors in this space. Well we don't see them today. We expect to at some point and we want to have very strong distribution in the places that will be hard for them to replicate. And, again, many of the competitors may be eventually call on automotive for us but we call on many other regions and applications where our channel partners outside of automotive that gives us I believe a big leg up. So we said this year we expect to get closer to 15%. So where do we end up? At 13%, some number like that. That all depends upon the sales and how much we meter out in investing. Long-term, I'd expect by 2020 to get to a 20% operating profit rate at Universal Robots.
Gregory R. Beecher: And I would just add to that. I think in Mark's comments he described that the SOC test market is tracking a little bit higher than what we thought a quarter ago. So we're seeing some positive signs in our major market.
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, we're certainly trying to balance all elements and we're most focused on growing faster now and getting further ahead in terms of our channel partners, their velocity, their training, their strength, repeatable solutions, this Universal Robots Plus Portal (42:26). So we want a whole bunch of ammunition so that when we see competitors in the future, we're far ahead beyond ease-of-use and reprogramming. So we are investing aggressively to get further ahead and we will continue to do so.
Gregory R. Beecher: We don't think that would have a meaningful impact what so ever. We would suspect that Chinese semiconductor companies need to get the best test solutions so they're competitive globally. So therefore, we don't think it has any meaningful impact to us.
Gregory R. Beecher: There's no other number, C.J., other than 50% or greater and we've invested heavily last year to raise the growth rate. So time needs to unfold to see where we end up relative to, let's say, the 62% that we've invested to try to beat that, but we want to stay on the 50% or greater and not raise it too high in terms of – with investors. But we're putting a lot of energy and focus into growing it as fast as possible.
Gregory R. Beecher: Sure, Tim. On the latter, we got the board approval for this in late January, so therefore we didn't have a full quarter to work with. So we took the $200 million and divided it over the remaining days, so therefore the whole month of January was not in the calculation. So it's just when we started it and how we allocated it. We chose not to put a quarter in a short time period in the first quarter. We just spread it out evenly. So we constantly look for new opportunities on the M&A front, but we're patient. And there isn't a long list of attractive targets. There tend to be one or two that we're looking at, and we have to be careful because we don't want to disrupt Universal Robots. That's the last thing we want to do given their growth rate. So it would likely be something that could operate side by side, independently but still have leverage, and that just makes it harder to find something. So we continue to look, but we're patient in that endeavor.
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, we've been frankly surprised when we go to trade shows that we still have such a substantial lead, and what's been made clear is it's very difficult to break the traditional robotics model and make robots designed for a shop-floor operator to program, versus an engineer. That was a very big change that Universal Robots brought to market. It's hard for others to encapsulate all the complexity into wizards or into buttons you can press to simplify the automation. The other – and having the first reliable cobot that was highly repeatable, some of our competitors had different technologies and it wasn't quite repeatable, or it came with two arms, or it came with things that weren't valuable. We had a big lead in terms of being industrial, reliable, highly repeatable, easy to program, right cost point, so we hit all the things that mattered. The competitors we see at trade shows tend to be Universal Robots' copiers, and it's proven harder to copy us. With that said, we're investing a lot to make it an even easier to program our cobot. The idea is the simpler it is to program it, you open up new applications, the more customers or end-users can look at our website and say hey, this can be automated and here's a number to call to get that accessory. You just open up more people looking at automating these repetitive tasks. So there's a lot going on to get further ahead, but we have a very substantial first-product-mover advantage that we're investing aggressively to get further ahead.
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. OpEx in 2015 – we ended the year in 2015 with about $7 million a quarter. When we closed last year, it was about $12 million a quarter in the fourth quarter. And as we get to second quarter this year or – it's probably about $18 million a quarter, so yes, we've increased UR OpEx along with the sales, given we've got more distributors and many more programs to improve the velocity. So, I would expect Universal Robots $18 million per quarter this year to increase probably another $6 million next year. And then there will come a point, I don't have the exact time period, where it will move at a slower rate and we'll be able to drop more of the sales growth through to the operating profit line.
Gregory R. Beecher: We tend to look at that model once a year in the October call and/or the January call. So we tend to leave it alone during this period. We understand that we're doing quite well against it, which most plans you set you need to have a more aggressive plan than what you tell investors. So that shouldn't be a surprise to you. So I think at the end of the year, we'll revisit do we stick with that plan or do we modify it in some fashion.
