Mark E. Jagiela: Sure. So, there's a variety of things related to complexity and tester growth. Certainly, transistor count is one element. And transistor count, roughly, it doesn't scale proportionately. If transistors grow 50%, generally speaking, everything else being equal, test time might grow 25%. Then, there's the question of yields. So, if we end up moving to a new lithography node or a design that's perhaps more marginal, a 10% change in yield can translate to a 10% change in test intensity or the asset base you need to test the parts. There's another factor, even if it's the next-generation RF chip or a next-generation power management chip, there is – separate from testing the transistors, often there's tuning needed for the part. The tester actually tries to find the right – the optimum operating point for the part and has to sort of hunt for it. That takes time. And as these devices get more complex, or in a power management device get more independent cores that they need to power, that can start to chew up test time. And then the last thing, I guess, I would point out is the sort of loading effect. In the mobility space, in particular, historically, there's been intense production three to four months prior to a new product launch. And then, the capacity utilization of the tester fleet thereafter might drop down into the sort of 70% to 80% range from a peak of 100%. And some optimizations, I think, there occurred where the devices had a longer build-ahead cycle to sort of mitigate some of that peaky. And that's kind of suppressed it. So that's a bit of a long answer, but those are sort of the principal factors.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, I'll answer part of that. On the China portion of UR's business is somewhere – it's roughly in the sort of 15% range. And that can move a little bit quarter by quarter, but that's a rough number.
Mark E. Jagiela: And the growth rate in China through 2017 was ahead of other large regions like North America and Europe. And this year, it's been lagging. And in particular, in the third quarter, we saw sort of a plateauing there. So, you can probably do the math from that, but 15% of the total and it's – again, what I – and what I said in my script is if we take out China in the third quarter, we're at about a 54% growth rate in all the other regions. On the OpEx, I'll let Greg answer it.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. Frankly, our analog demand has been quite bullish and accelerated in the third quarter, in fact. So part of that is due to what I would say is back to this issue of test intensity. So some of the – even though our customers' sales may not be growing as fast, the new devices going into automobiles are incrementally complex and need more test time. So there's always a bit of an ebb and flow of how much test is needed per, let's say, ASP of a analog chip or any chip. So we're seeing a little bit more test intensity. Automotive, if you just look at automotive, the microcontroller portion of automotive is actually not growing in this year, but the analog content of automotive has been growing.
Mark E. Jagiela: So Rethink is a great example of the fact that a rising tide doesn't float all boats. It does predicate – product differentiation matters. That's what UR has had. That being said, there's some very talented, creative people that developed a product line at Rethink. And we took the opportunity to hire a large portion of that to bolster our roadmap plans at UR. The IP side of it, if you look at the hardware, which a lot of what the IP was and is, it was really that's part of the issue with the product. It wasn't a very accurate implementation of a cobot. It had difficulty in repetitive accurate motion. And so it's really not a set of IP that we were interested in on the mechanics. We were much more interested in the talent that was at that company. But again, I will just point out that there's a lot of churn in the cobot industry. There are tens and tens of start-ups around the globe and they come and go within a matter of months. So the opportunity for the market is becoming clearer and clearer. But in terms of successful breakouts, UR still pretty much stands alone.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. I think, Tim, without, again, being too specific, I think that earlier in the call, I outlined sort of four things that can go on to sort of pull this north or south. And transistor count, if it, like I said, grows 50%, that should, everything else being equal, yes, grow the test intensity by about 25%. And in most years that's exactly what happened, but there's other factors like yields that can swing this equation. So, that would be something to consider. There's other factors like smoothing out production instead of peaking production in the summer. And there's this third factor of how much tuning is needed for the part, separate from just checking the transistors are they working, but essentially making the part work better or not. Different algorithms come in and out of how to tune the part year-to-year and that can affect it. So, within that mix, there was a very-you could call it a structural change, but there was a – enough improvements in areas like yields and in smoothing to mitigate much of the test time.
Mark E. Jagiela: I think, right now, we don't have the test time insight at this point of the year for next year's product to know. That's why we usually wait till Q1 to try to give a forecast there. So it'd be pure speculation. I do think some of the things that have happened this year do form a new baseline, but the one piece of data that we don't have is what's the test time going to look like on this new part.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. So on the last part, I don't think we're immune from it. And we've said in prior calls that the analog and automotive market has been running for years now much stronger than it had been the case in many prior cycles. So on the analog and specifically automotive case, I think what's driving that is really the test intensity of devices in automotive is much higher. And so, I expect that will continue to buoy up the automotive business with the normal variations and such. If you step back and look at the total SOC market, what I said is that this year it's going to be sort of in a $2.6 billion to $2.7 billion kind of range. So, essentially, close to what it was in 2018 – or 2017, I mean. I do think, in the SOC case, we're not abnormally hot right now. We are operating at what looks like a pretty reasonable level. So that doesn't mean we won't see these kind of swings that we've seen in the past in the market, but on a trend line basis, I wouldn't say that right now we're above the trend line in SOC. And then, on memory, just another couple of points on memory. Memory, I think, we believe is running hot. And $750 million is more normal. But if you zoom into next year, two things are going on next year that could cause it to be above the trend line again. One is the facilitation of the backend of the indigenous fabs in China has not yet occurred. I believe it will occur next year. And then, the second thing is the launch of LPDDR5. And those two events could very well cause it to be a little bit warmer than normal next year as well.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, when you think about 5G, let me do Semi Test first because 5G in Semi Test, it's not only a question of RF testing of these millimeter wave devices. It's also a question of all the backend processing and data pipes to move that much data around in the infrastructure or in handsets or in consumer devices. So it's a multiplicative effect in Semi Test that extends – obviously, RF is going to need a whole generation of new RF millimeter wave test equipment. None of the existing hardware out there can test millimeter wave. So that, in and of itself, is probably – that'll run $100 million – couple hundred million dollar TAM for four or five years, starting maybe around 2021, additional TAM. Then on top of that, you're going to find all of the communications and processing devices behind that that's moving the data around will also go up dramatically in complexity. So, we think – again, this is 2021 and beyond, but there's probably, in Semi Test, a good $300 million, $400 million bump due to 5G and its associated impact. Flipping over to LitePoint for a minute, now we're talking about testing essentially handsets, very high volume or access points, high volume RF-only type testing. And I think there we're seeing similar timing. 2021 is when production really starts to move. But the market delta there or the market will probably grow an additional $100 million to $150 million a year for five or six years.
Mark E. Jagiela: I think could – as a could statement, yes, I don't know that that's what we would expect. I think, for example, in the automation businesses, Q4 is always a peak. And as they become a larger – and then Q1 is down from Q4. That's been true for the past four years. We expect that again next year. And as they become a bigger part of Teradyne, that will tend to drive that negative delta, Q4 to Q1. The Semi Test piece, usually we begin to see the very beginnings of the mobility ramp for the summer at the tail end of Q1, but that can move around between sort of March and April. So that's kind of the one wild card. The other businesses, LitePoint, System Test, as an example, look pretty strong. So I would expect, there we'd see a little bit of growth in Q1. So it's really back to, okay, we know what's going to happen with the automation groups. They're going be down. And I don't know how much, but maybe it's going be down $20 million or so from Q4. But what's going to happen with the timing of the mobility ramp is what the key swing factor is in Q1.
Mark E. Jagiela: Let's see. I'm going to just look at some numbers here for a minute. So I would say, in general, revenue-wise, we are around $200 million or so a year of Semi Test revenue due to automotive, maybe a little – it swings between $200 million to $250 million, but in that range.
Mark E. Jagiela: Oh, share, yes. So our view of that is, as we revert back to the $750 million or so, our share should be able to move based on the current product we have and some new products that are in the pipeline up to that mid-40s, 50% number by that 2021 midterm point. Share in memory kind of moves in bigger chunks than SOC, where one to two points a year is a tough slog because of the concentration there in memory. We think we can move it a bit faster.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. So I think the e-Series as an example was probably about a year-and-a-half development cycle. The bin picking – and that one, I think as Greg described, it's not really a major wave. It's a platform that enables what's coming. And real, I'd say, biggest one on the horizon is this economical vision-based bin-picking solution that is probably, all said and done, will be about two to two and a half years in development and we will begin selling that next summer, roughly. And it will have an impact in 2020. So, from the time we start till the time it has a measurable meaningful impact, it might be three, three and a half years for a major innovation like that. Other things, like, for example, in the script, I talked about Soft Robotics. Grippers are another area where innovation is needed. Here's a company developing a gripper that allows manipulation of small or fragile objects. That opens up many more applications. That development for that company outside of Teradyne, but applicable to us, was probably about a year and a half. So figure in the space anywhere from a year to three years depending on the magnitude of the sort of innovation.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. So, there's a couple of factors. One factor is the degree of, let's say, contacting or parallelism you can achieve with some of these advanced packages is limited compared to a traditional semiconductor package. The same essential complexity in an advanced package versus a traditional semiconductor package could be, or has been, recently about a 20% bump on the advanced package side in terms of test time. And then, the other factor that we get is the level of interconnects that need to be tested and the degree with which some – it's not on all the same piece of silicon. So the characterization of crosstalk and impedance mismatches goes up when you're in an advanced package environment. So the amount of testing of those interconnects necessarily goes up. That's a less impactful, but it might be like a 5% header. So when you put the two together, maybe 25%.
Mark E. Jagiela: Let's see. I would say that in flash where we have historically concentrated, that we would expect it to be higher, actually, because we participate both in package test and wafer test. And in some of the DRAM spaces, since we have very low share in DRAM, I would expect it to be higher too. So overall, China should be – if our worldwide share right now is roughly 30%, China should be slightly better than that, starting out.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, we have been running above the model for a period of time. There's a number of puts and takes with the model. Some things were ahead. Some things were not ahead. So, we constantly look at it and we'll make changes if it's significant. I would expect we would likely stay at this higher range. We certainly could drop back a point or so if we have large buying from a concentrated customer. But we've done a lot of good work on material, particularly in our Universal Robots as well as our System Test group. So these are – should be margins that we can hold, give or take, maybe it leaks back a point here and there.
Gregory R. Beecher: As to the investment level, in the short-term, we wouldn't do anything different. The investments, they tend to be lower-cost investments per person in China. And we do believe long-term, it will be a very high-growth market. It's just in this period where capital equipment – even though it's a very low cost with a faster return, it seems as though there is just greater uncertainty and there's a bit of a pause. So we need to see how that plays out. But I would not advocate cutting back spending now, because I think long-term, this is going to be a significant part of Universal Robots' business.
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, when you think about Universal Robots, let me go up a level of abstraction. Let's say, our gross margin is about 60% and then, we're running the business for growth, but we end up with mid-teens or upper teens profitability this year, last year. So that delta, 42%, is really OpEx.
Gregory R. Beecher: So I think you're going to see continued meaningful OpEx investment that we're going to make. Now, when you get to 2020 and 2021, you're not going to see that same growth of OpEx because we're going to have built out our sales organization. We're going to have the infrastructure finely tuned. There's still many channel partners who need more support. There's large accounts we can pursue. There's OEM channels. So there's still a lot we're getting to. But I would say, after next year, the OpEx growth will be much more modest than what we see for 2019.
Gregory R. Beecher: I might not have all the details, C. J., but I think the way to think about UR for this year is we were thinking it could grow 50% for the year. It's going to be between 42%, 43%. It's going be in that type of range, it looks like, given we have nine months in already. We do firmly believe that there's going be waves of adoption. And there's many waves we can see out in time that haven't hit yet. And you could also look at last year when we grew 72%. That probably was a little bit above, I'll say, a trend line. So I just want to kind of illustrate that we'll be above or below a trend line. And it doesn't necessarily mean anything other than it's just not a smooth line. With – MiR is shipping this new product. So depending upon how many they can complete and ship, that can be a little dicey because it's a brand new product, but if they're able to ship them, we're going to be on a pro forma basis, not what's in Teradyne financials, but on a pro forma basis, we could achieve the $30 million of sales, which would be huge growth from where they were last year. And Energid's immaterial, so I'll just leave that one alone. That's more of a capability that enables us to extend what UR can do.
Gregory R. Beecher: What's happening in Industrial Automation, C. J., is, last year, you might recall, Universal Robots by itself got to 19% operating profit. It wasn't mid-20s. It was 19%. And frankly, that was higher than what we were planning. And we didn't hire as many people as we wanted to, particularly in North America. So we had some catching up to do in North America. So 19% was, again, artificially high. If you go back a year earlier to 2016, it was 15.5%. So it's kind of been mid-teens. It'll be mid-teens this year again. I think what really is going happen with Universal Robots, or you can put the whole Industrial Automation together, is that as we build out the infrastructure and are not expanding into new territories or hiring new channel managers, then we're going to get profit drop during the sales growth, a custom with what we see in other businesses. But because it's growing so fast, we're still catching up our infrastructure. And the model we showed longer term, we still believe that model is reasonable and achievable. It's aggressive and credible. So that's what we're targeting. We'll look at it once a year to see if there's any fine tuning, but overall, I think the range is probably pretty good.
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, Energid will be under $1 million and MiR should be about $13 million. So the balance is Universal Robots.
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, it depends on what number you put in for UR. We're not forecasting UR for the fourth quarter, but UR could be in the 70s. That's certainly possible.
Gregory R. Beecher: I'll take that one. I think there's going be other enabling technologies that can help us extend the products into new applications that they're not in now. We may find that the ecosystem provides that capability. But in the case of, take Energid, we thought it was best if we advanced that capability for it, because we didn't see path planning being brought to cobots, and it greatly limited what cobots could do for 3D pick-and-place. So it's very specific to the situation. If you take vision as an example, there's a lot of good vision modules out there already. So there may be opportunities to, simply with software, make the vision easier to use versus getting involved in anything to do with the vision because there's third parties who are very capable. But it's really making it easy to use is where we come into play. But there's a lot of things in our funnel that we're looking at, so I would expect there'd be other M&A opportunities over the next couple of years.
Gregory R. Beecher: At the moment, no. In fact, our Semi Test sales are up in China this year compared to last year. But there are certainly conversations about all types of scenarios. What level of support could we provide if some scenario happened? And we continue to tell the Chinese customers that we manufacture our UltraFLEX products in Suzhou, China, and we ship it to China. So we think we're in a good spot. But the only place where we can see where it's come back as a reason for the pause is that UR through the distributors, that they see more uncertainty at the small and medium enterprise level. Now the Semi Test companies are still going very strong, moving aggressively in China. So we're not seeing any slowdown there.
Gregory R. Beecher: I think the e-Series can drive an initial wave. I think some of the bigger waves come from enabling technologies such as this Energid Actin path planning, where today cobots aren't very good with – they really don't have path-planning. So they're very limited as to what they can pick up or maneuver around, say, a tray or a bin. So there's many tedious jobs, picking things out of bins or trays, that we believe, over time, with this software, we'll be able to make those tasks accessible with cobots. That to me is probably the clearest example. But if you looked at the growing number of UR+ certified third-parties on our website, you could see many different applications. And a number of them we would not have thought about. That's the beauty of this, is we have a lot of R&D dollars by others who are closer to end vertical markets. And then they see a need and they build from our platform.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. Yes. End of 2019, I would expect that we would have some sales that we would not otherwise have. And I think 2020 is the year there'll be a meaningful wave there.
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, on that score, the Nextest Magnum product is in Malaysia, so it's not in the U.S., which obviously is a plus. Now, we have – about a year ago, we did – there's a small amount of testers that we would ship into the U.S., very small for engineering characterization. We were able, given the unique configuration of those testers, to move those to other sites outside of China and do the box-build configuration and then avoid the tariff legitimately. So there is some ability to move some things around, but you can't move large amounts of manufacturing. But I don't think we'll need to because most of our manufacturing, particularly for Semi Test, it's all in Asia. So, it's already there. And then, you take Universal Robots, they're in Denmark. So the only place we really have manufacturing in the U.S. is LitePoint. It's our Mil/Aero – and Mil/Aero business, but everything else is offshore.
