Greg Smith: That's a great question. So first, in terms of like technology transition to 3-nanometer, we've seen no real substantial changes from any of our customers in terms of the pace at which they are trying to move to 3-nanometer to support more complex designs. So that drumbeat is continuing. The thing that we are seeing is that the declines in unit volume in PCs and smartphones has created a fair amount of idle capacity that needs to get filled up before tester demand is going to return. So the -- so we think that, that is likely to be significantly stronger in 2024. At this point in time, we don't know whether 2024 is going to be good or great. The other things that are going on is like I talked about the demand in China that might be sustainable, the automotive and industrial markets have been going really, really well, and we think they have great long-term potential, but there are often temporary supply/demand imbalances. So they might get incrementally softer. So there are some things that could mute the up that you see in 2024 that I think all of us expect with sort of a return in unit demand.
Greg Smith: I can give you a little bit of color. So there's no significant change in the amount of reuse. The tester capacity that we've put in place is largely fungible across all of the technology nodes that are here now or coming. So we're really talking about what's the incremental demand, how much more capacity needs to be put in place. The one structural change is that we haven't really seen a peak in demand since leading producers of mobile phones have started to reuse silicon in lower parts of their product line. So instead of putting a new processor in all of the phones, they use last year's processor and a portion of the volume. So at this point, we haven't seen a significantly strong year since that decision has happened. We believe that long-term, that kind of thing will come out in the wash, but it may make the demand less peaky.
Greg Smith: Yes. I think we don't have enough visibility into the way 2024 is going to shape up to really call a market size for next year? Directionally, I think it will be stronger, but I can't really tell you how much.
Greg Smith: Yes, so the DDR5 ramp we're kind of running against the same schedules that we've had for a while. So we haven't seen any significant pushout of the technology shift. So I think we've got a pretty steady demand for the capacity to support the new technology DRAM testers. For UR20, we're going to be starting substantial shipments of that in the second half of this year. And I would say that it will have a substantial impact on the growth that we're able to achieve in UR this year. It's going to have a meaningful single-digit impact on growth.
Greg Smith: Sure. So how sustainable. There's a fairly large capacity increase that has come online in terms of ability to produce vehicles and the supply chain has reacted to that. We are starting to see that the lead times for many of the parts, the sort of electronics that go into cars are starting to come down but there are a lot of linear devices that still have extremely low inventory levels and extremely long lead times. And so that appears to be where capacity is being added to support reducing those lead times. So if they catch up, if vehicle sales drop remarkably or if they bring that more into balance, then I would expect that to soften. But the thing I'll remind you is that the current situation for us and our competitors in this space is we're running with tester lead times that are in excess of 26 weeks. So we have a pretty good idea of what these customers are going to need over the next few quarters. And so I would say that the likelihood that we're going to see a lot of softening in that space is probably out a little ways in time.
Greg Smith: Yes. So I really don't think I can speculate on what's going to happen in terms of those regulations. I will say that we are a supplier to the two major memories producers in China. And if there are regulations that impact that, it will have an impact on our sales there. To sort of size that, our sales to indigenous memory in China, like all indigenous in China is about 4%, 5% of total Teradyne revenues and the portion that goes to memory there is probably between a half and two-thirds of that number.
Greg Smith: Yes. Toshiya, it's a great question. In terms of robotics growth, the first, just a quick correction. The change to distribution isn't like distribution-to-direct. It's really establishing an omnichannel strategy that we're continuing to invest in our traditional distributors. We're adding additional channels through OEMs and, in some cases, direct business. So it's not like a complete flip, but it does -- it is sort of moving resources around. In terms of market share, I agree with you. It's really hard to get market statistics about the COBOT market. The best data that we have is that from 2021 to 2022, share was relatively stable. We've got between 35% and 40% of a -- in 2023, it will probably be about a $1 billion market. Our nearest competitor has probably less than a third, a quarter to a third of that share and that number two player has shifted from year-to-year. The trend that you noted about China competitors is certainly true that the Chinese competitors are coming up, and they are doing very, very well in the Chinese market. The price points in that market are significantly lower than the rest of the world. And their understanding and knowledge of that market is better than our or other foreign competitors. So what's happening in China is that our products are tending to migrate towards sort of a premium tier, both international customers and customers that really value the ecosystem that we have. In either specialized software or specialized adapters that they can get with our products that they can't get with a local supplier. So we are -- we think we can hold the share that we have in China in that particular segment, but there's definitely a competitive threat -- pricing competitive threat from Chinese suppliers that we're really trying to deal with through differentiation.
Greg Smith: Yes. No, that's -- it's certainly a question we've been talking a lot about internally. So here's the way that we see it. The rise of generative AI, things like ChatGPT is a significant driver for additional cloud Compute capacity, especially accelerated capacity. Right now, the primary way that that acceleration is delivered is through traditional GPUs. So I would expect that, that's going to be a tailwind for our competitor who has much higher share with traditional Compute. At the same time, the same companies that are making these really aggressive moves to try and capture market share in the AI market are also the same vertically integrated producers that are developing their own ways to accelerate that type of Compute. And that's where we are investing our energy primarily is to capture those customers as they bring that kind of technology to market. I don't want to give you the impression that we're -- that like we have VIPs locked up, but it's a different situation than the traditional Compute suppliers, because these new players don't have a long history of working with any particular vendor. So we are in shootouts in most of these places, and we're winning more than our fair share. And so as this market evolves and AI becomes a more important part of the vertically integrated producers or hyperscalers, the overall value delivery. Our hope is that these internal devices will long-term have a higher growth than traditional Compute. So short-term, really strong for traditional. Longer-term, better for vertically integrated.
Greg Smith: So Vivek, the things that we are looking at is we don't see a fundamental change, like you said in terms of a maturing of our consumer markets. We see the primary driver of the growth in semiconductor test to really be the pace at which leading chipmakers adopt new process technology. And there's a -- the thing that has happened is that the transition from 5-nanometer to 3-nanometer has taken longer than people expected. And I think that, that has contributed to some of the wall in the growth that we've seen in this market. But if you look, there is this -- there's a number of steadily increasing capability 3-nanometer nodes that are coming from both of the major foundries and behind that, there's a gate all around technology that's coming as well. And so as we talked about, the Compute and Mobility is 70% of the SoC test market. And the complexity in the Compute and the Mobility space is also the primary driver for advanced memory technologies and memory density improvements. So as long as that fundamental pace around nodes and node technology continues, then we think that the fundamentals for the growth are strong. I also noted that there is a significant amount of wafer front-end capacity that has gone in, but has not been turned on yet. And we think that that is a long-term driver for demand in the test space, because it's essentially the test equipment of dark fiber. It's there. It's going to get turned on and when it is, it's going to require testers.
Greg Smith: Okay. Yes. So it's a really good point and something that I think it's important to communicate clearly. We believe that the complexity increase enabled by 3-nanometer is on track to what we've modeled before. The reason that we are not seeing significant demand increase in 2023 is because the amount of capacity that is available driven by lower unit volumes is sufficient to absorb that complexity increase. So as unit volumes increase, we believe that we'll see the full effect of that higher complexity.
Greg Smith: Yes. So I -- Brian, it's a great question. Every year, this is sort of how the year starts that depending on the view from our perspective, the view from their perspective, you end up with a different view. And I think the challenging thing for us is predicting how strong or weak their business will be. And the same thing is true for them, is trying to predict how strong or weak our business will be. And so right now, you see that divergence. By the way, the same thing basically existed last year. And quarter-by-quarter, those numbers tend to converge. And you can take a look -- basically, I'd like to say that we feel pretty comfortable with the range that we set, the 3.3% to 3.8%. And we'll see if things strengthen through the year, we'll adjust that range quarter-by-quarter. But I don't -- I guess I don't see it as unusual as you do to see that kind of a spread.
Greg Smith: Actually, I don't want you to walk away thinking that. I think we ended up having a more accurate prediction last year than they did at the similar time, but if you look at it this year, I don't know that our molds are better than their molds for sure.
Greg Smith: Yes. So that's -- it's like you're sitting in our strategy sessions. So the way to think about the omnichannel is that we are doing this in steps. The first significant new channel that we're -- that we've established for you are is the OEM channel. And that from '21 to '22 the OEM channel grew 16% year-on-year. From '22 to '23, we expect that same channel to deliver like 20% growth, even though, overall, the UR growth is going to be significantly lower. In this year, we're taking steps to try and establish more effective coverage of large accounts, and we expect that to start delivering towards the end of this year and to significantly impact growth in 2024. After that, we have other channel additions that we'll be making. So the idea is each one of these channels, we think, is capable of delivering kind of 20% to 30% growth. And as we add new ones, they're going to have a multiplicative effect. So we have each channel growing at that rate and then adding a new channel which adds a new growth source. So that's definitely the reason why we have some confidence about the 20% to 30% growth per year over the mid-term, even though we're starting at a much lower rate. Now the second question that you have in terms of a broader portfolio, yes, once we build this omnichannel, it is going to be a very powerful advantage for us in our Robotics business. And we will be looking to try to find ways to leverage that strength to find other growth engines.
Greg Smith: Hi, Steve. So it's a pretty insightful question. So the thing that is going on. And if you look at us versus other industrial like robotics companies, you'll see that our results are significantly more volatile. And the biggest difference between us and them. And still, like if you think about cobots, they are $1 billion of about a $12 billion industrial robot market. The rest of the industrial robot market is running with one to two year lead times. And they are still very busy shipping product to help put together a whole bunch of EV factories and battery factories. That's a business that is not really core to the cobot space. And so I think that the -- one of the things that's going on is there's significant consumption of electronics into the other parts of the Robotics business, but our business tracks like PMIs and other broader indices a little bit more closely than that longer lead stuff.
Greg Smith: Yes, so it's -- the -- I don't really think of it in terms of a volume play, because that infers sort of commoditization, and we don't really see that happening. This is a high-tech space where technology differentiation actually matters. Having a better robot, having better software, easier-to-use capabilities, that makes a big difference as does having an ecosystem of partners that can help people build solutions quite quickly. The focus on large accounts, I think of that primarily in terms of our cost of sales, that by concentrating on a smaller number of larger accounts, we can sell more robots per account, and that allows us to grow with -- like that our sales growth will outpace our sales cost growth over time. So I see that as an efficiency game. The comment that you made about hardware versus services, I think that that's an important aspect of our future plans that we think that there are profit pools in retaining an engagement with customers that have bought our product, both in terms of providing service, but more importantly, in terms of providing new types of software, new components that will allow them to get more out of the product in the future. At the end of the day, our robots are really reliable. They don't break that much. So like a break-fix business, I would not expect to be a huge volume generator, but as robots get into more and more critical processes, these customers are going to want to pay for uptime and that's a more lucrative service model.
Greg Smith: Well, we might want to get a beer to have that conversation. I think that like in a nutshell, we believe in service as a service, right that the models where people are trying to offer hardware that depreciates as a service is largely around who carries the depreciation, and I think it's an interesting model at the low levels of penetration that we have right now in robotics because customers are reluctant. They're worried about making investments that won't pay off. And robots as a service allow them to walk away more easily. We're far more focused on solving those problems so that customers are willing to make those investments, because they're smart enough to figure out if they get a better deal by carrying the depreciation versus paying rent for the robot. And that's basically what you're talking about.
Greg Smith: Yes. Hello everybody. So High-Bandwidth Memory is certainly one of the leading-edge technologies that is driving some tester sales, some technology-related tester sales, even though overall capacity is down. But it's actually a really small part of the overall memory business. So it's a positive, but I don't think it's nearly as significant as the transition to LPDDR5 or the next generation of flash in terms of driving technology sales.
Greg Smith: Yes. So in terms of within auto industrial, any parts where we're more dominant, I'd say that the segment where we probably have a leadership position is in power and discrete test that when it comes to gallium nitride, silicon carbide, IGBTs, things like that. Our Eagle product line and the acquisition that we made of Lemsys a few years ago have allowed us to really establish a pretty good position in that space. It's not a huge part of that market, but it is a part of that market that we expect to grow over time. As for China restrictions, we don't know what's going to happen in the future. There is a lot of trailing edge fab capacity coming online in China and we're getting a share of that. There are also -- something that we are on the lookout for is that that is generally producing parts that you don't need a high performance tester to deal with. And there are some smaller test equipment makers locally there that are getting a share of that. So we're watching that, and we're trying to make sure that we protect ourselves against competitive losses.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. It's Sanjay. So disaggregating it, we think roughly the Compute market this year is -- and I'm going to give you the rounded numbers roughly at the midpoint, Compute at roughly billion dollars, Mobility at $900 million. Auto, we believe is flattish. And again, Auto and Microcontrollers at about $600 million, Industrial at $400 million and then Service at roughly $700 million.
Sanjay Mehta: I noted on my prepared remarks, $25 million, which is outside of our range and it's roughly its SoC in memory.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. Thanks for the question. This year, as I noted in my prepared remarks, we're going to be at 57% to 58%, and it's really tied to both product mix as well as we've got these, what I would call, transitory costs tied to manufacturing resilience. I think when that's materially behind us, I see no reason why we don't get back to our model gross margin of 59% to 60%.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. So second half, I think you asked about SoC revenue in the second half. And as I noted in my prepared remarks, we expect revenue to be a bit higher in the second half. And part of that increment is really tied to SoC. And while it does have auto and industrial is the main driver. So we expect SoC in the second half to be stronger.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Great. So last quarter, we had a little bit of market -- or component constraint as well. We brought in roughly $10 million of that constraint into revenue into Q1. And I'd say that overall, supply and demand is kind of coming in more into balance, really with the fall off of demand. And fundamentally, we see things normalizing. I would say that there are a couple of suppliers with still very long lead time for some unique components that we source, and really that's driven by demand that has just started to spring up where obviously, we have supply chain programs. We have available slots. But when several customers in specific industries or end market segments are coming in that really ends up outstripping our availability to supply. So think about it as a couple of key component suppliers in a couple of the markets that we're seeing an uptick in that's higher than our expectation, which is great. I expect that this quarter will be $25 million -- as I noted, $25 million outside. Obviously, we're doing our best to service the customers. I see that hopefully going down into '24. But with this uptick, the good news is we have the opportunity to solve these problems, and we're working very hard to do it. We have a track record of execution. So just think of it as tied to a couple of key components.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. I'd say going back to '21 and kind of the first part of '22, I'd say there was a wide variety of component supply chain issues that occurred. And think about it, the band is narrowing considerably. While there's a couple that are still out there, that we're working through and working very closely with our suppliers that are showing continuous improvement.
