Michael A. Bradley: Stephen, it's Mike. I think it's too early to tell. I wouldn't -- you maybe asking an HDD question. But we have hundreds and hundreds of customer systems. We have many more semiconductor test systems in Thailand than we have storage test systems. So if you'd like, I can broaden my comments to that.
Michael A. Bradley: Well, let's see. Let me say just a couple of things. One is, it's too early to tell definitively what the impact is going to be. Our priority right now is to be side-by-side with customers trying to assess the damage and quickly mobilize so that if they need anything, whether [ph] they are both with technical support and with material. We do, of course -- we're in the process of assessing where every system is. And we've got some take here on status of systems. I think it would be not appropriate for me to break down how many systems are affected and so on. But there is a direct effect that we're looking at systems that have been directly damaged and then there are any environmental effects that may reveal themselves over time. Right now, everything we know is factored in. So the guidance has got some amount of additional short-term equipment in it to try to plug any holes for folks. So your question was in the short term, is there an impact? Everything you see in our revenue plan is broken down there. We obviously don't want to get into describing either product types or customers and how they're affected. I think we'll leave that to those customers to delineate that.
Michael A. Bradley: Well, let's see. For us, I don't know if that's a market question or -- for us, this last year, we've been able to get into -- penetrate a number of new accounts, with a number of new applications. So consolidations will typically -- they can have 2 effects. One can be some compression in buying because there's better utilization of equipment. And the other one is that if there are new opportunities, you can pursue those new opportunities. I think we're tied more to the total market and how the market's going to move now. If you asked me that a year ago, I think the consolidation might have had a different effect because we were trying to design in at that point, and maybe that gets slowed down by a consolidation. So I don't think there's a kind of double effect here. We'll track, I think, more of the market now than we would in a specific business combination.
Michael A. Bradley: Stephen, on the buy rate. We're exiting the year at a pretty depressed rate. I think if you annualized SOC, it's operating at a sub-$2 billion level. And then memory, it's in the low 500-s. So in these cycles, if you are buying into -- that we're connected here at some mid-cycle level, we obviously have a recovery ahead of us. What's the magnitude of the recovery? Well, this will be the second lowest buy rate year for those 2 sectors in more than 10 years. And it's only -- the only lower buy rate was in the downturn in 2009. The timing of that, no one can call. I think -- you see, there's a chart in our -- on the web that talks about what the typical drops have been. And we are close to that 50% sequential quarterly drop, which is where some of the cycles have troughed. But the duration of it, uncertain at this point, whenever you hear customers are very, very conservative. And that's what we're hearing. But I think it has to come back, this $2 billion to $2.5 billion SOC market, I think is probably too north. And memory is a little harder to call but $600 million, $700 million in total market, I think would not be unreasonable to get back to. When is obviously everybody's question.
Michael A. Bradley: It feels to us more like a normal cycle than it does -- 2009 I think it will remain a little higher [ph]. So if you would do comparables, you'd look at those other 50% cycles. Now could it go for an extra quarter? Sure, it can.
Michael A. Bradley: Jim, I think the surprise from our end is not -- it isn't a big surprise because it looks like the same product set and same roadmaps that we're going to be -- have been competing with and will compete with. I think from an analyst standpoint, the surprise would be that there isn't more product rationalization in the short term. But that's the battle we're in. And as we've said in the past, this won't shift things quickly. It more shifts it on the basis of the normal socket war that transpires.
Michael A. Bradley: Well, NAND has clearly been better than DRAM in the total market and for us. You were saying that you would expect more from us or more from...
Michael A. Bradley: Well, I don't disagree with you. I think what happens is that as the device units and bit counts go up, the testers don't go up anywhere close to that. So the productivity side of the equation is still pretty effective in how customers are using the equipment. But I think you're right to characterize that the NAND side of the equation is certainly better in the market and it's certainly been better for us. The Magnum product's been doing pretty well there. So if you take total memory market, we'll gain a little bit of ground this year in share points. But unfortunately, that's in a smaller rather than bigger market.
Michael A. Bradley: Mehdi, as you know, we don't guide for the reasons you'd just described. I think that the -- if you go back to that chart that shows the prior troughs, I think you could -- as we said, you could see continuation at or around that level. I don't think we actually have more visibility than that.
Michael A. Bradley: I think it stayed on that same trajectory we've talked about earlier, that the pricing environment for the last 6 months thereabout, has been a little bit sharper than in the past. But we have gone through these ebbs and flows many, many times. And what normally happens is when you introduce your new product down the road, you do better because it had a different cost structure. But in the near term -- and maybe we're conservative. But in the near term, we want to reflect in the models, some of what we're sensing or seeing in some particular situations.
Michael A. Bradley: Right. For the incremental revenue from LitePoint, it wouldn't carry the same 18% to 20% level that the other business does..
Michael A. Bradley: I think a big chunk will come from current customers in the near term. As time goes on, more will come from new customers. They have very strong penetration into some existing customers, and we expect their new product to gain market share at existing customers first. But it's also being shown to some new customers. But I think the traction at the existing customers is just much stronger.
Michael A. Bradley: Patrick, we have. We're trying to position some material in the first quarter to be able to respond to the uncertainty.
Michael A. Bradley: Well, let's see. We -- I think we do 2 things. We speculate only to the level of saying that we think this is a 1%-plus buy rate business and a $200 billion device market. So we've been sizing our operations here around a $2 billion level, which has certainly been the floor in the last 4 or 5 years, below the floor of the market, which has been in the $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion range. So in a recovery year like you had in 2010, it's stronger than this year. I think this year's number is actually going to end up at about $2.3 billion or $2.4 billion. But we exit the year at a $1.9 billion rate. So we always try to size the business conservatively, meaning sizing the expense level. But we expect to -- that market to be still in that -- I'll call it $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion range.
Michael A. Bradley: Olga, there's no particular segment or customer. It's really the competitive environment that, in some cases, there are offensive moves, and we're the aggressor. In other cases, it's defensive moves where we're moving price to protect the sector. But if you looked at the last '10 [ph], you wouldn't see a pattern either in customer or market segment or product.
Michael A. Bradley: Satya, we didn't, but I can for you. Let me put it in context from last quarter to this quarter. I think last quarter, we were describing a total utilization rate maybe -- I think we broke it down, actually. Set the OSATs, we're in the mid to high 70s. In the IDMs, we're in the 80s. That's notched down slightly. The IDMs are now in the low 80s. They're probably in the mid-80s a quarter ago. The subcons are and the mid-70s at this point. So combined, I'd put us around 80 with a slight little bias towards the under, so high 70s at this point. So it's pretty low level.
Michael A. Bradley: I don't think that the money is being allocated and what's left over is going to test. I think that the test productivity has been very strong over the last few years, which has allowed unit volumes to go up and the tester capital to stay at a steady rate. So the allocation is based upon technology changes and with the test industry has been doing a very good job at is improving productivity and improving the useful license systems. Now that doesn't work great for the size of the market. But we're -- that's why our focus has been on share gains.
Michael A. Bradley: Satya, you're correct that the opportunity upside in the larger cellular market is one of the places that we think LitePoint has great growth potential. What Teradyne brings to the table -- frankly, we're trying to make sure that the engineering programs and the customer support ambition of LitePoint is met. And I think the bigger challenge is expanding in the field organization. So that's where we're trying to directly help. Longer term, there's obviously some opportunity for us to cross-pollinate on technology because we're in the device testing end and they're in the product testing end. So over a longer horizon, we intend to figure out ways that we can exploit the combination of the full range of test from semiconductor all the way to end product. But the focus right now is for us to accelerate to our larger worldwide footprint, the staffing that they need to do to get this market penetration during this next year.
Michael A. Bradley: Let's see, I'm pausing because -- I guess, we're not looking at it in units. We look more in terms of what's going to happen in the market segments. And I can give you a picture of that if you hold just 1 second. I don't want to do this in terms of 2012, Jagadish, if that's all right, because we don't think -- well, next year we're going to have 12% more unit volume because then you get into well, which testers at which level of price performance. But I think the important thing is if you carved the Semiconductor Test SOC market into its segments, the mobility segment is a little bit underside of the market [ph]. And I want to go back to a baseline of 2008, okay, because I think that's a pre-downturn or pre-correction of 2010. We think that market, the projections we have and that the market is projecting is that, that takes -- that moves up to be about 20% of the market. So overall, that goes up 17% over the next -- from '08 to '13. So it's got a larger a piece of the pie. I would add automotive and microcontroller to that, which is actually growing a bit more than that from about 9% to 13% of our projections. So what's being offset in the PC, the chip test, microprocessor or graphic segments are declining. So when you factor all that -- and those are the kinds of numbers we're thinking about market growth. And then you layer on top of that, we think we've got a very competitive position in mobility, automotive and microcontroller. And that's what, together, gives us the projection that -- we're trying to gain 1 or 2 points of market share each year in the total market.
Michael A. Bradley: Well, I think it's what I had said. In terms of the tester market, we think the sizing that you should use -- that we would use would be in the $2.3 billion to $2.5 billion market size.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. We're keeping an eye on the SSD module test area. And there's nothing -- we don't have products in that space at this point. But we'd certainly have technology both in the NAND test and in the storage test area that -- we're watching that market to see if it grows to a substantial size that would justify the kinds of platforms that we could develop or combine to address it. So nothing in the short term. But obviously, we're watching closely. And we think we've got a different portfolio of IP at this point to address it.
Gregory R. Beecher: Steve, this is Greg. I'll take the first one on accelerated depreciation. No, we have not heard that from our customers as a catalyst that might cause them to pull orders [ph] than they would otherwise. So that hasn't hit our radar screen yet.
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. Let me just give it to you quickly. The LitePoint business this year will be in the $130 million, roughly in that level. So if the market is around $1 billion, $900 million to $1 billion, that means it's in the midteens, let's say, 13% to 15%, 16% share. As we've looked at this market, it has -- the end market growth is higher than the semiconductor device unit end market growth, and the tester market growth is higher. We think the tester market could grow 8% to 10% compound for the next few years. So that's the TAM we're looking for, and as Greg outlined, we think we can be in the 20%-plus growth rate compounded over the next few years. So you can do the math, and see that our market share can move up as it will grow faster than the -- it'll grow -- we hope it'll grow about twice the rate of the tester market.
Gregory R. Beecher: Jim, it's Greg. I'll take that one. At this point, it still feels more as if it's the same. We haven't seen any significant changes in either's approach, and we certainly haven't seen any significant cost synergies. So it feels a little bit more that it's the battle that we're have been fighting for many years. I suppose that at some point, there may be some synergies or some rationalization, but that doesn't appear to be in the foreseeable future.
Gregory R. Beecher: Mehdi, this is Greg. We're not going to break out LitePoint's gross margin, so we won't do that. So there's a lot going on when you go from any one quarter to the next. For example, there's a lot less hard disk drive shipments in the fourth quarter. There are other ins and outs. So you're not going to have a trail that you can quantify LitePoint. What I did say earlier, though, if we had a normalized mix of business, everything was normalized at the $350 million. LitePoint would have an impact of about 2 points versus it not being in there. So LitePoint will obviously improve our gross margins.
Gregory R. Beecher: LitePoint has higher OpEx. So the higher gross margins gets diluted a bit with their higher OpEx, but the operating margins, that's still healthier than Teradyne on average.
Gregory R. Beecher: Mehdi, I think it would likely build and have stronger quarters in Q3. Q2 could be strong.I think it would build through the year. So I wouldn't look for Q1 to be a blowout quarter at all. There's new programs that they're going after and making great progress. So I think some of those things will take off midyear.So it is going to be quite volatile, it's level of sales.So I think it's easier to think about it as $40 million, on average, a quarter or better. But it can be quite a bit lower or quite a bit higher in any one quarter.
Gregory R. Beecher: That's a great question. LitePoint service business is very small, you're right. So it will be different than other parts of Teradyne. It will not get up to 18%, 20% being serviced. It will be dramatically lower. So yes, you can model that. And the life is certainly shorter. It's not as short as you've mentioned. I would think of it more as 3 years. And -- but there's a high rate of technological change, which obviously, is good for us because there's always a new tester needed every couple of years.
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, from an order rate, I think we're in the ballpark, plus or minus some amount. But we're in the ballpark. And I think that unless there's something very different going on, which we don't think there is because if you look at the segments, or if you look at OSATs and IDMs, I think all of these things triangulate to this level being likely to be around the bottom level.
Gregory R. Beecher: We didn't mention that other than to say that it was more in that one quarter than the entire first half of the year and that with the third quarter revenue, we're above the top end of our earlier range, which was $120 million. So over $120 million right now and there's a fourth quarter to go. Third quarter was a big quarter. Fourth quarter, we expect to be quite a bit less. But obviously, this is a very strong year for hard disk drive based upon new customers and new applications. Now I should also say, we set hard disk drive up to hit model profitability of 15% when they're at $125 million of sales. So we're obviously pleased that they're above that this year. And we'll close out this year with a record year for hard disk drive. And we'll look forward to next year in terms of any other expansions we can get.
Gregory R. Beecher: The trough quarter, from ops, about $60 million or so. One thing that has a little bit of an impact on us is we still have decent amount of deferred revenue customer advances. I know that's coming down. But that balance does tend to reduce what otherwise would be our cash flow inflows, about $60 million.
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. That's much quicker. It's 2 to 4 weeks. And those boxes have less variations or configurations. So it's much quicker.
Gregory R. Beecher: It does. And I'll add to that, that the turns and some other quarters can be 90%. So they're going to be a little more difficult to forecast with their volatility, high terms business, very little service business. So we might continue to have a little bit wider range to compensate for that.
Gregory R. Beecher: I'll add one thing to what Mike just said. We've sized our cost structure for $2 billion. But our inventory pipeline is often positioned to deliver revenue between $2.3 billion, $2.5 billion, that neighborhood. So we sort of have 2 plans, a revenue plan based upon where the market has been and what we have some belief that it's reasonable. But we size it -- the cost structure at $2 billion to ensure healthy profitability.
Gregory R. Beecher: It incorporates existing and actually added investment at LitePoint. They need to hire some more people in Asia and other locations to achieve a higher plan than the $160 million. So they're ramping up for more ambitious plan. It's not significant hiring, but some hiring. And LitePoint is doing quite well financially now. So we would certainly be on the side of investing more in LitePoint. And that's all factored into the model. We have put that in the model. So in truth, we might start off a little favorable to the model because all that spending may not be in right away in the first quarter of 2012.
Gregory R. Beecher: It's the latter. It's opportunistic. We want to be very patient in prior buybacks, whether it was Teradyne or others. Companies tend to buy back once they have a lot of cash and the authorization. And that often did not work with hindsight. So we'd rather be very patient, very patient. We have a conservative grid, pick up larger amounts as the stock goes lower and lower. So we may not meet our target in a 1-year period or 2-year period. But we think over a longer term period, it will be a better deal for the shareholders.
Gregory R. Beecher: I also think it's tricky to correlate LitePoint to SOC test because LitePoint has some sort of technological discontinuities, where new standards are being introduced, requiring a different tester. And that opens up buying. There's less of that in SemiTest.
