Sanjay Mehta: Hi, it’s Sanjay here. Yes, I think this year; we’ll come close or be in the range of hitting our earnings model out in 2022, and on the top line and the bottom line. And obviously there’s many puts and takes relative to what we published in the earnings model, specifically strengthened Semi Test and storage business offsetting the near term impacts of COVID and the IA portfolio. What we’ll plan on doing is in January updating that earnings model and provide guidance for the future then.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Hi, it’s Sanjay. So, we do a lot of work and trying to triangulate our shipments and then trying to understand utilization and inventory levels of testers out there. And I think what you saw in 2019 as Mark articulated earlier was a buildup of infrastructure test tooling and which kind of built the capacity. So they could have a run rate. From an end market and inventory perspective, we’re not seeing test or inventory build. We’re always on the lookout for it and concerned about it. But from the analysis we’ve done, we actually don’t see that inventory buildup.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Mainly from the tester equipment, it’s very hard from an end market perspective, be it smartphone or industrial or automotive to think about those inventories.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Hi, it’s Sanjay here. So the compute market is roughly annually $500 million to $600 million. And our share has been roughly 30% give or take historically. Our new UltraFLEXplus product will help us grow that share. And this initial design win will help along that journey. So that’s how we’re thinking about it in the near term.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Hi, Sanjay here. So I think over since 2015, we've experienced significant growth in UR than adding MiR in 2018 and then as well as AutoGuide in 2019. And that growth we expected to continue in 2020. Obviously, COVID hit, and we're looking at potentially a contraction year depending on how the market shakes out in the second half. However, our belief is that we're going to continue over the long run to grow at the 20% to 35% as Mark stated in his prepared remarks. And really I think that you consider over the short-term, I think there's going to need to be a balance of getting people back to work versus industrial automation. However, in the business development activities, we're seeing a lot of activity in this plant managers and decision makers looking to harden their production lines and social distance. So, we are seeing activity even in the short-term. I think in the long-term, it will provide a tailwind. However, we're still in the mid-term around the 20% to 35% growth, and we still continue to invest in product differentiation and application differentiation in those businesses.
Sanjay Mehta: Hi. It's Sanjay here. So I'll talk a little bit about kind of the GO and kind of monthly profile. So for UR, when I take a look at China, first to go into COVID and first to kind of come out, and when we take a look at kind of the monthly profile, we saw improvement in March and then sequentially we saw improvement throughout the quarter and really kind of coming back strong. And when we take a look at not back to last year's levels, but improving Q2 over Q1 and based on the forecast we see that improvement continuing. But when we take that recipe of opening up and we look at the data and look at the U.S. and Europe, which is over 70% of the historical UR business, we're very encouraged. And so, we are seeing business development activities. We are seeing growth coming, but really the baseline is China and the business activity in the U.S. as well as Europe. And from a product perspective from the applications, we're continuing to invest. We've recently have launched in April our ActiNav for bin picking. And we continue to drive for ease of implementation activities and really growing the ecosystem.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes, so I think I mentioned earlier in 2019, we were profitable and our full year plan in 2020 pre-COVID was a heavy investment year in IA, both on the engineering side as well as the go-to market side. And we still plan in IA to be profitable at similar levels in 2020. COVID hits and then you – we’re faced with a situation of not having the revenue growth. So we meet or down a lot of the go-to-market spends and that was a significant reduction. However, we continued forward with the engineering and application spend significantly. So, what you're seeing in the immediate short-term aside from kind of the re-vectoring that we did in metering down kind of the selling and marketing or go-to market spending is you're seeing more and more online marketing, more and more virtual trade shows, et cetera, and kind of restricted travel, obviously. So, you're seeing a short-term reduction in selling and marketing spend. However, you are seeing a little bit of travel and those types of costs within the engineering ranks, but we're continuing to significantly invest on that front.
Sanjay Mehta: We are – I don't believe in 2020, we will – it's very uncertain depending on the revenue levels in the back half of the year.
Sanjay Mehta: But we're teetering on. It just really depends on the top line, but we are – I want to reiterate that we are encouraged by the activity of Q3 and – as well as the ramp up in China for UR in Q2 and we expect that to continue.
Mark Jagiela: And I think just, I’ll add Mehdi that, as you know very well, we have a very volatile market that we play in. And so to sustain linear growth throughout a decade is not the kind of business we’re in, but the trend lines we do believe support, certainly reaching and exceeding that mid-term earning model that in no way is going to be a peak for Teradyne.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I appreciate the difficulty because if we had a formula, believe me, we would be using it and advertising it. But I do think what we’ve said is when we look at the big, big picture, we see that the growth in transistors is what drives complexity. And that over an average trend line gives us test growth, market growth in that 6% to 8% range. Now, there’s many puts and takes to go on every year. It depends if people are making a major transition from a note like a seven to five nanometer node that enables more transistors and typically has a lower yields that come with it. So it’s very lumpy year-to-year and very hard to model year-to-year. But the net effects when you look back historically for the past five to seven years and at our projections are that sort of 6% to 8% trend line growth for test. So I don’t think anything changing in that. But it’s not going to be smooth. It’s going to be lumpy. And the other thing is that affects this. If you look at this year, for example, the market for SOC test is really flat with last year. It’s about a three – and we said $3.1 billion to $3.4 billion market and the underlying economic effects of what’s going on in the world and cell phone unit declines and such as all and automotive being off and industrial being off is netting out to a flat market. Teradyne on the other hand is obviously picking up a lot of market share this year. That’s both good news and bad news. I think the bad news is we’d love to see the market grow every year, but in a very difficult macro year like this, the fact that it’s holding its own, despite the weaknesses and the pockets I just mentioned is encouraging. And then we expect as we come out of this pandemic and the global economy start growing again, those markets will continue to grow along those trend lines. So I wish I had the formula, I don’t, but I think the evidence is sort of speaking for itself.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. So 5G is a piece of a phone. It’s – the silicon-related to 5G in a phone is one part of a phone. So there’s no way the tripling of 5G triples our tester business. But to give you some sense, the infrastructure piece of 5G was very robust last year, and we talked about it all year long, and you saw that our business level grew toward the back end of the year due to infrastructure investments. And then we talked about the fact that those investments would taper off in 2020, which they have, and what would come into the market would be handset related growth. But we’re still talking about, and we’ve also said 5G in aggregate should add to our test business somewhere between $400 million to $500 million of market. And if Teradyne is at 50% of the market that should add, let’s say $250-ish million to Teradyne’s business, and when it’s peaking, but we’re not peaking. We’re not near peaking. This year, we’re – maybe a couple hundred million dollars into that $500 million envelope. So that will give you the sort of calibration on how much you might think 5G could mean to us over the next four to five years on an annual basis. When we get to that mature $500 million level, hopefully we’re running at that $250 million plus or minus additional revenue level.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I think what we’re – when you do the math, it is exactly what you just did. And now the decomposition of the various businesses in that, there’s a lot still in flux. So IA tends to be up in the fourth quarter and we expect that will continue. So I think last year with atypical with the strong semiconductors. So I think if you looked at prior years, you get essentially the same kind of mix.
Mark Jagiela: Well, I think over the long haul, meaning let’s say a year. I don’t think there’s going to be – I think there’ll be repurposed and there could be incremental buy in early on. We’re in a period right now where the testers are still very full up being used through this September 15 date until we get past the sort of grace period and into the embargo. So post that period of time, there could be some spot buying because they’re not completely fungible. But over time, they’ll work their way into the supply and demand balance. So there’s no long-term consequence here that we see. And our share position in the alternative sources of supply, it’s some are better, some are a little lower, but I think when we’ve analyzed it overall, I think, we’re neutral. We don’t see that we’re going to be overly benefited or a detriment because of the shift in who’s going to make the silicon for those products.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. What I would say is that, if even more recently you looked at 2016 and 2017. One of the differences we were seeing right now is that those were also heavy tooling years for smartphones for us. We saw pretty significant drops from Q2 to Q3 in those years, maybe on the order of 20% to 25% followed by another 5% to 7% in Q4. So this year instead of the 2Q to 3Q drop, we’re kind of seeing it all coming Q4 is our forecast. Our visibility is actually quite limited out there.  We – obviously, when you look at what we’ve been doing this year, and if you followed us a long time, there’s quite a bit of variability in the out quarter in terms of what might materialize. So we don’t have a lot of backlog that extends out that far and what will actually happen. There’s quite a wide range around it, but it’s based on the modeling we can do, the customer conversations we’re having and those kinds of things.
Mark Jagiela: Millimeter Wave, frankly, I think is quite a ways off from being a big part of the infrastructure and then subsequently handset story. It’s a big test intensive event when it occurs, but it’s likely, none of the geographies are moving aggressively with Millimeter Wave. In the U.S., there’s some boutique deployments, I would say, in urban areas and some high-density areas. But it appears most of the U.S. carriers are going to do is rollout sub 6G in some flavor first and then slowly move toward Millimeter Wave. So our view is, there certainly will be handsets at the premium tier that have that capability to run on those scarce networks and there’ll be some bump, and we’ve seen it already this year. Our Millimeter Wave shipments of test equipment at both LitePoint and Semi Test are tens and tens of millions of dollars. So it’s not insignificant even if the miniscule volumes we’re talking about. But it’s probably not until 2022, 2023 before it starts to matter would be my estimate.
Mark Jagiela: The whole storage test business, whether it’s HDD or SLT, has been a tremendous story, and it’s surprised us. And it seems as though the sustainability of it is pretty robust. It doesn’t mean it’s not volatile even in this year. You can see the quarter-to-quarter we can swing on shipments, 20%, 30% a quarter. So it’s quarter-to-quarter volatile, but the overall underlying demand is very strong for both HDD and SLT. The SLT side of it, as we’ve described before, it’s still somewhat of a nascent market. This is an additional test step that some high volume – manufacturers of some high volume digital centric devices are using to further reduce defects per million. And the economics of this insertion are something that both customers and equipment suppliers like ourselves and others are working to try to make more attractive for other classes of devices, lower volume devices, more mixed signal with RF and analog content and such. So how the rate of adoption of SLT is just a big unknown in this, but even with the limited adoption that exists today, you can see that from last year when the early adoption occurred outside of compute, which has been doing this for quite some time, it's grown to be pretty significant. It might be a $300 million tester market, something like that this year. And we're probably splitting it roughly 50:50 or so with Advantest tests and just sort of the test area. So I do think it's got legs. I do think that the underlying complexity issues, we're talking about compel these additional test steps in the very high end of complex devices. And so, it's going to be a growth industry. It's going to be volatile though. And until we get a dozen customers adopting this wildly, you're likely to see these quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year fluctuations that we've seen up till now.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, you're right. I did say that we would double and more than double in Q3, but it was off of baseline of $36 million in storage.
Mark Jagiela: So you're right. We think probably our share in SOC moves up around 50% this year and much of it – the majority of it is due to the shift of who's buying. So in the last couple of years, our share kind of came down. It wasn't customers defecting. It was who was buying. And this year, the biggest piece of the 10 point or so share gain in SOC will be opposite effect of our customers are buying more. However, there's also this component. We've talked about the UltraFLEXplus and the designs wins we've had in mobility and compute. Those are going to in the back half of the year add additional new revenue streams for us. And so, we are picking up real customers to on this. So that's not insignificant and that won't completely mature in 2020. It's going to be more of the beginning. And so that will grow throughout 2021 and 2022. So we do have a lot of headroom to continue to move our share north of 50% based on those design wins other ones in the pipeline. But as you know the underlying sort of core buying will fluctuate year-to-year. So if you go back to 2016 and 2017, we had some very big years of tooling for our customers around smartphone silicon. 2018 and 2019 was a bit down. We picked up new business in infrastructure to sort of offset part of that. Now, we come back, it's gangbusters. And that could persist for a while, but it's going to still be volatile, I'm sure. But riding on top of that is this little new wedge of new revenue streams in SOC based on real design wins. That gives us that ability to keep on average moving our share north. And we've talked about long-term getting to 60% share of this market is reasonable. Once you're past 60%, there'll be a little bit more difficult perhaps, but 60% is certainly within a line of sight.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. We struggled to estimate that one precisely, but again, what I – I'll just give you the context and give you my best guess of the numbers. So we said that at peak, 5G should represent about $400 million adder to SOC tests and about $100 million adder to LitePoint test. So of that SOC $400 million max envelope, this year 5G is probably somewhere in the $200-ish million range for TAM.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, in wireless, the 100 – and we've actually seen that wireless may grow to be a bit bigger than $100 million adder. It could be a $150 million adder or so. But this year, the wireless is probably in that –this is production test, not R&D test, but it's probably in that $70 million – $60 million to $70 million range for the market.
Mark Jagiela: Well, I think history is interesting in this. If you look at 2016 and 2017, actually our smartphone related business was pretty flat and consistent and hot. Those were peak years in the past, and it was 2 successive year. So I think the on/off, on/off pattern goes back to the earlier part of the decade, but I think 2016 and 2017 are equally valid thoughts and models around that. So that's one thought. It doesn't necessarily mean up and down, but at some point it's not going to be what's norm in baseline I think is a judgment, but I'd go back to that sort of trend line of the market. We expect to grow 6% to 7%. So if the SOC market this year is again, let's say, $3.3 billion, nominally, we're talking about a market that should be $3.4 billion, $3.5 billion, everything else being equal next year. So I do think we can have two sequential strong years because we've had them in the past, and there's nothing wrong with that. Plus we have these new design wins coming online that haven't matured yet. And then the thing we haven't talked about that's out there is memory. Memory is having a pretty strong year this year. And if you look into 2021, the 2021 era is going to see this large shift from DDR4 to DDR5. This year, we're at the very early innings of the LPDDR5 shift for more mobile devices, but the DDR5 shift is coming. And as we said, that obsoletes the installed base of DRAM test equipment for final test. So there's a big retooling coming there as well.
Mark Jagiela: Go a bogey, I think is – so let me just add a few more comments about where we are. So you're right. We've seen the market show sequential annual growth for quite some length of time here. This year, it's maybe going to be about flat, but it may show a 4%, 5% growth as well by the time the year is over. And that's absent any real interesting participation of automotive and industrial buying. This is heavy, heavy mobility. And it's also in the midst of a pandemic. And it's also in the midst of all the regulations coming in around China. So I'll go back and say, I would model in a 6% to 8% TAM growth rate for SOC over the mid-term, four to five years. That is what we should be tracking at.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I'm not going to break out our LPDDR5 revenue, but I will say that the increase in the market size is both flash and DRAM. It's about two thirds DRAM and one third flash compared to our estimate in January. So we are seeing upside on flash too. And much of the upside in DRAM is related to LPDDR5. So you would expect – and because our share is kind of going to be flat, you can derive a close estimate of maybe how much revenue is coming out of that for us this year. And we're working on design wins to hopefully capture more of the DRAM market. We just introduced that product in Q4 of last year and we're ramping it this year. So that's what gives us upside going into next year, we think around DDR5, and we talked in earlier calls about our sort of 40% to 45% market share that we have should – with the products we have today and the competitive position we have today, we should be able to move that into the 50% – low 50% range here in the next couple of years, if we really execute well. So that's what we're focused on in planning.
