Michael A. Bradley: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for being with us again today. The overall message today has 2 parts. First, we're moving upward in the semiconductor test cycle, in line with what we expected coming into the year. And second, we're very much on track with the new market and new product initiatives that we outlined to you at this time, last quarter. You can see that our total bookings have taken a sharp step up, increasing nearly 50% over the prior quarter. This is the net change of very strong Wireless Test demand, solid improvement in SemiTest order rate and the usual lumpiness in our Systems Test bookings. Most notable is that we've had a better start to the year at LitePoint than we did last year at this time, with orders about 2.5x the level of Q1 last year and over 4x what we saw just 1 quarter ago. SemiTest is rebounding nicely, with over 40% sequential growth in orders as improved mobility demand has been coupled with strengthening patterns in microcontroller and automotive applications. SOC test is up 35%, while Memory Test saw a 130%-plus increase over the relatively low order rate we had in Q4. I'd also add that in SemiTest, our OSAT demand doubled in Q1, while IDMs and Fabless moved up only 10% sequentially. Systems Test is on a normal, albeit, choppy pattern with much lower defense spending in the quarter compared to the very high bookings picture we reported 3 months ago. So while the trend is positive on many fronts, it doesn't have the record trajectory that we saw a year ago, where SOC test bookings were so front-end-loaded in the year. All of which led to a full year that had 2/3 of its demands in the first half and where customer new product cycles drove our shipment peaks in the Q2, Q3 period. What is noteworthy about our start to this year is a very good hit rate on the strategic new markets we're entering and new products that we're bringing forth this year. On that front, we've made very good headway at the quarter poll. First of all, as I mentioned on our last call, we set a course for 2 new market offensive this year; one in Cellular Test at LitePoint, and one in the 3.5-inch hard disk drive space in our Storage Test unit. I'm pleased to report that we've received production orders in both new markets as of the end of March and are targeting volume ramps for each during the next 2 quarters. Now I can't go into specifics on these orders for obvious reasons, but I am pleased to say that our investments in these 2 important areas are beginning to bear fruit. In our core SOC test business, we're also launching 2 new platforms, successors to our J750 and Eagle Test mainframes. These products are mainstays in the consumer, digital and performance analog test markets. And combined, represent an installed base of nearly 7,000 units on our customers' test floors, 2 of the highest volume products in the industry. We now have orders in place for both of these systems and we'll ramp their production levels throughout this year. I'll note that the new J750 and ETS family members are fully compatible with their predecessors and incorporate important features that deliver higher performance instrumentation, extremely productive parallel test economics, plus test program and time-to-market efficiencies. Mark can elaborate on these if you have questions on these new platforms. As I said at the opening, full year projections are hard to make, given the nature of our markets, combined with our short lead time capabilities. But I will say that the year in SemiTest is unfolding as expected. The SOC market revenue ran at about a $2 billion annualized rate in Q1, and we expect it to move up to a $2.4 billion run rate in Q2. Now that's consistent with our projections for $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion year in 2013, so no changes to our views on that front. The same goes for Memory Test, that looks to be $400 million to $500 million in market size for the year. We're putting slightly more capacity in place for turns business in SemiTest this quarter, as we're seeing some demand materialize with very little notice. And of course, we'll be able to ratchet that in either direction, as we enter the second half of the year. Greg will talk a bit about how we're handling the capacity plan in LitePoint which, of course, has even shorter lead times. So the full story as we enter the second quarter is: SemiTest demand is growing as expected, new products are on schedule and most importantly, our new market entries in Cellular and Hard Disk Drive Test are seeing some early positive momentum. Let me turn it over now to Greg for some further comments.
Michael A. Bradley: This is Mike. Let me maybe put this in a context of going forward. Obviously, this business has some large customers and then a large number of smaller customers. It's not possible for us to get into customer by customer progress. So with regards to what happens in this past quarter, what we wanted to make sure that our investors knew was that we had a production break-in on the cellular side. Going forward, we will likely talk about this as a total market because there is now a foothold for us in both of the markets, and we'll tend to describe what our position is and where our share is moving in that total market rather than breaking it down between connectivity and cellular test.
Michael A. Bradley: And I think it's just a little more rough than that. We're not folding in predictions. At this point, we're in the 40s in market share, we hope to keep growing that. The market's lagging last year at this time, so we notched it down. I think we talked a little bit about this last quarter. But I think there's a bit more roughness in our calculations than there is precision around what orders go down when.
Michael A. Bradley: So think that it's absolutely true that it's a slower start to the year. But I think the one factor in this particular year that's a bit unique is we believe a lot of the new mobility products, end products that drives capacity demand for testers tend to be more second half of the year than they were in the prior 2 years. And so we do think that, as we get further into the year, we will see a bump of demand related to that fact.
Michael A. Bradley: Tom, they've shifted. They've been moving up and down. But the way we're modeling it as the total market for 2.5-inch and 3.5-inch looks to us to be $200 million to $300 million in total. And that's shifted. $100 million, $200 million to $200 million $100 million. Right now we view that the 3.5-inch with the cloud build out is going to be the stronger of those 2. So as you look at the mix -- and maybe it would be, 60-40 or 70-30 in the current year. And that's what's motivated us to move more aggressively on to the 3.5-inch side.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. For very rough math, we've said if you incorporate the last couple of years with the next couple of years, we said it about doubles the served market.
Michael A. Bradley: Patrick, it's Mike , the numbers on it are that the utilization, 3 months -- over the last 3 months has moved up on a mix of products from the mid-70s into the low 80s. So that absorption from last year, all of that installed base that's been put in place is moving up. I think if you segmented that and looked at our systems, you'd see that the UltraFLEX was the product with the highest utilization in that range. So it's moving in the direction we expect it to. But as Mark said earlier, it doesn't have the kind of surge that we had as the tooling took place in the first half of last year. And of course, the obvious question is, well, will it have a back end surge, and no one knows that at this point. But I think the short-term numbers are on capacity utilization, it indicate that it's steadily moving up.
Gregory R. Beecher: The gross margin in the first quarter and the guidance is simply mix. The mix is more favorable than what our model would suggest on a normalized basis. We have very little HDD purchasing -- 0 HDD business in the first half, under $5 million. So that helps the percentage, purchase on the dollars, but helps the percentage. So with our gross margin, invariably, it can move around several points as simply based upon mix.
Gregory R. Beecher: Satya, this is Greg. As you may know, we've had a 1 box solution for some number of years. We tend to be the innovator in connectivity and we hope to do the same in wireless test for cellular. So I do think there are some new products from our competitors that were, I'd say, generations ahead, having implemented 1 box solution years ago, and are continuing to optimize and improve our solutions. So there are certainly folks chasing after our space. We think we'll maintain very good market shares we talked about in the past. So we feel good about our conductivity position.
Gregory R. Beecher: Maybe Mark will take the SemiTest and maybe I'll try to take the LitePoint. But you said the percentage of capacity...
Gregory R. Beecher: Let me do LitePoint first. The demand in the first quarter for LitePoint, for us, the growth over a year ago is 2 pieces. One is cellular, which is a market expansion for us. That's all new expansion. The other growth is 802.11ac. That's why we're up conservatively from a year ago same quarter. If those 2 things weren't there, we'll probably be about flat with the demand on the first quarter. So again, it's technological obsolescence with 802.11ac, drives new tester buys and cellular test is a new market. And I think we're early in some of the technology trends in the Wireless Test business, whether it's LTE, 802.11ac, I think we're going to see more and more testers moving to 802.11ac this year for sure. Let me pause there and see if Mark wants to add.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. That would be similar. It can, in fact, even be a little bit higher sometimes because LitePoint has more turns business but it's still in that neighborhood.
Gregory R. Beecher: Jim, this is Greg. I think you have to look at last year we had a model different than this year's model. This year's model, we need $370 million in the quarter to hit our 15%. Last year is $350 million. So we're spending about $12 million more in OpEx. Some of that goes to LitePoint, some of it goes to the core businesses. One change, year-to-year we published that model back in October, it's on our website as well. Apart from that I think it's probably mix. And I think the mix changes will be similar to what you've seen in the past.
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. Yes, that math is not accurate. I think the change from last year in bookings is 802.11ac, there's buying for that. 802.11ac was inconsequential last year on the connectivity side. We're seeing much more demand for that now and then there was cellular test. Those were the 2 pieces above last year's demand. But we don't want to get into the price of the product at this point.
Gregory R. Beecher: We don't want to do that at this time. We're fearful it could be competitive information. All we can say is it was a very meaningful break-in. We wouldn't be talking about it if it was not significant.
Gregory R. Beecher: The only thing I'd add, this is Greg speaking. We'll be very careful, if anything it's directly tie-able to a customer we just can't comment on it. It's very sensitive information. So I think what you're referring to could be directly tied to a customer, so we just can't comment.
Gregory R. Beecher: Mehdi, this is Greg. We did say in the prepared remarks that it's too early in the year to put any finer detail on that wide and rough range, $260 million to $360 million. So we have no update to that. As you'll see we're starting off quite stronger in the first quarter due to breaking of the desired test in 802.11ac. So it's a good start but there's so many questions as to what the second half of the year, how that will unfold.
Gregory R. Beecher: I wouldn't make that direct conclusion. $260 million to $360 million is the range. It's hard to say where it ends up. I think we're going to know a lot more at the end of the second quarter because a lot of buying that's going to take place is pretty much known by 3 months from now. But we're strategically, the big news is, we've broken to cellular in a meaningful way. What the numbers end up this year to us, frankly, is less important. The key is we're in a much bigger market, broke in. And if you go back not long ago, we acquired LitePoint. We had $160 million and $190 million as our targets. So the $160 million, we did $286 million. Against the $190 million target, we have a range now of $260 million to $360 million. So by any measure it's been a great, great start. Where it ends up this year, we truly don't know. There's a lot of uncertainty with the ecosystem at the moment, even though it's a very strong start.
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. I mean, that's a good question. All we can say is our goal is to continue to break into cellular over time, and we've gotten in as a second source. And the challenge for us is to show the customers that we have innovative solutions. So that requires them to change how they do their tests somewhat to fully get the benefit of what we can deliver. So for successful in doing that, then I do believe we can get good growth in Cellular Test going forward. It also helps to have a meaningful break-in in Cellular Test because once this has occurred, there's many accounts around the world that now, we have much more credibility. It's a major reference break-in. So that also helps us in cellular. So I would expect over time our position in cellular should certainly grow more than connectivity. Because connectivity we're already north of 50% market share. So our eyes are set on obviously maintaining connectivity. And we did gain some share last year, by the way. But maintaining that strong engine, we know people are chasing us aggressively, and you're going to hear a lot about that, I'm sure. But we're on offense in cellular tests. So over time, we think cellular test should have higher growth certainly than connectivity, where they intercept, hard to tell.
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. The comment I made in the prepared remarks is consistent with what we said in the past, is that the new market for us, Cellular Test, the margins are consistent with the company average. And we've also said in the past that connectivity, the margins are a little bit better than the company average. We don't see any change to those 2 statements. Both should continue.
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. I think I said that. The reason I said that was there was such a large tooling last year that what happens with any large tooling is customers optimize that tooling, over a period of time, particularly (ph) when things slowdown and some might even take out tests. So they have techniques to make the testing more productive, and that's why I made that comment. So I think there'll be lower capacity buys. I think the thing that is going to help connectivity which we saw some of it this quarter is 802.11ac, that demand, and that's technological obsolescence. They need a different tester to test 802.11ac. So again I think it's still too early. I still believe, well, that the statements are correct, that the existing testers will be -- greater productivity will be gained from them. But more of the buying is going to be 802.11ac, so it depends how fast people want that new tester for 802.11ac.
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. It's a very long designing time, and the reason is this. We're breaking into a market that has some good cellular test providers already. And the reason that we're getting a shot at it is because we've done quite long connectivity with innovative test solutions. So that's helping us get a crack at this market. But it takes a long time to get the correlation done and to get the customers willing to take some level of risk. And typically, when you start and you get the yes, they're going to start with a low-running product. So it's a process that takes a long time and often, at the outset, you have to do the test just the way the other guy does it. You can't fully use your productivity. So I think it's going to take us 1 year to 2 before we really are able to let the horses run that we have. But the key news is we needed a couple of meaningful break-ins. We have those. And now there's much more activity at a whole set of other accounts.
Gregory R. Beecher: Good question. Nothing has changed from what we talked about over numerous quarters. I did outline in my prepared remarks that, of our cash, there's $300 million-plus offshore that we can't get back without paying taxes, rather high taxes. And there's convertible debt of $190 million due early 2014. So our real available cash is $450 million. So it's not as much as you might otherwise think just looking at our balance sheet. But if you look at over a period of time, we bought back a lot of stock that we bought back between 2006 and 2008, $0.5 billion worth of stock at just over $13. More recently we bought back a smaller amount, being much more patient. So what with the stock buyback program in place, obviously, we're being very, very opportunistic. If you look at how we deploy capital, whether it's LitePoint, Eagle, Nextest, put those 3 deals together, I think you would give us -- most would give us good grades on how we deploy capital. So we're looking at other growth that could have an unfair advantage and carry then that we can grow a company faster. And if we cannot find a company that meets the very strict criteria that we have, then we're back at what do we do with capital allocation. But we don't feel that's a decision we need to make immediately, but it is on discussion with our board. Every quarter, we're talking about the topic. But I would for now, let's just say expect us to stay the course.
Mark E. Jagiela: This is Mark, I'll take that one. So the memory market certainly has picked up in the first quarter compared to the dismal levels of that in the fourth of quarter last year. But as we look out across the year, we still see probably a $400 million to $500 million tester market for memory. And the key driver for capacity as will be higher-speed NAND devices. It really obsoletes the installed base. So if there's any upside, it might be the rate which high-speed NAND devices come online that could propel a higher obsolescence. But in general, we're looking $400 million to $500 million.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, this is Mark again. The good news in Q1 with LitePoint was that both on a connectivity side, we saw orders that were strong, in fact, stronger than they were a quarter -- the same quarter of last year. And then on top of that, the break in for Cellular was significant and it was significant to the tune of multiple thousands of units of production capacity. And we absolutely, having just tapped into this $700 million to $900 million market, have other designings in flight for the rest of the year. I'm not going to be specific around any customers, but this is a great validation on the product and we're going to keep pushing forward, as we move forward...
Mark E. Jagiela: So just on SemiTest, the start to this year the market for SemiTest in the first quarter is roughly $500 million, which is a $2 billion market run rate. But we still believe at the end of the year, the market will be somewhere between $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion. And we've layered into our capacity plan the ability to surge 30% to 40% of our nominal plan to account for an unforeseen spike in demand. And we expect that to comp, we can't time it. That's why we model that into our capacity side. And that capacity is usually positioned 4 to 12 weeks, over a 4 to 12-week span in our future. So we don't try to call the term but whenever it comes, we can search about 30% to 40% north from where we are running at any given point in time.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, Jim, this is Mark. I'm not exactly sure what you're asking but on the LitePoint business, we see connectivity in the $200 million to $300 million range annually. And at the same time, we see cellular, $700 million to $900 million. So that is unlikely to shift dramatically.
Mark E. Jagiela: We've always had a strong north of 50% share in connectivity and I think we see that continuing in the future. And then on cellular, we just cracked that market so it's a little premature there to say what we think next year would look like but we've got to play out this year to see how far we can move forward and then we'll probably be in a better position to talk about it.
Mark E. Jagiela: So just roughly, when we talk about mobile market share, we think about all the variety of silicon in a mobile device, so that's applications processors, it's power management, it's image sensors, it's memory, it's all of that. And roughly, our share now is about 45% of those devices. And exiting the year, we plan to increase that somewhere in the 2 to 4 points.
Mark E. Jagiela: On the applications processors, specifically, that's -- it's a swag but it's probably 45% to 50% in that range. It's probably closer to 50% on applications processors.
Mark E. Jagiela: Sure. So we talked a little bit earlier about mobility. That's certainly a big part of the order increase in Q1. However, not as strong an increase as we saw a year ago in Q1. But the one area, in addition to that, that's running quite strong right now, and in fact, stronger than it's run for more than 1 year is microcontrollers. The microcontroller market is on the rebound and our J750 product line where we've just introduced our next-generation product there, serves that market. We have a very strong share and that's going to be -- it looks like, throughout the year, a strong market. That's being driven by a couple of things. The traditional microcontrollers segments like automotive are also hot. But there's a lot more wireless going into microcontrollers, whether that's Wi-Fi embedded, Zigbee or NFC, Near Field Communications. And that's also, these mobility applications as they move from high-end smartphones to more pedestrian consumer products is helping us on the microcontroller side.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. The J750 HD and the ETS-800, both of those products serve markets where we have a pretty high market share, somewhere in the 60% to 70% range. So certainly, they're designed to give our current customer base the next level of performance, time-to-market advantage. But we've been moving market share in that space as well over the years, and we do see that the combination of some competitive inroads and customers that traditionally have used in-house equipment to test some of these parts are more and more moving to commercial equipment. And that's actually a place where we're picking up a lot of incremental business. And so, these 2 products play both -- play very well into those spaces.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. Typically the way the customer benefits from cost reductions in the new products is increased parallel tests. So from generation to generation, we typically enable doubling the parallelism from the prior generation product. That's true for both J750 HD and for the ETS-800. So now that whole 2x benefit doesn't necessarily mean it sells at the same ASP. So the productivity gains for the customer kind of, 1/2 of the gains go to the customer and 1/2 of it for the results and a higher price tester -- higher cost of tester.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. I think the OSAT trend that we've seen emerge over the past decade really is going to continue to be relentless. And the good news for us in that space is we have a suite of products to offer those customers. The J750 that I just mentioned is a very strong pervasive product, over 4,000 of them deployed worldwide. And the OSATs utilize those not just for microcontrollers, but in the MDM OSAT world, a lot of it is just logic wafer test. It's very well-suited for that. And then as more of these complex -- a lot of the fabless companies that utilize OSATs are actually making some of the leading-edge silicone products in the world. And they're not only very complex devices, they're moving into these 2.5-D to 3D-IC implementations as well. So the OSATs need a test platform that's very versatile in its implementation, can concurrently test our device, it has embedded in it a PMIC, Power Management IC, an apps processor, an RF transceiver. All of these things are how we've been architecting our UltraFLEX product line for years now. So we're very encouraged by the trend. Because we think the flexibility and the time-to-market advantages in the UltraFLEX are very attractive feature for the OSATs.
Mark E. Jagiela: So I think that's a trend that's been happening for some time. The difference is that the front-end and the foundries are much more technology-driven, in terms of utilizing testers not just for capacity but also as process control. And so they value performance, they value -- and maybe even more so, sometimes in the OSATs. And foundries have a stronger preference when it comes to selecting this capital, in that it has to both serve a capacity need and a technology need. And so I think, if anything, the trend toward foundries is a benefit in that the value proposition of validating process, ensuring known good die for these multi-die assemblies is a much more valuable thing for a foundry that's trying to encourage more customers to technologically outsource. So I think it's potentially a net positive compared to the concentration argument that says, "Boy, that's going to be a tough road to haul."
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. A lot of the existing capacity, at least the capacity that's been put in place in the past couple of years will be directly applicable to 20-nanometer. Most of the buying will be incremental capacity driven, not obsolescence.
Mark E. Jagiela: Jagadish, the $1 billion is a combination of the growth in the hard disk drive, which is a smaller piece, and the cellular test for LitePoint. And I think the guidance we can give you here has really been discussed already and that's been around our LitePoint expectations, which are up from originally $350 million over the first 2 years, $350 million in revenues, up into the $550 million to $650 million in total. So that's the best we can do at this point in terms of guidance, as we move out of this year I think we'll have a better picture of what the trajectory we expect, and that will be tied to how much penetration we can get into the cellular space. That will be the biggest piece of the equation. But at this point, it's hard to know that.
