Greg Smith: Thanks, Mark, and good morning, everyone. Teradyne's second quarter sales and profits were above the midpoint of our guidance in revenue and profit with sales of $841 million and $1.21 in non-GAAP earnings per share. From a market perspective, we're seeing mixed signals. While the pressure to improve lead times in some test markets is as strong as ever, and we continue to work through supply issues, we have seen some softening in mobility demand, our largest test market. Also, it now looks like IA growth in the second half will be similar to first half growth. In today's call, we'll try to provide some context on how we're navigating this complex environment. Diving into the details of the second quarter, semiconductor test revenues were in line with our plan as were profits. The automotive and industrial end markets served by our Eagle platform were notably strong in the quarter. In memory, flash final test and DRAM wafer sort was the strongest markets. From a strategic perspective, Semi Test had a strong quarter of competitive design wins for both R&D applications and for devices that we expect to ramp in volume production over the next year or so. The design wins were in a wide range of end markets. There were Ultra Flex family design wins in mobility, where the systems architecture supports higher throughput for large complex devices especially when time to market is an important factor. Eagle Test had a significant design win in a battery management application where the system's highly accurate voltage measurement capability enables customers to get to market faster with better device specifications, delivering higher value. In Systems test, sales were on plan in the quarter with solid year-on-year growth for storage test and production board test. At LitePoint, strong wireless test demand for Wi-Fi 6C, Wi-Fi 7 R&D and ultra wideband test products drove double-digit year-on-year growth. Notably, we're seeing strong interest in Wi-Fi 7 development test where we are qualified at all major chipset vendors and to date, we have won 20 of 21 design-in opportunities with end product design teams. This sets us up to expand our already high share of Wi-Fi production test as these products ramp. In Industrial Automation, revenues grew 10% from last year's Q2 and 19% for the first half. This lower than planned growth in the first half is attributed to two primary factors and warrants a few comments. The first factor was foreign exchange. The majority of IA revenue is linked to the euro. For example, within Europe, at UR, we saw a robust 34% unit growth in the first half of 2022 but the decline of the euro with respect to the dollar has muted UR revenue growth in that region to 20%. The dollars appreciation was a revenue headwind in the first half and Sanjay will comment further on the full year foreign exchange outlook. The second factor is lower regional demand that can be traced to a variety of region-specific causes, including COVID lockdowns in China and distribution partner staff shortages in North America where end demand remains quite strong. Staff shortages for integration partners is an ongoing challenge. In the past, we've noted that our distribution partners struggle to grow staff at the same rate as IA demand growth. Our strategy to overcome this is to use software technology and plug-and-play applications from UR+ and MiRGo partners to shorten the deployment time to make these critical staff more productive. But an equally important part of the strategy is to build a robust OEM channel. For example, at Universal Robots, our OEM channel, which includes verticals like welding, power grid maintenance and order fulfillment is doing very well, growing 39% in the first half of 2022. The OEM channel is an important complement to our distributor-based channel because these OEM partners deliver a mostly complete solution to their customers that can be put in operation almost immediately. In many cases, these OEMs have an existing distribution network that can reach customers beyond our traditional channel. These partners can scale much more efficiently than distributors that add staff in proportion to revenue growth for customer support. We are actively adding new OEM partners to serve these and new market verticals. Now I'll hand it back to Mark more on the market, the second half outlook and the demand drivers for next year.
Greg Smith: Hi, this is Greg. Let me try and take that. So we believe that the fundamentals are still very strong in the IA market. The effects of China lockdowns and staff shortages should both eased to some extent through the rest of the year. We believe that the FX headwind is going to be consistent through the rest of this year. We don't see a significant appreciation of the euro. So that translation into dollars is going to continue to take a couple of points off the top in terms of our growth for revenue that's denominated in euros. To your second question, our OEM channel right now, it represents about 16% of overall UR revenue lower for the entirety of the Industrial Automation Group. And it's growing -- for the first half, it grew at 39% and we expect to be able to maintain that kind of a growth rate.
Greg Smith: So our pricing in the OEM channel is a little bit favorable to pricing through our normal distribution channel. So we don't expect to see any negative impact to profitability as that channel grows.
Greg Smith: So -- hi, this is Greg. The -- in terms of supply issues, we are definitely hearing from our partners that they are having trouble procuring some elements of the solutions that they're building. And I think that's part of the headwind that we're seeing in North America that there's staff constraints, and there's also a large number of partially complete projects that they need to get off of their books. So we expect as those supply constraints start to ease, that will come off as a constraint. And we think that, that will probably happen towards the latter part of this year. In terms of growth projections for 2023, it's very early, but we don't see any reason to really deviate from the 30% to 45% range that we've been talking about in terms of IA growth long-term, because the end market fundamentals are very, very strong. We have very low market penetration and labor scarcity is still a big factor in all of the markets where we play.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. Roughly speaking, those are about right. And I think, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, maybe we probably reduced our second half revenue targets somewhere between $300 million to $350 million. About one-third of that is known customer weakening where the demand has been communicated to us to have soften. Two-thirds of it is just a projection of more to come of that vein based on conversations that are just beginning with customers. So there's not a clear -- and all of this is mostly related to test. So there's not sort of a clear identified two-thirds of that decline portion, but it's just the experience we've seen in prior cycles and the test industry suggest that there's more to come. If you go back to 2013, for example, when the market went through a significant 30% year-over-year correction, this was the beginning of that kind of trend. Now here, we're talking about a market correcting about 9% off of the peak of last year. So a much more modest correction -- but that's -- this is kind of how the market turns and we're using history to guide us in how we're projecting these yet to be identified digestion phases.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. I think our exposure to Android smartphones is a little bit higher this year than it's been in past years. We've picked up a little bit of market share in that segment. Obviously, that segment is down significantly this year in unit volume. So that's having the -- that's principally the reason for the declines we're forecasting here in the second half. Now when we look at 2023, it's hard to tell what's going to happen with the Android phones, part of what's happened in 2022 in terms of the declines related to China -- and part of this is predicting how China will rebound in 2023 as consumer demand hopefully recovers. But we don't have a strong forecast for the Android sub-segment of smartphones yet for 2023. So I can't really give you a lot of color on that.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. I think -- so there's two pieces of Semi Test Memory and SOC Memory, it's going to be 40-ish percent market share, consistent with last year. On SOC, it really depends on what happens on the compute side in terms of how much decline happens in the market on compute, which is more of our competitors, strong soup. So we've baked in a significant decline in mobility. We believe a decline in compute is imminent -- but that's something that I think over the next few weeks, as we hear from our competitor, we'll know more about. All that being said, I think our statistical share is in the upper -- mid- to upper 30% range in SOC Test this year. But that's based on, again, strong compute market, weak mobility market versus customer switching suppliers and that moves around quite a bit year-to-year.
Mark Jagiela: No, not really. Most of the weakness we're baking in, again, in the fourth quarter that we've yet to really get confirmation on is in more in mobility and compute and infrastructure. But we think industrial and auto will remain strong through the end of the year.
Mark Jagiela: Thank you. Yeah. So on the heterogeneous computing and the effects in 2023, I think that's all positive for us. 3-nanometer is coming as planned. We don't see any changes or delays in anything associated with that. The trends toward chiplets, multichip packages and the associated test intensity increase around known good dye, more pins to test in a chiplet design than there would be in a monolithic design. All are tailwinds for test. Now those have been occurring in the market and we'll continue to phase in over the next several years as that method of, let's say, package assembly gains more and more prevalence. So that is another one of the tailwinds that gives us confidence in the midterm earning model that we produced earlier in the year. So no change to our beliefs around 2023 at this point. And in terms of pushouts versus cancellations versus anything else, we're not seeing any cancellations. But what we have seen is that there's been a few pushouts, but more significantly, we do hold some capacity in place for some of our key customers on a basically 12 to 16-week delivery window basis that were unbooked and it's the demand for those unordered testers principally that disappeared.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, no changes on that front. Our largest customer has fared pretty well this year despite overall unit declines in smartphones. And so it's a bright spot, if anything else that that segment of the smartphone market is robust. And we expect -- and every -- there's nothing we've heard that would change our view of 2023.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I would suggest it starts in third quarter because you're right, the first half market declines were pretty isolated to one customer having that big of an impact on the overall view of the market. What we're into now is something more classical, I think. It's certainly -- and part of this, again, I'll caution is a projection on our part. We've seen it now in the smartphone side but we believe and sense that it's coming in a broader set of markets like compute and infrastructure. And there's inventory overhangs as well out there that typically in phases like this go through a digestion phase and working down inventory levels take that sort of six to 12-month period. And we think that as we head into lower economic growth periods and a little bit more inventory in the channel than historically has been there -- that people are going to tighten down a bit and it's going to slow demand for repeat orders for devices in those categories. So yes, starts in Q3, six to 12-months, I think, is a safe bet, and we'll see how it plays out.
Mark Jagiela: No, I think -- look, I think if you look at the history of the market, that 2024 framework, our earnings model and projection is intact and in play, and I wouldn't characterize it as low end either. When you look at how much the markets move up and down year-to-year historically, we could easily see a snapback of 20%, 30% growth in a subsequent year. So I wouldn't call 2024 in any way based on what we're seeing right now.
Mark Jagiela: And then on the question of where in the compute market are we anticipating or getting some early signals of weakness. Certainly, right now, the immediate corrections are occurring related to consumer laptops, a little bit of enterprise PC area. We're not seeing at the moment the correction in cloud infrastructure or service. However, there are I would say, discussions going on in those areas that suggest that that's probably coming. And so part of what we've assumed in our both market projections and Q4 revenue projections are some declines starting in Q4 in those segments, modest relative to mobility, however.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. So good question. I would roughly say that in the smartphone world, tester capacity precedes unit production by about three months. So what we're seeing in the decline in our third quarter for tester capacity demand reflects a unit production reduction of smartphones in the fourth quarter primarily. So if we're thinking about next year, then we would -- we should start to see tester demand pick back up three months prior to major phone launches or a return to growth in the China market, for example, that's sort of the model.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. I think in memory, it's a little different -- and we don't expect to see much of a correction because there's some tester obsolescence occurring in the new DDR5 and LPDDR5 interfaces that are growing in share in the DRAM world, require brand-new testers. And all the fab capacity that's been put in place in 2022 to produce that class of device that should start growing in the server world and in the phone world in 2023 will need to be facilitated with testers in the second half of this year going into next year. So I think there's a bit of a lag between the CapEx investment on the front end and the tester investment on the back end. And we think at least through the early part of 2023, despite what we're hearing in memory from the suppliers in terms of bit growth and everything else that these obsolescence -- technological obsolescence events will have to be solved with additional tester capacity because of the old tester just can't be reused.
Mark Jagiela: You're right, it is at odds. It doesn't correlate well. It suggest that there would be some underutilized -- either underutilized fab capacity for a period of time or there will be wafer die banking going on. In other words, the fabs will keep running, but the devices themselves may sit untested, undiced, unpackaged for some period of time. So I think that is likely to be the case for a little bit of a period of time coming in the next six to 9 months. But usually, historically, that washes itself out at the back end of the six to 12-month correction. But that's kind of what I would expect.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, it absolutely does. This year, we expected -- if you go back to the fourth quarter of last year, the DDR5 would be a bigger part of the market in our business in 2022. With the delay of Sapphire Rapids and such into 2023, a lot of that tooling pushed out. However, the market kind of held up because what filled in behind that was pretty robust investment for some new suppliers in China. All year long, they've been very aggressively ramping capacity. And so it turns out, despite the delay in DDR5, 2022 is a pretty good year for Memory. So when we look into 2023, there could be a little bit more of an incremental delay. I think everybody is hearing about maybe Sapphire Rapids is going to get split out another few months or so. But it's coming. We're getting close to escape velocity, I think. So -- and we're seeing the orders, we're seeing the orders for capacity for that coming in now. So that's what gives us some pretty -- a little bit more confidence on the Memory side than we're seeing on the SOC side.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, I don't think the margin between auto and mobile is that significant for us, frankly. I wouldn't say that there's a mix shift going on there that it's going to be a headwind or a tailwind. They're pretty blended close to each other. As to when we would expect mobile to return, that's -- we know at least from the pattern from our largest customer that that's a Q2, 3Q phenomena. And we see no change to that timing just based on their product introduction cycles. So for Teradyne's point of view, we would expect the big changes to occur in those two periods. There should be a little bit of pickup in Q1, a modest pickup, I would say, related to some other manufacturers, phone introductions, but 2Q, 3Q is the big quarter.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, China is -- and it's not just China, but I would say that the fab investments generally speaking are continuing unabated. Going back to that utilization question, you could make the argument that the 3-nanometer investments that have been made going back now over a year are hugely underutilized because no revenue is yet to be produced off of that. So the tooling -- the advanced time to tool and tune the recipe for 3-nanometer has become an unprecedentedly long cycle. And so all of that fab capacity is, “underutilized” until next year revenue starts flowing' specifically back to China. There's a disconnect between test, lead times and thinking and fab times. Fabs tend to get put in a whole slug of capacity with all of the front-end equipment installed quarters before production starts. Test tends to be added as a spot market ad. So once the fab starts running, the initial capacity gets facilitated in test in a quarter, devices ramp up an output of the fab ramps up in subsequent quarters and incrementally test ramps up as well. So test is a much smoother deployment than a fab. And then the last thing, of course, going on in China, I think, is just the national priority around independence and access to technology has focused mainly on fab technology and therefore, it's the most, I would say, viewed as threatening and enabling at the same time. And therefore, there's been a more, I'd say, resilient maybe counter economical push to invest in fab capacity there. Our business in China is very strong. We have one major headwind, which is the largest single consumer of test equipment in China, Huawei is somebody we cannot serve. But outside of that, we have a very strong business and a very decent growth that we're seeing there.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. Good, Mehdi. You're right. Monotonic growth since 2015 has been true. And even with the $4.4 billion current midpoint view of the market in 2022, the trend line growth off of 2015 is still a 10% CAGR. And we said all along, we run the business and expect volatility and manage the business to the trend line. And the 10% CAGR is in line with our midterm earnings model, too. So it's hard after so many years of monotonic sequential growth maybe to absorb that. But I think most of all of us have been around long enough to know that's part of history and not strange, so the snapback or not in 2023. One thing I might want to just rewind a bit and preface my remarks on is that our tester market and our tester business, demand is very sensitive to the growth rate of our customers. So, for example, if a customer of ours is growing units at 4% and a year and creates a certain tester demand for us. If their growth rate nominally increases from 4% to 5%, small, small impact on their business, for Teradyne, that can be a 20%, 25% acceleration of demand for us because we -- our demand is driven off the first derivative, let's say, of customer growth. And so obviously, we're very sensitive to what the macroeconomic conditions are going to be in 2023 around the growth rate of our customers. The technological issue around our largest customer in the smartphone market and the move to 3-nanometer, I think that's kind of baked in and is going to happen. Macro economically, what's going to be going on in the world and the inventory digestion or not that may be lagging from Q4 into early Q1, it's hard to tell right now. We're kind of reading tea leaves based on what we've seen happen, which I said is maybe about $100 million of demand drop out to what we're anticipating will happen. So I really wouldn't want to get too far out on the limb or forecast in 2023, but those are the factors at play.
Sanjay Mehta: It's Sanjay. So just a couple of comments on our business model as it relates to cost structure. So as you know, the majority of our test portfolio has contract manufacturing. So it really provides great scalability up and down with our outsourced partners fixed assets. So that helps on the margin line. But then from an operating expense perspective, we have a key portion of our wages in a flexible or variable compensation plan that is that as revenue and profit goes up, that is passed along part of it to the employees. But as it goes down, which is one of -- it's about half of the driver of the growth reduction from a midpoint of 12% expected this year to a midpoint of 5%, as I noted in my prepared remarks, about half of that growth reduction is driven by the variable compensation. So we believe as time moves on and let's say, the market goes lower, we'll have the ability to reduce our operating expenses on a variable basis while keeping our workforce intact and investing for the long-term. And, obviously, as the market rebounds or increases, our revenue goes up, then that will increase our operating expenses on a variable basis.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure, C.J. So yeah, so I think when you think of the product mix, there is some mix degradation within Semi Test, but also as there's less wireless test, which is higher than the corporate average and less than expected IA, which is higher than the corporate average. So you are seeing mix. But a couple of other drivers that I noted in my prepared remarks. And that is we've spent a lot of effort and money on making our supply chain resilient through component qualification through multi-country manufacturing, et cetera. A lot of those costs are going to be incurred in 2022 and the second half of 2022. So we have those that significantly curtail, there will be some in 2023, but that will curtail the majority of them in 2022. So think of those as transitory. And then we're also seeing a little bit of wage inflation for both ourselves and our partners.
Sanjay Mehta: I'll take the TAM side of it. So where we're seeing in our estimates really tied to our $4.4 million -- sorry, $4.4 billion midpoint, we're seeing about $300 million, our estimate is a $300 million decline in compute, $400 million decline in mobility and an increase in auto of about $100 million. So that's really, Brian, where we're seeing it.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah. So Mehdi, this year, we had an anticipated plan. And obviously, as Mark said, we manage the business on a trend line, and we believe the fundamentals that we laid out in our January call and the earnings model are still intact in Test and IA. With that backdrop, we did have a plan to increase OpEx 11% to 13%. And as I noted, we curtailed that, we believe in delaying some expenditures that aren't going to impact our long-term competitiveness. We haven't gone through the detailed planning in 2023. Of course, we'll provide that update in January. But my expectation is that we're going to keep the focus on what's going to help us be successful in the long-term. And we're going to -- for example, we're going to keep on investing in industrial automation to secure the market going forward. We believe that that market is still sub-5% penetrated very good positions in our portfolio companies that go to market in that fashion. So my expectation is we're going to still operate at the 5% to 15% there and still keep our foot on the gas to grow to help drive that top line and capture more business. And in the Test portfolio, we're going to continue to ensure we have a very strong road map and a good go-to-market the exact numbers I don't have right now, but the fundamentals of our business are the same. We're going through -- we're predicting to go through a little bit of a weaker second half than we anticipated. But at some point, this will snap back, which quarter that occurs. But we're going to keep our investment thesis intact.
