Mark Jagiela: Yes. So just to refresh on the 5G TAM, we've been talking about a $400 million adder to the market. And we're roughly 200, 250 into that $400 million adder and we expect that will peak out in the 2023/2024 timeframe as the -- in that timeframe, we would expect most greater than 50% of cell phones would have Millimeter Wave capability built-in. And that would run at that $400 million level for three or four years. So that -- that's sort of a baseline. Where we are this year was, just on the 5G content of cell phones, it's probably about $50 million higher than we expected this year, so certainly, more than we expected, but not dramatically more. So instead of the market being at what we might have thought a $200 million market it may be closer to $250 million. Now, the other point you make about, without speaking to any specific customer situation, the market in terms of test equipment for 5G is facilitated to support about 300 million -- maybe 250 million units of 5G capability. And so it's still a small fraction of what will happen over the next few years. So now, Teradyne's concentration is a different matter. But I do think, for the market that remains out there, the other 1.25 billion phones that are going to move to 5G over the next few years, you can assume that our market share in that space is roughly 50%. So we're pretty concentrated in what happened this year, but we have a very good position in what's happening over the next few.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. And it probably sounds like a cop-out, but, no, I don't. All the markets that in test showed growth this year have their own story. And the one thing I would maybe cite that I said in the script that's a bit of a wildcard is the storage test piece where we had a phenomenal year doub -- more than doubling of sales there. If again, if we listen to what customers are telling us, we think that still has room to run, but it's a thin market in terms of the customer base. And that one's a bit more of a wildcard than the others. But I don't see any other one-off issue with what we've seen in 2020 that would sort of say, boy, that's going to be tough to beat next year.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think in that scenario that you cite, it would hard -- it would be hard to imagine if the market TAM wouldn't grow. And so, but there's so many variables. We've proven to ourselves and to you that we're not even that good at predicting the current quarter or the next one out. And so we're a little more gun shy about speculation I could say. But the issues that you cite around the suppressed unit demand for automotive, cell phones, both are significantly down in units this year, yet test is still jumping out of the gym. So a recovery next year in those two unit volume areas should bode well. But COVID is still out there, the economic situation of the world is unknown. So we're just -- we're not going to go too far out on a limb here and try to speculate.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. It's a good question because the whole market share year-to-year is very volatile so how do you make any sense out of it. Just to give you an example, Teradyne's market share last year in SOC was probably around 40%, this year it's going to be somewhere in the mid-50s. So what's real? So here's how I would characterize it. Last year's 40% wasn't real, it's probably -- it was probably in terms of real market share closer to the mid-40s. We have -- in this year it'll probably be in, like I said, the mid-50s. But what we have done is pick up real non-customer buying patterns share year-over-year due to designs we had last year and that's to the tune of, let's say, five or six points of real market share. So off that base of 45 last year, this year we're probably really normalized running at -- in the low 50 -- 50 to low 50s is the market share position I'd say we're at today. And there's been a lot going on that influences that. Some buyers of equipment have exited the market like Huawei that causes some systemic shift in share. And in Teradyne's case, we certainly was a huge customer of Teradyne's, but we were -- it was a bit below our average share point. And as that silicon supplier redistributes, that helps us. The UltraFLEXplus has designed into some new segments that we've really not participated in for the past decade, that's real new share. It's also designed into some other segments that are new to us. So under the covers of what looks like mathematically a 40 to 55, let's say, point share gain in 2020, what's really I would say happen as we've gone from mid 40s to 50 to low 50s based on that. In memory, now memory is a market where we see the TAM growing significantly this year, it's gone up $300 million from $600 million to $900 million, about $200 million of that's in DRAM and about $100 million is in flash. And fortunately, we were successful in entering that DRAM segment last year with our new Magnum EPIC. And so we've been able to grow as that DRAM segment has grown this year. And that brings us to -- I'd say our true market share and our reported market share are going to really be close in memory in the low 40s. And what we've said is that given our footprint now with our products and customer base, we legitimately see a way to get that to that 50% level over the next few years. So maybe that's a longwinded answer. But those are the two touch points I can give you.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. Good question. So just put a little bit in perspective. So the TAM, or the test market for mobility, if you go back to, let's say, 2017, 2016 timeframe was roughly a billion dollars of test equipment for mobility. This year, we estimate it will be close to 1.6 billion and that's one data point. And that's in light of lower unit volumes. Another data point I'll give you is that if you look at a 4G phone and add up all the silicon in a typical 4G phone from a few years ago, and say, how -- how much time does it take to test all that silicon? And then you take, let's say, a high-end 5G phone today that are just coming on the market and ask the question, how long does it take to test all of that silicon and all I'm talking about now is the RF content in the apps processor. I'm not talking about the cameras and the power management and all that other stuff. It's up about 60% on a per unit phone basis, and we're just getting into 5G content phones. So you can see that there should be as long as the units stay reasonable on cell phones and 5G keeps rolling out a lot of tailwinds around continued growth of the mobility TAM.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So just on the shift. First of all, I'm not going to use -- as I mentioned earlier, 55 as our normalized share right now, I'd say it's somewhere around 50 plus or minus. So how do we get 10 more points, this is probably the right way to think about it. And there's a clear path there in my mind. So one piece of it is, as you cited, when automotive and linear comes back that's a place where we have higher than normal market share and that will be a bit of inflator to our share. The UltraFLEXplus though is a key component of the strategy. We've already secured some segments that we've not participated in in a long time; they're just beginning to ramp this year. So that platform designing into those segments alone should bring us halfway at least to that 60 or to extra 10 points you need to get there. So if analog brings us a couple of points and the UltraFLEXplus brings us maybe another five, now we're talking -- we're up in that sort of seven-ish range. And then the last piece that I alluded to in my script is there's this and this is another UltraFLEXplus story, I think. But edge AI devices are growing, our position there is encouraging. And I see that that segment has it establishes itself, if we can get that early design wins to kind of ramp with that growth of devices at the 60% share kind of level that can pull us the rest of the way. But we're talking -- by the way, we're talking maybe this is five years, six year journey, it's not something that's around the corner.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So on HDD and SLT, so roughly the way to think about it is, today the revenue split there is almost 50-50, it fluctuates, but roughly 50-50. Going forward, there's a lot -- there's actually upside on both sides of this. So on the HDD side, what really has been driving that business historically has been exabyte growth rates. But the -- this is a similar story to test intensity. These 18 plus giga -- terabyte plus drives that are being produced and the roadmaps that we have, have rather sophisticated electronics to allow for high density, error-free read-write operations that require more test intensity. So we're getting a multiplicative effect on the HDD side a bit on top of exabyte growth. So we are optimistic that that leg of the stool in storage test can continue to grow. SLT is a little more of our hardest to --
Mark Jagiela: And so the -- on the other side of it, the SLT side, chiplets and things like that, certainly, that complexity presents an opportunity for more system level tests, testing the module, so to speak, before they go into a higher value-added sub-assembly is going to be a premium. So that's good theory. And we're in various trials around various customers to see if economically it makes sense to -- for those class apart add a test insertion. It's made sense for some mobility parts, but remember those are billions of units a year. So the question really that we didn't -- we haven't gone out on a limb yet and really answered for ourselves is how far down the unit volume equation can SLT go to make sense. So that one I'd say it's still a bit of a wildcard.
Mark Jagiela: Well, compute is an area that Teradyne really hasn't participated in since the '90s. The UltraFLEXplus was specifically designed to give us that opportunity to break back into that segment. And again, roughly just to give you numbers, you can think of compute as somewhere in that $600 million a year TAM in the total market right now. I expect that's going to grow because the diversity of suppliers of compute devices is growing. There's a bit of a disaggregation of the supply chain for compute devices. So the UltraFLEXplus is targeted there. It's had some success already in that mission and we expect that will continue. So I do think it's a rich area for us, but to put it in perspective, it's a market that's about maybe around $600 million on average now could grow to $800 million in the next year or two.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So on memory, you're right. Absolutely, it's been cyclical for the past two years. There are good compelling arguments that it could be pretty less volatile and more sustained high-level investments over the next few. Certainly our memory team believes that. And because of LPDDR5 and DDR5 transitions that are eminent, that's going to compel a lot of investment on the DRAM side. So I just don't see the downside in memory nearly as typical as we've seen in the past decade. I think the DRAM story alone is going to keep the memory market pretty healthy. So then the question is flash. And flash is a tougher one to read. The only thing I'd say that's encouraging is this relentless innovation around the interface speeds of flash drives a lot of tester demand and drives obsolescence of the fleet and the roadmaps there are pretty robust. These cell phones and the camera systems in the cell phones just generate an incredible amount of data that needs to be quickly moved in and out of flash. So I'm kind of optimistic that memory in the next four years won't be as volatile as it's been, let's say, in the last four or five.
Mark Jagiela: So we have decent visibility into the utilization of those testers, but the high-level picture I give you is, let's say there's 100 testers out there for Huawei that we're testing a billion parts a year. As Huawei ends up unable to supply those billion parts the first -- the jerk reaction is, oh, that's 100 idle testers, they got to go somewhere. But the fact of the matter is that somebody else has to supply those billion parts because the end user demand isn't changing that much because of this. So -- and typically by the way those suppliers at the moment are outside of China suppliers that are filling in that billion unit gap to do this analogy. So that we -- and then those testers that are idle, just sort of shift from testing parts that had the high silicon Huawei brand stamp on them to testing parts that have these other suppliers' brands on them, but they're very similar in nature. So the upgrades to facilitate that shift of the fleet over to those new sources of supply started in earnest in Q3. And so despite the fact that there's already repurposing happening at a pretty good clip of those testers, we're putting up the numbers we put up and we're guiding the numbers we're guiding, and we expect that will continue in Q4. When will that entire fleet get repurposed is kind of the last ending question in that, and that's hard to tell. We may end up not seeing that fully flushed out until somewhere in the second quarter of next year.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. Thank you for asking that because Greg is a very proven exceptional leader who has since driven our semiconductor test business here for the past five years. And it's a significant testament to both what we as a company and Greg personally believes the opportunities are in IA for future growth. And Greg's mission really is in looking at the portfolio we have is to look for areas where we can get leverage, enhance our M&A strategy, look for common investments that will give us both in software and hardware further differentiation and sort of bring more the resources that company to bear on those businesses. Most of them are now through their earn-out phase which gave us a little bit of -- there were little bit of handcuffs on there of how we could think about operating those businesses. But now that that's behind us, we have a lot more degrees of freedom and Greg is going to be a great resource to figure that out for us.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. I'll give you the -- sort of the rough numbers. So there's a compute segment that is CPUs and FPGAs, and AI and all that good stuff. That's roughly 600 million that we just spoke about. And it's actually a little bit hot too. I'd say its running. It's another growth segment for some of the reasons I talked about earlier. There's automotive and linear and microcontrollers that this year again, these are rough estimates, but it's roughly around a $200 million to $250 million market. That's less than half of its normal run rate. Now, a normal run rate for that business would be 500-ish million. So that one is certainly and it's down from last year as well. So it's trending down and it's half. And then the last one we track is industrial. Industrial is somewhere like around 300 and it's also down from a normal run rate that might be closer to -- it's not as volatile, but it's probably up in the high 3s to 400 million.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So at the highest, highest level it's just that the market -- the supply side of the semiconductor market has shifted more favorably to our customers. But underneath that, why is that? Well, one thing we didn't see happening when the year started was that further regulations would come in to place on Huawei and drive them out of the market for silicon and test. And since that occurred, what happened as I described a bit earlier was, other suppliers have had to step in and fill the void and were better positioned at those other suppliers. So that is an upside. Our customers, our traditional customers, independent of that particular situation are also buying more than we had forecast. So that is absolutely another piece of the upside. I'd say those are the two most significant ones. And then the third one, which isn't an SOC thing, but I think is a total company thing, is on the memory side, the fact that the market has been so high and that our LPDDR5 ramp has been probably better than we expected, has helped on that side as well.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Hi, it's Sanjay. So just, obviously, we've seen growth quarter-over-quarter and a little bit more color. In UR we grew, in IA 23%, and actually was one of the reasons why we exceeded our guidance this quarter. What we've seen as manufacturing kind of comes back online, we've seen the U.S., Europe and China bode strength. And really it's a function of both growth in the quarter and a couple of those markets we're actually seeing year-over-year growth. And so -- and then also from an AG perspective that continues to grow.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. Hi, it's Sanjay. So one question there, but maybe I'll give you a little bit of color. Recall in 2019, our IA a business had an operating profit of about 10%. We entered the year in 2020 a big investment year, but we expected to be around that same operating profit. COVID hit a lot of the go-to-market OpEx; we reduced obviously, because it was run rated towards the higher revenue levels. And in the first half of the year, we lost money. In Q3, we were slightly profitable and as we've said in Q -- or in Q4, we expect revenues to continue to increase and to grow that profit level. We haven't concluded on our 2021 plan, but my expectation assuming that revenue continues, we're going to then obviously increase some of the go-to-market, obviously, with travel, Trade Shows, et cetera. But the engineering investment has not really wavered from that standpoint. And so we expect to continue to heavily invest in industrial automation. So over the next several years, you would expect that our profitability wouldn't be at kind of a company average because it's still in investment mode as we grow. And then what we said over the horizon is that or -- sorry, over the mid-term, is that we expect the revenues to grow between 20% to 35%.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Hi, Mehdi. It's Sanjay. I'll take the first one. So from a services perspective, yes, in the quarter we did see some drop in our surprise [ph] demand and really some of it was tied to the upgrade of kind of existing testers that are being reconfigured at OSATs to test other silicon providers, silicon. And it was very high quarter from a services perspective. We did have some increases on new testers as well. But we expect that business to kind of continue at or -- once we get through I would say the migration or repurposing of existing testers at the OSATs for other customers. So we expect that to be a little bit up in the very short-term to get back to normal over the mid-term.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. So maybe I'll start with the end. So roughly 15% in Q3 of our sales we're trying to base. And so it's true that with the regulations either tied to Huawei or discussions about SMIC or the military end-use. Really from a military end-use perspective, there's a tremendous amount of internal compliance work that we're doing to ensure that we are compliant with the regulations and it has not had a material impact on our revenue stream. And I think in earlier remarks, we've made is that as the end-market remained the same and the silicon -- different silicon providers are providing solution for that end market, we feel good about our position on that front. So it's a -- there are some short-term disruptions, we talked about service upgrades for testers that are being redeployed at the OSATs that we're servicing high silicon solutions and now we're going to be servicing other solutions. So that's the type of stuff we're seeing in the short-term. But in the long-term, we feel good about our position because we see it as a share shift where we're positioned well. Operator Thank you. Our next question or comment comes from the line of Krish Sankar from Cowen and Company. Your line is open.
Sanjay Mehta: I don't know. We'd have to dig that one out. But it's been running in that sort of, I'd say, 75% range, so it's still the vast majority of our sales. The larger enterprises have been a growing percentage over the past three to four years, but that's a rough number.
Sanjay Mehta: Right now -- it's Sanjay here. So right now, we're not -- we're -- we believe that there could be some issues that arise. But the last six months has clearly shown us that we can overcome what those hurdles are. Nothing is perfect. But we feel that we're in a very good spot in replenishing our components and manufacturing. And if there are things that come up, we've got some capability to solve those problems. So at this point there's no supply constraint on.
