Michael Bradley: They are consistently focused, Kris, on best-of-breed. So they wouldn’t take components of the Test Cell that were lower in performance just because they were integrated. So the short answer is they’re not looking for integration for integration’s sake. They’re looking for integration only if it has a functional or economic advantage that can’t be achieved through a modular approach.Krish Sankar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Thank you.
Michael Bradley: Jim, with regard to our strategy, the thing we wanted to be clear about is that in one sense, our focus in the past has been very tightly around the core with the additions of Nextest and Eagle. But that doesn’t mean we’re limiting it into the Test Cell as we scan the market. The issue for us is what are the core capabilities of the company and can we find ways to leverage that more inside the core as well as in, what I’d call, close adjacencies. The thing we want to do is avoid looking so far a field that we dilute any of the technology leverage or any of the customer leverage we could get. So that’s the – I don’t want to say it’s exclusively inside the test arena. Having said that, I think we would be unlikely to venture so far away that you would look in and say, "This is a holding company." On the front of what’s happening in the rest of the test space and consolidation. Obviously, the consolidation moves that are underway now will have some effects, short term and long term. But the thing I’d emphasize is that the design in cycles that our customers go through are many months in duration. So there’s really nothing immediate that’s happening. Certainly, customers are asking questions and trying to figure out the implications of that. But the trajectory and the progress we’ve made doesn’t really incorporate anything that could be an outgrowth of that consolidation activity that’s taking place. I think in the future, if product roadmaps change as a result of it, if product are discontinued and so on, I think that will have an impact. But at this point, I wouldn’t put any register of anything into the numbers that we have that’s resulted from that.
Michael Bradley: Atif, because the share shifts come from two places for us. One is from specific device design-ins, and it also comes from the shifting subsegments of the markets, which are gradually moving more and more in favor of the mobile applications and power management and automotive and microcontrollers and so on. It’s a little bit hard to put your finger on how much is permanent and how much is transitional. The way we’ve been doing it, the rule of thumb we’ve been using is that we think there is some of the segment shifting and bumping us in the buying pattern. So we didn’t want to peg our market share at the numerical high 49%, 50% level, which I think it will come out to when all the numbers are in. So the short answer is mid-40s is the way we’re roughly modeling it for this year.
Michael Bradley: Let me just do a quick recap. The 2010 bit rates we think will settle in for SOC around 1.4%, and for memory around 1%. Now what we’ve – do some quick math. What we’ve modeled the business at, as you know, in SOC as we build the model around 2 billion. If it comes in at 2 billion, that actually will be a decline in bit rate to about 1.1. So I think at this point in time, we’ve got a range of possibility for market between 2 billion and as much as 2.6, which is what we think it settles in at for 2010. At this point, we’d be betting the over, in other words above 2 billion, in the 2.2 and above range, because of some of the early – the starting quarter here looks pretty good for the industry. So I think you have to deal with it as a range. At 1.1, you get a $2 billion market and then you push away up to 1.4 where you get to that higher end of that range in SOC. Memory was about $700 million market. That’s a 1% bit rate. We think that range is anywhere from 1%, possibly 1.3% for this coming year for memory.
Michael Bradley: Yes, the short-term indicators, Dave, are picking up. In a short lead time environment, it’s pretty hard to call long term. But the close-in activities picked up a bit. So we’re positioning for that.
Michael Bradley: Yes. Maybe the best way – I think geographic isn’t as interesting as the segments. I’m going to talk about the SOC part because that’s the interesting part, I think, for you. Let’s see. If I look over the last, let’s say, three or four quarters, the strength that we’ve had continues to be in the microcontroller and logic test segments in the wireless or mobile segment and in power management. Maybe in fourth place, you’d find the automotive applications. So that has consistently been the case even in this last quarter, those are the leaders. Now obviously, they’re down from the peaks in the second – first and second quarter. Those will continue to be in the short term, they look to be the leaders for us. And we’re expecting a little improvement in most of those segments. They kind of change positions first, second, third and fourth, but that’s the cluster of the strongest applications. Now if I put that into a long-term context, that really is what we’ve been anticipating as that those segments over time will capture more of the test market because we think that the growth in the test segments will favor the mobile RF and the microcontroller and automotive spaces at the expense of declining test market size in the microprocessor or chipset spaces. So I think the short-term picture that we’ve got sort of fits into the long-term picture, but those are the three or four segments that have been driving things and continue to drive them through this fourth quarter and we believe into the first.
Michael Bradley: Well, it’s a rearview mirror here that the OSAT went down substantially, if you remember, in the third quarter. And the favorable news is that they moved up a bit. They’re nowhere close to their peak buying levels, but a move up by the OSAT, we took as a positive signal because they’re really the canary in the mineshaft in terms of where the overall market is moving. So we took that as a favorable move. Again, their trigger is such a short one that they could move up or down. But in terms of the tone of the discussions, we feel like the bottom on the OSAT is behind us. How much it could go up, we’re not sure at this point.Mahavir Sanghavi – UBS Investment Bank: Thank you, guys. And congratulations once again.
Michael Bradley: No. Tim, I absolutely take your point. I think sometimes we talk about our planning process so that you understand the disciplined side of our investments, in our expenses side of the equation. But I think the reason we don’t speculate above the top side or the possibility of it being higher is that, frankly, we really can ramp up to whatever level if necessary in that space. So we maybe – as you said, we maybe under-promoting the upside in our discussions, but we only do that because we want to keep the discipline on the cost side. But I would accept the point that if the OSATs recover to the level that they were at 2010, it’s a considerable upside. That was a $400 million to $500 million chunk of business for us. And you’re right, we’re far, far short of that rate at this point.
Michael Bradley: Well, I won’t do all out the limb, but have not forecasted. And I think the thing I wanted to do in my comments and in response to your question here is that I do think that we see a short-term strengthening scenario. Where that ends up, obviously, we’re not sure. We’re still inside – we’re 27 days into the quarter. But I think the short-term indicators are reasonable positive for us, and we signaled the reflection of that in this capacity and slot plan that we have.
Michael Bradley: It’s the least linear of our businesses, and it’s the shortest history of any product that we’ve got. But our expectation is it’s going to be very lumpy.
Michael Bradley: The other thing inside SOC, there’s really not a – we don’t project much of a difference in mix. I guess the only thing in the short term that has move of interest is in that the image sensor market, which has been quite subdued, actually had a decent uptick here in the fourth quarter. But any of these moves mix actually don’t have much impact to us in terms of either production capability. And as Greg has talked about the margin mix, it moves gradually, but the margins are fairly consistent.
Michael Bradley: No, they cover the waterfront, Patrick. Maybe one way to think about it is from a product standpoint, if you accumulate all of the design wins that we’ve had this year, that would total between $40 million and $50 million of identifiable sockets. About half of those design wins come from the FLEX family. About, I think, a little bit under 40% of those come from the Eagle family, and a bit more than 10% have come from the 750. That can change a little bit, but that gives you some flavor from a product standpoint how things have moved. I think the thing that’s interesting in that profile is that over the two years here that we’ve had Eagle Test in the portfolio, I’m putting – I’m doing – this is all SOC by the way. While we’ve had Eagle Test in the portfolio, we’ve really been gaining some steam as we’ve combined our sales and applications teams, especially in Asia, to go after a series of accounts that Eagle didn’t have the reach into with their distribution organization. So that’s really starting to kick in, and that’s why the Eagle piece is as high as 35% to 40%.
Michael Bradley: Tom, it’s Mike. Things have moved down a little through the third and fourth quarter. And by a little, I mean into the 80s, 80% levels, 80% to 90%. If you look at it in industry-wide, and I think with the share we have, we’re a fair indicator of the industry. The bottoms of the last few cycles have been low 80s. This is a little bit higher than that. I put it at around the mid-80s at this point. So the buying has stabilized here and the utilization has stabilized at a slightly higher level. Now, all these comments don’t embrace the 2009 downturn so I always talk about that separately. That was in the 50s, obviously.
Michael Bradley: I think it’s not distinguished OSAT to IDMs. I think the general sense that we have is that the customer base is mobilizing here to move a little bit into a more strong position so I wouldn’t say it’s one place or the other.
Gregory Beecher: And I think I’ll add to that, Atif, is I think we’ve modeled the company to fit our model profit rate at a 41% market share. So if the market share ends up at somewhere north of 41%, which we believe it will, likely short of 50%. Obviously, that profit rate is above 15% is what we should be delivering.
Gregory Beecher: In the hard disk drive?Mehdi Hosseini – Susquehanna Financial Group: Yes, yes. The Systems Test and specifically hard disk drive.
Gregory Beecher: We’re planning on 8% tax rate for 2011.Mehdi Hosseini – Susquehanna Financial Group: Okay. Thank you.
Gregory Beecher: Okay, this is Greg. I’ll talk to gross margin. In the fourth quarter, we had very favorable mix of margin within Semiconductor Test and even in the Systems Test group, which is all consistent with, I’ll say, our model in terms of the variation you can get. And if you look at Q1, it’s actually going the other way on us. So if I put the two quarters together, you’d have a more normalized margin. But there is variation simply based upon product mix. In the first quarter, we are shipping a greater amount of – or recognizing revenue, more hard disk drive systems. So it’s simply mix. And why we’re increasing revenue? We’ve had some strength in bookings and the outlook we have looks positive and it’s what we believe customers need.
Gregory Beecher: Okay. Thank you. I’ll answer the last question first. No, I don’t think we can match the performance in 2010. 2010 did have a higher amount of customer advanced payments, so that certainly helped us. And we’re not assuming a market size of 2.6 billion in SOC test. So our plan is to be more conservative, but kind of half of the answer is yes. But I would plan on that, it would be less than that number. That was a very strong number. And again, customer advances helped us a bit there too. So it’s up 10% customer. For the year, we don’t have a 10% customer. For the quarter, I will take a look and get back to you.
Gregory Beecher: For our planning purposes, we assume a conservative market that fully structure the company. I think a question was asked to Mike earlier was what do we think the SOC test market size could be. And I think we answered that, that it could be as high as 2.6 or it could be as low as 2.2. It’s somewhere in that range would be our judgment at this point.
Gregory Beecher: Tim, this is Greg. That’s a question to answer directly because a lot of it depends upon what’s the best fit, what would be the most accretive inside Teradyne. But having said that, generally speaking, the larger the deal, the less likely because there’s less likely further help Teradyne can provide a company that’s already grown to a certain level. So I smoothed that out. I think they would tend to be companies a little bit of smaller size where we really could help them in Asia in supply line. Once a company gets to a certain size, they often build some of those capabilities themselves.
Gregory Beecher: Memory bookings in the fourth quarter were 42 million. C.J., size of our business this coming year, we have to put some bands around it. And I think that if the market is the size of this year – this past year, it’s a $700 million market. Our view is this memory market doesn’t go back to the levels that it’s been in the past because of the productivity elements that have been exercised over the past couple of years. So if you put a band of $700 million to $900 million or $1 billion, and we’re sitting at about 15% shares, we exit 2010. Our appetite here is to gradually grow that. We hope that with the shift towards flash this year and with the design-ins we’ve had over the last couple of years, we could move that northward towards 20. So if you put those numbers together, you can get a revenue range in that. Anything inside that sizing, we’re fully capable of shipping.
Gregory Beecher: You’re right, C.J., some of the hard disk drive while it shipped in the fourth quarter, it will be recognized in revenue in the first quarter. And hard disk drive, it there is a buying pattern, they tend to put orders in the second quarter, third quarter. But it’s very hard to forecast that.
Gregory Beecher: I think the mix will be somewhat similar to some prior quarters. And we’ve set our guidance – we tend to try to be a little conservative on the mix. There’s nothing happening in the pricing environment that should change our model at least in the short term, that’s for sure. And we had very good mix in the fourth quarter, very good, so first quarter, we’re assuming it’s not as strong, and we also had greater hard disk drive business. So I don’t think there’s anything unusual about the Q4 to Q1 mix. If you could see the products underneath it, they’re delivering at their normal standard margins. It’s just the mix that’s in the quarter.
Gregory Beecher: I think the only thing significantly different – the things that could be different would be more hard disk drive business, so that’s going to give us more dollar from the bottom line but lower the gross margin percent and lower our R&D and SG&A percent. But more dollars in the bottom line.
Gregory Beecher: It’s hard to say never, but it’s hard for me to conceptualize how that might serve our interest. So it would have to be some unique set of circumstances that that might make sense. Over the years, we have not seen one that made sense for Teradyne. So we consider everything, but many things get thrown off the table pretty quickly.
Gregory Beecher: It’s the latter. There is no difference, but because it’s a new product, a new version of the product, we wait for acceptance. No different in what we do with a Semi Test product.
Gregory Beecher: It’s a structural issue. It’s more based upon the level of differentiation the product has while its significant. We’re not able to get the same margins as we are in Semiconductor Test. And it’s the model of the business and as far as lower engineering and selling costs. So it can have the same operating profit line, but it has less engineering. With less engineering, they generally get less of a gross margin.
