Michael Bradley: Stephen (sic) [Mahavir], you're right. I was trying to give a scenario that said if the market took a couple of quarter downturn and leveled out at that level, then obviously, if our share was exactly the same as the prior quarters, everything would go down. We'd go down.
Michael Bradley: Yes. The utilization rates, our numbers would show that the breakout between IDMs and OSATs would have the utilization on the OSATs breaking away here in the last couple of quarters, where the OSATs would be in the mid to high 70s, while the ODM -- while the IDMs would be still in the 80s.
Michael Bradley: Well, I think, if everything is linked together, I think that the CapEx starts to move back if it got down to this $2 billion rate and started to move back up then the OSATs tend to swing harder in their CapEx, and therefore, the utilization would start to get loaded, and they'd move back up. So I think everything is kind of synchronized to this buying cycle.
Michael Bradley: No. This question's been asked in the past. We don't -- no one tracks the subsegments of test, with the resolution that would allow us to do it, so I'd have to speak in kind of relative terms. Our strongest segments would be in mobility, power management, microcontrollers. Our weakest segments would be in the processor -- PC processor. When I say mobility, mobile processors, obviously, are included in that. So with the 45% overall market share, you'd put us north of 50% in those, certainly significantly -- I mean, our market share in the PC processor space is very, very low.
Michael Bradley: Two things. The first one is that the buying in FLASH has got to keep leaning more towards the higher speed FLASH -- DDR FLASH applications. That's where we're positioned. That's what our strategy is to intersect that. And secondly, for the DRAM buying to get some life to it, those 2 things have to happen. Obviously, we've got to win sockets in new customers.
Michael Bradley: Yes. I think that market will absorb -- we think it's in the mid-5s. Somewhere between 500 and 550. That's all in, that's service and product, everything.
Michael Bradley: Yes, that's what I was trying to do. You're exactly right. That's how I was thinking about it, just a little bit down. Obviously, it could go further, but I was trying to do some round numbers that would show you what the total market in 2011 would be and then what the run rate would be so.
Michael Bradley: Satya, I think the broad issue in the competitive landscape with this consolidation move is whether the roadmaps will, in fact, change. And I think there's a fork in the road. One branch is that the products will, in fact, get rationalized and customers will, in some sense, be forced to switch or open up evaluations. The other is that it's steady as she goes and the existing products, all will have roadmaps that extend out in time. So far, it's the latter. Obviously, if it becomes the former and I think, in some sense, for shareholders that has to become the former then opportunities would exist. I wouldn't just say it would be a PC opportunity, I think, across the board, there could be some opportunities that open up, because of the disruptions to that -- to the roadmaps.
Michael Bradley: Yes. More moves -- performance at wafer level is what occurs, and that's not a new phenomenon. Obviously, the other thing is that you have system level test, very complex requirements with this new integrated devices, but it's one more generation of that. We're seeing in the tablet and mobility devices, increase in RF ports, multiple cores, just a whole series of things that affect both test development and production test. And this new introduction of UltraFLEX generation of equipment was targeting that, so we've already launched that set of capability into the market. And it's had very good acceptance already.
Michael Bradley: Well, I think -- to be honest with you, we don't lose a lot of sleep trying to call it, quite that precisely, but I will say that the characteristics in our market, in a very short lead-time environment, which is what the industry is capable of now, is that in the downturn, things tend to shut off quite hard. We saw that in the third quarter last year. We see that in this quarter, and it’s across the board, OSAT and IDM. So you just have absolutely a shift into engineering buying or new product ramp buying. And we don't have cancellations to speak of. We have some shuffling in the slot blend, but not a lot of pushing out, and so as a result, things turn on and off very quickly. We're in a phase where things have turned off. And I think everyone kind of squeezes down so far that the next move is that they say, well, we actually need some more. We don't know whether that will stay down, as I said, and have a lower Q4, or whether that can come back. Either scenario, I think, is possible. But in truth, we don't worry about it too much, because the supply line flexibility is very, very nimble for us.
Michael Bradley: If I would have put a range around it, I'd put 1.3% to 1.5%. This year, if we take the numbers that I gave you earlier, if it downslope all the way through Q4, that ends up at an annual 1.1% for SOC. So the whole year would actually be a comparatively low year. But if you're modeling it, I think over time, a longer period of time, 1.3% to 1.5% would be a reasonable band.
Michael Bradley: We shipped less than the $120 million, but what I'll say is this, because we don't break out HDD in total as a segment. By the time we get through third quarter, we expect to be at/or maybe slightly above our high-end target for the year. So whatever we get in the fourth quarter would push us above that.
Michael Bradley: Okay. That's a lot. Let's see, I'm going to be intentionally vague on exact number of customers, but we turned the corner within the last 12 months into multiple customers in HDD. And that was multiplied by the applications that we were targeting, the Neptune product app. So we were extending beyond the mobile market into the enterprise market into functional test. So we really expanded on 2 axis in Hard Disk Drive. Now as a result of that -- and you know we're on 2.5-inch disk drives. As a result, we really have kept very good momentum this year, as you can see with the revenues in the market, that in total is somewhere between the $250 million and $300 million a year as a run rate. So we've really been able to take a position now much broader than we've had in the past. So the growth is really in 2 axes. It's a multiple customers. It is the much wider variety of applications that the product now addresses. And in DRAM, we don't really get into many. I'm sorry, but delineation of the number of customers, I will say, that we've got products now over the last year, where we've got both DRAM wafer sort and final test and products and FLASH for wafer sort and final test, and we have customers in all of those segments. Obviously, our market share objective requires that we expand share inside our existing customers, but it's going to require that we get new customers going forward. I can't tell you that we will announce customers as they come in, but obviously, if we hit our market share goals, it means that we're getting new customers.
Michael Bradley: Yes, C.J. I think there's a band, obviously. I think that's fair. If you remember last year, when we hit 49%, we wanted to make sure all of our investors knew that we didn't think we gained 8 points of market share in one year. We thought -- and quite correctly, we explained that we were favored in share, in part, because of design ins, which were real and long term, and in part, because the segments that we were the strongest in we're moving up relatively more than other segments. So if you take the overall share, where our expectation is that 44%, 45% range would be, that would be a reasonable place to be.
Michael Bradley: We can respond very quickly, Patrick. I don't think we're -- we don't have constraints of any magnitude about being able to add slots and move the supply line up. Now the corner case is that you get some very, very specialized configurations that are heavy on a particular instrument. But even at that level, which we try to make sure that the pipeline is able to respond. And I think that the '10 quarterly ramp history gives you some sense of how much we can move in any quarter, both up and down.
Michael Bradley: It's across the board. I think, the -- if you took the last couple of years and said what's been the biggest thing that shifted, I think, actually it's been combining our distribution organization with the Eagle product line. If you put the first bar on the Pareto though, that's -- that would be the first bar. And it's the ability to drive their product family into regions that they had not been before, number one. Number two, is the extension of their product down into the ETS-88 level, gets us access to much smaller customers, many of them Asia-based, new fabless companies or even companies at the IDM level, who are attracted by this double play that the product offers in terms of the variety of devices it can test and very, very effective parallel test. So that would be the first one. And that's going into a market where some of the products that have existed in the past are long in the tooth. The other segments have been -- as we, over the last couple of years, introduced new next-generation capability at the very high end on the UltraFLEX, we've been able -- there've been very big battles here, and we've been able to share of those. I'd say those would be the 2 top ones.
Michael Bradley: Yes. The mix between what we call specifiers, so it's IDMs and then the fabless companies who buy from themselves, in Q2, on a bookings basis, that was 73% of the total and 27% for the OSATs. And just for reference, that was 76-24 last quarter. So actually the OSATs held up a little bit more. And the reason for that is OSAT, as you know, don't just -- they're not just the surplus capacity industry, a lot of the fabless companies use them. So new fabless products -- driven products held up, actually, relatively better than the IDM space did this quarter. But that's the breakdown.
Michael Bradley: Two things. One is, obviously, customers are voicing concern about uncertainty, and that relates to whether things will change. And their biggest concern would be, will the product development plans for the products that they're buying change. So that would be the number one thing. Number two, is I want to make sure -- these are both very capable competitors, and anytime there's a consolidation, as we had with our businesses, with Nextest and with Eagle, obviously, the first thing you do is you want to assure your customers that they're going to get continued support. So that, I call that as business as usual. The competitive landscape there is competition is making sure that they're stabilizing their customer base. But this issue about long-term uncertainty would be the main one. That's why over the last couple of quarters, we've reemphasized that when a consolidation takes place, customers don't run for the exits. They don't make changes immediately. That happens over time, and I wouldn't attribute any of the changes in market share that have occurred over the last year or any of the design ins, specifically to the effect of that consolidation. That will fold itself out or roll out over a longer period of time.
Michael Bradley: Atif, I think that their projections and the tone of their projections actually mirror ours, which is that while there was -- our business in memory was steady, theirs was strong, that the outlook going forward this year has a lot of uncertainty to it. So I think the tone of both are quite similar.
Gregory Beecher: Jim, this is Greg. I think over time, the Hard Disk Drive will continue to grow, but we expect SemiTest to continue to grow as well. So I think, what we're really saying now is a very fast growth in Hard Disk Drive from a few years ago, where it's going to be north of 120% this year. But I think from this point forward, I think the percentages you get would be similar down the road, because we have attractive growth plans in SemiTest. And Hard Disk Drive is probably where most of our growth will be in the Systems Test group. I don't think it will be nearly as much in the other 2 groups.
Gregory Beecher: Yes. The first thing I'd say is it's probably not a good idea for us to say in any short-term environment what we intend to do over the next 90 days, whether it's buyback or acquisitions. So having said that, we're doing what we've always said we would do. We're going to buy back stock opportunistically, and if we can find acquisitions that are a good fit, and we could grow them faster, then Teradyne would do that. And we've been patient all along, so we're expecting what we said we'd do, and we'll report back to you next quarter, what activity might or might not take place in this next quarter.
Gregory Beecher: This is Greg. The vast majority -- overwhelming majority is the mix. In our guidance, the SemiTest business, if I go from Q2 to Q3, it's down $110 million, SemiTest. Hard Disk Drive is up $30 million. So that swing -- and Hard Disk Drive had some reasonable volume in the second quarter. So there's a very high mix of Hard Disk Drive in the third quarter guidance, higher than, I think, we have had for quite some time. So that's 95% of what's going on in the gross margin.
Gregory Beecher: This is Greg. One thing that I'm sure you guys track is the inventory levels. So if that does lead down at a rapid pace that's obviously good, everything else being equal. So that's something worth keeping your eye on. It's not something that we focus on, given how we can respond very quickly to customers, but given the roles you guys have, that might be a good thing to keep an eye on.
Gregory Beecher: And maybe one other quick thing on the Hard Disk Drive, we're strong on 2.5-inch Hard Disk Drive, and there is -- there are more drives that are 3.5 that are being replaced by 2.5-inch Hard Disk Drives. So that's another thing that's favoring, where we're strong. The 2.5-inch Hard Drives have lower power and has good performance, so that's something else that's increasing our share of the market.
Gregory Beecher: Let me give you the semi -- this is Q2 semi-revenue. All right. The product revenue is $288 million, the service revenue was $55 million. Okay? On the valuation, I want to leave it at the level I left it earlier, that it's not constructive, I think, for investors or anybody to get any level of detail beyond what we have said earlier that we're going to look at all the alternatives, be very mindful of our cost of capital, be very mindful of where the stock's trading, be very mindful of what opportunities are attractive in front of us. So it all goes into our thinking. And we'll report back each quarter, what decisions we make.
Gregory Beecher: It depends upon the cost of capital return. It all depends. It depends if our stock goes lower, obviously, the buyback starts moving up. If -- and that depends what is the acquisition you're looking at. So there is no one answer. It all depends upon the exact circumstances at the time.
Gregory Beecher: We think all is sustainable except for $1 million, which is tied to the Japan earthquake. Apart from that it should be sustainable.
Gregory Beecher: Our HDD market share, I'd say, if it stays static, which it is very healthy now. We have trouble trying to size the fourth quarter in HDD. So at the moment, looks like there could be some shipments there, but I would not be surprised if they pause and schedule those out. So we really don't have a good fix on the fourth quarter, what they might take. But seasonally, would it surprise me, if they took it in the fourth quarter? Not really, but if they're taking the late fourth quarter, that would surprise me. I think, it would have to be early in the fourth quarter for them to get productive use out of it.
Gregory Beecher: This is Greg. The biggest challenge for us after the first product which was designed to meet a deadline, to get the customer to accept it was that we designed it in the U.S. Since then, we've made the changes necessary to get to a very competitive cost structure. We're always still looking at some opportunities that might be small, but we're still looking at them. When you look at this year, 2011, we expect after 3 years of being below model to be at our model profit rate or a little bit better. So we actually like the position we're in right now -- the product position. But there's always still some fine tuning we need to do. The gross margins, as I think you know, are low 30%. Now if we ship a lot in one quarter, that, obviously, pulls it up to some higher number. But on average, it's about low 32%. But the SG&A and R&D are very low. So we get to 15%, and sometimes, more than 15% depending upon the volume.
