Michael A. Bradley: Jim, it's Mike. It will be a faster turn business for us. The granularity of the units are smaller. But that piece of the business is just a faster rep rate. We can't say exactly what the lead times will be. We'll have to watch for a few quarters and be able to give you some sense of that as we go forward, but it's clearly going to be inside our larger system structures.
Michael A. Bradley: We're not going to get specific on those products, but I will say it's the Wi-Fi side. So those products are Wi-Fi and they were very successful right out -- right from engineering, and they were ramping at record time.
Michael A. Bradley: Satya, we can connect to specific end products. But on your second question, if you remember on our call last quarter, the guidance we gave in revenue included the low end of the range for LitePoint. And because it's such a turns business, because we had new products ramping, and the question was whether those acceptances would be second quarter versus third quarter, it took us well through the middle part of the quarter and into the third month of the quarter to see how that was going to shape up. And quite frankly, acceptance has turned out to be very good for us and that emerged really in the last few weeks of the quarter.
Michael A. Bradley: Mehdi, I think it's an ongoing -- every segment has got new applications. And that's why the design-in work we do to get new sockets on an ongoing basis gives -- is really the essential strategy of the business. But you may want to refine that question.
Michael A. Bradley: No, I think you're right. And if you remember last quarter when we talked -- maybe the last couple of quarters that, that's why our focus has been on more highly integrated devices and in this mobility sector because we think that as the dollar shifts continually in that direction, I gave some numbers last quarter how that segment of the market would take, we think, at least 4% more of the pie over the next couple of years. It turns out even more than that this year. So I agree with you on that front. And I think the other thing is that if you look back at our history, really over a 20-year period, we've been focusing a major part of our R&D at a strategy that would exploit that higher integration and a higher buy rates that exist and a more buy and the capital that exists in that sector.
Michael A. Bradley: Stephen, on the HDD side, the trajectory we're on and the market is on has been, as we said, it's been a strong capacity add period here in the first half. And we do expect that to slow down. There's more capacity in the market -- test capacity right now that there is demand. So we see the next quarter or perhaps 2 to be slower. As that gets absorbed, you could see a pickup in the time frames that you talked about. But the signal we wanted to give to you was that you can't -- we can't just multiply the first part of this year and say, "That's what's the size of the market's going to be." We do expect it to be slower, and absorption period in the second half of this year. As you know, we're focused on 2.5 inch. That's where our -- all of our businesses, we fanned out to a number of customers now, broader set of application, so we've got a very good position on the front. And that market, as you know, that's the biggest piece of the HDD CapEx.
Michael A. Bradley: We're not going to speak to that level of detail. We simply have -- we do have at the company level the customer -- one customer at the company level that's more than 10%. We had one in Q1, one in Q2. And then over the 6-month period, we have one customer at 10% spot on.
Michael A. Bradley: I think we'll -- as we log a few more quarters and a couple more years, we'll hopefully have a better picture. This market doesn't get tabulated the way the SemiTest markets have been for the last 5 or even 10 years. Our estimates were that the test market was going to grow at about 10%. We were shooting for a 20% growth. We're clearly well above that. So the kind of accuracy of measurements, we can't give you the same in the LitePoint and test market. But I think it's pretty clear with the level of growth that we've got, if we can sustain that on an annual basis, then we're clearly moving faster than the market is.
Michael A. Bradley: It's a -- if you put the Paretos next to SemiTest, it's actually a lighter Pareto than SemiTest. But because the units value of the systems is smaller. At that -- at the end of the Pareto, the numbers are very, very small. But it's a very, very broad and distributed -- geographically distributed market. Obviously, the big guys are the big guys, and take up a large chunk of the business. But it's a very wide terrain.
Michael A. Bradley: Let's see. First question. The bottlenecks we had in the first quarter are behind us. Those were caused by us having really a year's worth of demand in our high-end system UltraFLEX coming in one quarter. Unusual for us not to get every piece of business that comes in the door. But that is behind us. At this point, we've ramped that product very aggressive and we're positioned to be able to -- not to be capacity constrained at this point. Second question, on wireless, say that again.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. But measured, Patrick, in months. The first quarter demand, certainly, from a unit standpoint would be one of the top first quarters that we've seen in the past. And first quarter of 2010, with the 2009 correction was big, obviously. But I'm not sure. Are you getting at whether...
Michael A. Bradley: Well, I think definitely there's a sentiment. The big question mark on world economies and consumer demand and transition of mobility products and all of that stuff is putting a pause. And so I'd mildly agree with you that things are uncertain. The reason we've said that we -- that Q3 is down is 3 reasons. One is the vibrations from the customers are suggesting that they've put a lot in place and they will probably put less in place in the third quarter, number one. Number two, history tells us, on the exhibit, we've included in this -- on the website, history tells us that third and fourth quarter are usually down. So I wouldn't say this would be unusual, they're usually down. And number three, with the run rate in SOC at $3 billion, we think it has to back off a little bit despite the dollar growth in the SemiTest device market, the SOC -- I'm sorry the SOC device market, that comes down, too. So if you put all those 3 together and the betting man says that the third quarter and certainly the fourth quarter are likely down.
Michael A. Bradley: All right. We grow that capacity as we do in SemiTest with our manufacturing partner -- set of partners, but main partner. And we've been able to ramp the capacity on these products with that same infrastructure. So -- but obviously inside that factory, it was a very ambitious and aggressive ramp program, not just in unit volume but in the introduction of the new products that Greg talked about.
Michael A. Bradley: But C.J., I think -- to be fair, I think, I'd second your proposition there, and that is what we wanted to do was to indicate that this is a very strong picture. And yes, we -- maybe we are being conservative, but honestly it's not a bottoms-up forecast that gives us the $450 million number. It's more of a top-down thing that says, if we sustain this level, we could see some backing off in 2013, because we can't build it all up from the bottom. But even if we do, there's another -- there's an extra $100 million on the table. So legitimately, if we could keep on this trajectory, then obviously we've got more than $100 million plus in that picture. It's a top-down calculation.
Michael A. Bradley: I think the main thing that would push to the high-end is if this new product launch is in the growth, in the mobility sectors stay for another quarter, then you get to the high end. I think it only takes another quarter of that to happen. So that's why we got the range there. But there's nothing magical about having one more quarter and have one year that's a little high because we saw in 2010 an accumulation of held-off buying from 2009 period. So you could get to the top end, since we're halfway through the year and honestly, it takes only an extra quarter of push. Our expectation, though, both in short-term information from customers and in the macro calculations are that the absorption period starts here over the course of this next quarter. We could be wrong.
Gregory R. Beecher: Jim, this is Greg. We would expect for the foreseeable future the margin should stay above the company average. LitePoint is quite a bit ahead of some of the technology areas and that gives customers a much better advantage in getting the products to market fast with low cost production tests. So I do think it's a unique value proposition that can continue to return good margins.
Gregory R. Beecher: That, among other possibilities, are explored with our board on an ongoing basis. And I think what I've consistently said is don't expect any sharp turns from what we have been doing. And as -- if you look at what we've done historically, we've been more recently very opportunistic on buybacks. And the returns we've gotten from LitePoint -- and what we expect to get from LitePoint, as well as Eagle and Nextest, we think are quite significant. So we think that's a better use of hard-earned capital. We acknowledge we may not find another good fit. So it all depends, are there -- these other good fits out there. And when you're looking at somebody like LitePoint, it's very hard to use your own stock. The other party is a different industry, so that complicates the deal. So we need enough good dry powder so that if there are these good opportunities that we can move. I think last year, I think this time we had $1.2 billion of gross cash. So we grew cash to a reasonable level, which gave us a good war chest to do a sizable deal. So in summary, I think, expect what we've been doing in the past but we continue to look at it.
Gregory R. Beecher: Mehdi, LitePoint should operate like our other businesses in terms of strong Q2, Q3, trough in Q4, Q1, low maybe picking up a bit. So it's on the same pattern, that the bulk of the buy is in Q2 and Q3. What we did say is $100 million more than what we described to you guys a quarter ago over a 2-year period. So I think that's just remarkable growth compared to -- we said 20% plus. So the math is, it's much higher than a 20% plus growth rate for the first 2 years. Could be somewhat higher? Of course, Could be somewhat lower? Of course.
Gregory R. Beecher: I'll take the first LitePoint one, and then Mike will take the second. On the LitePoint, LitePoint, the bulk of the growth is a very healthy market for the reasons I mentioned in my prepared remarks. Apart from that there have been share gains. We have doubled the number of customers that are over $0.5 million from a year ago. So we do have many more customers in the fold. We've gained a little bit of share in a new market as a foothold, and hope to expand from there. If you step back and say where is LitePoint in the total market? Our share would be up this year. It's up this year in part because the market were in connectivity, I believe, is healthier this year based upon some of the trends I mentioned and is buying more compared to what the cellular test market would otherwise buy. In addition to that, there's been some number of share gains where we've broken in and gotten a little bit more connectivity business, and we've got a little bit of cellular business.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. Jagadish, so let me come at that 2 ways. One is you're right, we're about -- the signal we're giving the second half would be softer. The numbers behind that, if you recall, the industry in SOC was running at an annualized $2 billion rate as we exited 2011. First half of this year, it's just a nudge under $3 billion. So the ramp-up has been dramatic. You know the $3 billion would be about $400 million higher than the market size for the last couple of years, and the buy rate would be higher than the regular run rate. So we do expect a correction in the second half. The slide that we've shown in our package, it's available to you. so we think we end up between $2.5 billion and $2.8 billion, so take the midpoint of that, $2.6 billion -- - between $2.6 billion, $2.7 billion. And that means that you have a correction, with a likely correction in the second half of this year. That's what we would expect. The segment information, let me tell you, I think this is a little bit of a repeat of what we've said in the past because the pattern is very similar, and that is mobility, it has been the driver. That's our RF mobile processors base band. We've had, and I think the market likely has had 3 quarters of growth, sequential growth. Power management has been very strong the last 3 quarters, grown so much that actually it was down a little bit for us this quarter. And in places like microcontroller and linear were up after finally a few quarters of down. Those were both up. So our expectation is that everything recedes as we go into the second half of the year, but the order of buying, in other words, the Pareto will still probably stack up with the mobility sector for us, power management, microcontroller, linear, in that order.
Gregory R. Beecher: That's simply shipments were skewed towards the end of the quarter and therefore, the payment wasn't due from the customer.
Gregory R. Beecher: Of course. Yes, I don't have that handy, but there's too many to -- 30 or 40, but I don't -- we have to go back and count.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. This is Greg, we haven't seen that particular transaction. If I can step back, what we're doing in this market is we're working with the lead accounts where we've helped them on connectivity and we have deep relationships and credibility. And we're demonstrating our product, which can do 4 ducts at the same time. The competitors can't do that. They're trying to. So it's simply a design-in cycle that takes a period of time. And if you are successful, you tend to get in as a second source for some piece of business. So we're on that path, we feel good. How we're doing? It just -- it takes time. It can be a year process, and we're tracking it very carefully where we are.
Gregory R. Beecher: So 2012, we would have -- certainly have cellular test business. That would be a small piece of our business. We would have 802.11ac, you didn't ask about that but that's another new product, so it's a small amount of that business which will ramp much more in the future. But yes, there is cellular business in, there's some good chunks in there, but it's not significant in the grand scheme of things. And we expect it to grow in the subsequent years.
Gregory R. Beecher: No, I don't think the margins are going to go up. I think as -- the more successful we are with some large volume deals, there's -- our best guess is those stay similar where they are. We do spend a fair amount on the OpEx, too, in this business. To give an example, OpEx was running at about $12 million a quarter in 2011. In 2012, we're going to close at $23 million a quarter. So we're about doubling it. So we're investing a lot. So while the gross margins are great, there are a fair amount of costs that are below gross margins as well.
Gregory R. Beecher: In that number, there is some extended warranty too, that is deferred revenue that gets recognized over a period of time. So 10% of it, you'd almost want to haircut, C.J., because that's service revenue over a period of time. But then the bulk of it would be product revenue. The numbers are a little higher than what you put forth, but you're close enough with your guess. And yes, so that's in part in our guidance. But keep in mind with 2-week lead times, it's also possible those orders could get canceled, pushed out. Therefore, it is a little trickier forecasting LitePoint than our existing businesses.
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, I think time will tell. Is it conservative or not? There's so many different things we have to look at and evaluate. Dual bands, for example, this year the Wi-Fi. That's driven much more buying. That's in the base now. So the next round of testers aren't going to quad bands. So there isn't that extra jump. So we sort of -- because of that, we're -- we see that might be a little bit of an anchor, but then we see balloons in terms of cellular as well as unit growth. So there's so many things in the stew that we look at that it could be up, could be flat. And we just thought at this point, this is what we feel quite confident with, and we don't want to put numbers forth that we're not quite confident with.
Gregory R. Beecher: Great. I think the trend will be positive, there because obviously it's a new standard, and existing testers don't support that. So you need to buy a new tester. And often you find test times are longer. Anytime you can get more through, I'll call it a pipe, there's more to test, whether its more channels, more signals so test times are likely to go up, and you need new testers. So I do think that's a very favorable trend and that's going to play out over quite a few years, the LTE. That's not going at a rapid pace right now.
