Michael A. Bradley: Good morning, everyone, and thanks for being with us again today. As you can see from our release last night, we posted solid results in the second quarter and we're guiding revenues and profits up slightly in the third quarter. The seasonal pattern in the Semiconductor Test cycle gets some of the credit for the uplift so far this year. But we've also had good market share momentum in SemiTest, both SOC and memory, as well as a strong first half showing from LitePoint. We're well above our operating profit model on the quarter and have also now exceeded that model for the first 6 months of the year, offsetting the naturally slower start to the year that we saw. On the longer arc, this is the 16th straight quarter within the black results for us and that's despite the roller coaster of demand that characterizes most of our markets. I should also note that, as outlined coming into the year, we're increasing our R&D investments for long-term growth, so these first half results show the continued resiliency of our model. I'd remind you that we're operating in a CapEx environment that is lower than last year due to less robust spending for mobility applications, which affects both our SemiTest and LitePoint business units. The SOC test market is running about $400 million below the first half numbers of last year, so we continue to expect a lower overall SOC test market for the full year, closer to the low end of the $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion we've outlined in our last 2 calls. Our momentum in SOC test is very good as we've registered back-to-back increases of nearly 40% in bookings through the first 2 quarters of the year. Wireless and power management continue as bright spots, coupled with a very strong surge in microcontroller and digital probe applications. You'll recall that we've introduced the new model of our J750 test system with higher frequency and pin count this year. That new model is up and running and helped us post our best J750 order rate in 3 years and our second highest quarterly total in over 8 years. Memory test has been another bright spot, with our 6-month order total exceeding the 2012 yearly total. As performance requirements in NAND and DRAM increase, we're well positioned with the Magnum and the UltraFLEX M systems. Note that we're expecting the total memory test market to again be in the $400 million to $500 million ballpark, the bottom line being that we should outgrow the market by a good bit this year. At this point, I'd add that in SemiTest, our customer report card hit a notable milestone as we were awarded first place in the VLSI Research Supplier survey. While we've been a top performer in the test sector in the past, this year we topped the ranks of all semicap suppliers, so a good acknowledgment of our SemiTest organization from field to factory on this achievement. Turning to LitePoint. Orders for the first half were just under $200 million, which is down from the $230 million we saw last year. Greg will go into some detail on our LitePoint business, but the lower book level makes sense to us given the aggressive tooling last year, the digestion of those capital additions and the more muted product ramps in the consumer mobility space. We're very pleased to have broken into the larger cellular test segment already this year as that gives us an expanded addressable market going forward. Now our defense business remained steady through the first half despite the downward pressure of the sequester. There, we expect single-digit percentage grow in that business this year with a solid business model underlying it. The only soft spot in the portfolio is in storage test, where tooling for both 2.5 inch and 3.5 inch drives is very slow. While we've achieved production bias this year in the 3.5-inch space with the new platform, the capacity at horizon is pretty cloudy. So we've gotten more pessimistic about revenue levels in that sector as the year has progressed. In summary, the trajectory of our top line is good, albeit, against some headwinds in market size, and the performance in the bottom line continues to stand out. The new product rollouts are tracking to plan, our R&D pipeline has been strengthened, and our market share position should stand up well through the year end. On balance, a good set of results at the halfway pole. Now let me turn it back to Greg.
Michael A. Bradley: As we said, we don't want to give any information to competitors, so we're not going to break that split up. We had said that cellular order was meaningful, significant, it wasn't small. So it was an important order but we don't want to quantify it. And we have said some time ago, that we would not be surprised if the connectivity market was smaller, which it is this year. So everything is somewhat consistent from what we've thought. But yes, the connectivity market is a bit smaller than we -- what we might have thought 6 months ago.
Michael A. Bradley: It will be down considerably. If you go back the last 2 years, '12 and '11, we've averaged just over $125 million a year. And that's the number we also need to hit our 50% model profit rate. This year, the demand will be down -- or shipments will be down quite considerably, under $50 million. And the key thing for us as we've talked about is getting into the cloud-based 3.5-inch testers and we expect to have some shipments of those in the second half of the year.
Michael A. Bradley: Mehdi, I'll take that. In putting a range of what's possible, if you look at the seasonal patterns, obviously Q4 is the low revenue period. But the seasonal patterns, what happens in the second half is also affected by how much buying happened in the first half. I think you tend to find the falloffs are sharper if the first half was stronger. But there's so many factors that get into these projections. It's we've learned a long time ago that we can't really forecast, so what we do is we forecast our supply line, how long it takes to get certain material and make sure we have capacity to ramp.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, let me take that one. So, yes, there's a large installed base of connectivity test equipment that is not AC capable. At the same time, the new devices that are introduced this year, actually, a very small percentage of the devices that need to be tested are AC capable. So the only point about obsolescence would be, in future years, that installed base will need to be refreshed. But the interesting trend this year is customers are installing equipment that is AC capable, even though the devices they're testing may not have AC in them. So the incremental capacity that's being installed in 2013 will not go obsolete, but all the prior-year stuff will.
Michael A. Bradley: I think at pricing, nothing significant has changed there. We haven't seen any major impact from the yen in the sort of competitive environment or on pricing. The share picture for the year has been trending favorable to us. We're, on the SOC test side, up in the first half of the year, 5 or 6 points of share. And in memory, we're up about 10 points of share. A lot of that is because, in the memory side, it's mainly due to real customers shifting to Teradyne products for high-speed DRAM and high-speed FLASH testing. So it's a good, good story in memory, albeit a smaller market than SOC. In SOC, about half of that share gain is due to segments that Teradyne doesn't participate in coming down dramatically, like microprocessors. And the other half is due to real share gains that we've had, real customers shifting business.
Michael A. Bradley: Okay, I'll take a shot at that. The market this year in Wireless Test is probably down on the order of 15% to 20%, would be our estimate, although it's a very difficult market to be precise in around share, but that's our estimate. Our overall share within that downmarket, we think, is up into -- from what was the low 20s to maybe the mid- to high-20s for the year. So that's the '13 tale of the tape. And as we think about '14, we did see in '13 a lot of digestion around the equipment that was put in place over the past sort of 12-month period, but the dynamics of what's happening in, whether it's handsets, tablets, the Internet of things, testing, is that the complexity of the test environment in Wireless Systems Test is increasing dramatically. So we expect the market to just go back to a growth scenario next year. Inclusion of AC will be more dominant next year. That will involve more extensive testing. MIMO technologies will find its way into more products, that's also more extensive testing. Not only the traditional sort of electrical testing that's done, but more and more over-the-air testing will be needed to optimize these end products for interference, multiple antennas trying to communicate simultaneously. So they see a lot of technological growth in the end products looking into '14 that will return this market to a growth picture.
Michael A. Bradley: No, I think, we're not going to comment on any specific customer. But in general, buying is driven by the need to test units. And so the macro budgeting of CapEx, something like a semiconductor fab, might be something that could be delayed in time as an investment. But if a certain number of units need to be shipped, then a certain amount of test capacity is needed to ship those units. And the bulk of what's been installed this year has truly been for incremental capacity, not so much for obsolescence.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. So the existing capacity that's out there certainly will be applicable to the 20-nanometer node and below. So it will be transitioned over. On the other hand, unit volume growth and complexity growth will drive incremental capacity. And there's a couple of trends that aren't directly related to the new nodes that affect test, that Greg highlighted a few of them. But one of them is devices start to be stacked more and more, the dyes are stacked, whether that's 2.5-D or 3D stacking, testing at probe becomes a more critical need to get good yield for the stack and not have to throw away a lot of value add. And so that's going to drive a new dynamic in test where probe testing will become a much higher performance test node and require a much more sophisticated system level- type testing strategy to weed out defects. That's kind of where we've been focusing our product development, is making that capability built into our UltraFLEX line of testers. So it's less the nodes themselves. The nodes, for example, 28 nanometers generated some yield issues that required a bit more test capacity that then gets optimized in follow-on periods as that yield gets improved. Similar things could happen, little bubbles like that for 20 and below, but the sustainable driver of demand will be unit growth and then complexity growth.
Michael A. Bradley: Okay. It's both sides for us. I think on the DRAM side, it's the Mobility, healthy DDR buying. And on the NAND side, it's the high-performance or higher-speed NAND testing. So we're seen an uplift on both sides. That's what's given us a bit more in business in the first half of year than we had all of last year. So we're intersecting that pretty well.
Michael A. Bradley: Like I was saying earlier, we think that in the next few years, the increasing number of antennas and the complexity of the wireless standards that will be embedded in mobile devices will drive growth -- unit growth and market growth in Wireless Test. And LitePoint is now positioned well in both -- all aspects of those RF standards. So it's really, if you looked at the phone technology in 2013 and tablets, there's been very slow migration to new standards in those products compared to the prior year. But if we look into '14 and '15, NFC will be pervasive, LTE and LTE Advance with carrier aggregation will come into play. We'll see MIMO technology in tablets and eventually some high-end phones. All of that's going to drive test quality and test coverage issues to ensure end-user experience is as expected.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, so this year, it came down -- will be down, we believe, from last year's $2.5 billion, $2.6 billion level. And next year, we think it's going to bounce back probably into that $2.4 billion, $2.5 billion level. The only persistent dynamic change in consumption for SOC is we believe that the microprocessor testing segment in SOC will be very nominal for several years to come. So that piece of the market has systemically gone away, we believe. It's not a segment that affects us per se but it does affect the market to the tune of maybe a couple of hundred million dollars a year.
Michael A. Bradley: Memory, well our view is even though memory has picked up a bit here, the trend line -- the first half is very weak in shipments and that the market will probably be in that $450 million to $500 million range next year as well.
Michael A. Bradley: On SemiTest, the thing that -- if you compare this year to last year, mobility is certainly strong again. RF testing for semiconductors is very strong here in the first half. The other thing that's new this year is the J750 for microcontrollers. Microcontrollers have turned on dramatically, and we've had almost a record level first half unit demand for the J750 product. Now as we look toward the back half of the year, what we've typically seen, certainly in Mobility, is the cyclical decline in third and fourth quarter. And we're not trying to prognosticate anything different than what we've seen historically. The J750's a bit of a wildcard. What happens there in the second half of the year, that one doesn't have the same sort of seasonal pattern that the other Mobility market does. So that one's a little bit more difficult for us to call. And then what we said earlier on LitePoint is LitePoint does have a seasonal pattern that's pretty clear over the year. The second half of the year typically is a slower period for new orders and we don't expect it to be any different. But as Greg mentioned, the dynamics of that market are beyond a few months, very difficult for us to forecast. And we are prepared to respond either way if demand picks up.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. As I said before, microcontrollers are strong. Analogue is a bit weak relative to last year. So that is an area that's been a little bit weaker. And those are the major sort of segments: Analogue, microcontrollers and mobility. So mobility, strong. If anything, the absence in mobility this year that's more been on the digital applications processor capacity adds, have been down from last year. But the RF test had -- have been about on par with last year.
Gregory R. Beecher: I'll start with the second and first, Tim. We're not going to break out connectivity and cellular. We much prefer, going forward, to talk about it as a total, but the cellular break-in was quite significant and we've commented on that before that it was quite meaningful. I'll let Mark take the first part -- first question.
Gregory R. Beecher: The last thing I'd stress, it's very hard for us to forecast LitePoint wireless test. As I said in my prepared remarks, even at the midway point. We can get surprise on the positive or even on the negative. So stay tuned. The key thing for us is we focus on cellular test and we've got very good traction there.
Gregory R. Beecher: Typically, they have to be -- there's lots of qualification runs done leading up to mass production. But typically, the units get installed 4 weeks to 6 weeks before the big ramp.
Gregory R. Beecher: I think we're really knitting together all of the projections that we started the year with, which was we expected a down SOC market, we expected a roughly flat, maybe at this point now, very slightly, but not significantly of memory market. I think the -- so in the whole SOC and memory space, we're really confirming that our annual projections there of a lower than $2.5 million year in SOC makes sense to us, and a $400 million to $500 million market in memory also makes sense. And that all requires the kind of seasonal configuration that we've seen in prior years.
Gregory R. Beecher: I'll take that. I think the answer to that question. If, in fact, we saw a 40% drop quarter-on-quarter in bookings, the market would probably trend below the Q2.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, I think anything is possible like that. We're not -- that's why we're not being explicit in trying to call Q4. So the hypothesis you have isn't unreasonable. It would be slightly different than patterns in prior years. That's all we're saying.
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. We've given you obviously the first 2 quarters and you see our guidance for the third quarter and we tried to provide a slide that showed the bookings trend on our website for our largest business, SOC test, which generally shows that the third quarter bookings, because it's tied to the annual consumer patterns, those bookings are down between 20% or 60%. It can range quite a bit. And then therefore that means lower fourth quarter revenue. That's also difficult to be too precise at this point because there's other things that could have some impact on otherwise a normal seasonal pattern. But best we can say right now is we think that normal seasonal patterns will hold. And if there's greater demand, we'll be ready for it. We have stage inventory and parts to respond to any better news than something other than normal seasonal demand.
Gregory R. Beecher: I'll take that one. This is Greg. We have gained share this year, so we feel very good about the products that we have, how they're designed and the efficiencies and their throughput, they're production-optimized testers. We're probably unique in that having more of a solutions production-optimized tester with an emphasis added. And we expect LitePoint margins to stay above the company's average. So we think that's going to be intact for many years to come. So we feel good about margins and the product.
Gregory R. Beecher: Sure. Our gross margins at LitePoint will be consistent with our model for LitePoint and above the company average. So LitePoint will do well and we don't want to get any more specific than that in terms of those percentages. But you can see some of the information in our footnote was segment in our 10-Q or 10-K, I think you'll see that LitePoint for the year will operate above the company model.
Gregory R. Beecher: We had a chunk of service business come in this quarter on an annual contract that gets renegotiated in the second quarter. And that's recognized over a 12-month period.
