Greg Beecher: Jim hi this is Greg. Thank you for the congratulations. You can see in our guidance of about $400 million thereabouts, there is some backlog that’s been build. Some of the backlog has to do with a new product that acceptance is required a significant amount, and we are assuming that acceptance occurs in the third quarter, we will start shipping that product in the second quarter, but some of it is just due to the timing of when you can recognize revenue with a new product.
Greg Beecher: Well it’s all tied to unit volume Jim, and I think that the major thing that we’ve seen in this cycle has been the heavy reuse of the existing equipment. As you know the by rate by rate in memory has traditionally been about 50% higher than it has been in SOC. So in the downturn there has really been extra capacity there and that part of the industry is just focused more and more on trying to reuse the existing equipment as that gets loaded here, as growth in unit volumes go up that will trigger some buying, but as you can see from that chart I think its up off the bottom, but if you annualize those numbers its still well below any of the last five years.
Greg Beecher: I think you’ll see some buying. I don’t think that this rate that the memory CapEx is reflecting now in that chart that we show there will stay flat, think it will go up. It’s very tough to call the slope though.
Greg Beecher: Raj, first on the HDD side, that’s a second half story from a revenue standpoint for us. As we talked about last quarter have an effort underway to expand to more than one customer, we are in the evaluation process to try to do that. I would think about that as also, obviously a second half story if we are successful on that. So that’s our objective and we hope to be able to deliver on something on that in the second half of this year. On the share side, let me put it in perspective over the last few years. In SOC if we go back three or four years we were mid-30s in share and moved that up in ‘08 to just over 40% and held our share position in 2009 around 41% share in SOC. Now, we think that, and it’s on a much smaller, obvious on a much smaller test market of about $1.3 million. We are pretty optimistic that we are going to gain some ground this year, how much I’m not sure, but the hold at 41% last year was done without much real contribution from the microcontroller segment, from the image sensor segment, from the digital wafer probe segment. So holding last year was actually in retrospect to pretty good accomplishment. So, we are hopeful we can get a couple of points share this year, but we won’t know that until we have a few quarters under our belt.
Greg Beecher: No, I wouldn’t assume that. What happened in the first quarter is we had favorable mix, so we are little bit higher than we would normally expect and in the second quarter we are assuming a more normal mix. The other thing that is happening, it’s just the simple math as the sales get higher, the incremental drop through moves the percentages less as the numbers get bigger. So it’s those two things that are happening and to be at 53%, this level of sales is consistent with our model.Krish Sankar – Bank of America–Merrill Lynch: Okay, and just to touch on the market shares for SOC. If I just take your 1Q and 2Q run rate for the SOC business for a $2 billion year. If you try to extrapolate it we might end up at a 50% market share, unless there is some slow down in the second half. Is that a fare enough way to look at it, assuming you go from a 41% to 45%. Still those are going to be some kind of a slowdown, because this run rate is probably a little too aggressive.
Greg Beecher: This is Greg. Normal for us would probably be six to eight weeks and it can obviously vary quiet a bit depending upon how many systems in the configuration, but six to eight I would say is normal, and last quarter you it was about 10. I think something during this quarter end we’ll probably work our way back to 10 or under 10 by the end of the quarter.
Greg Beecher: Satya, I think it’s very common when there is a big drive on a product for competitors to say there is a window of opportunity that they can get in. Honestly, we haven’t seen a lot of that. We are expanding the capacity very dramatically to keep our lead times in check. The 750 lead times are amongst the highest that we have got, but they are now coming down, and as we get through this quarter, we will see lead times in the third quarter that will be lower than they are in Q2, independent of volume; because we are going to be in triple digits of shipments of that product.
Greg Beecher: We don’t have that. From a unit standpoint it’s obviously bigger than dollars, but if we can dig that out as we talk here, we will insert that.
Greg Beecher: All of those techniques are being applied, because the memory customers are looking at the CapEx rate and memory relative to SOC and they are seeing that even with greater variety SOC, the SOC market has had a more productive test asset. So they are driving a variety of techniques. Many of the ones that you described are in place, and then there is a group force thing on making sure the utilization is just pushed and pushed. I think the way that I would approach this is to say, what if the market in memory has been north of $1 billion in the number of years in the last five or six years, so the way we model it is we say, if it gets back -- and right now I think its running at about annualized, running at about a $300 million rate, up from $200 million last year. So if it’s a $500 million market and we are trying to get a 20% share, that’s $100 million for us. If it works its way incrementally back up to $1 billion, our hope is that we could have 20% plus in that environment. So rather than call exactly how big the market is, which we have sized an investment and we have got two product lines that are attacking that, that we hope to be able to deliver between $100 million and $200 million business, depending upon how that market does shape up.
Greg Beecher: We have got the quarterly buy rates here. I will talk for a minute and then Andy if you can dig that number out. Gary, its a lit bit of a review of the numbers I was pumping out just a minute ago. I think you are asking comparatively how does buy rates stack up, and is it overheated; that’s the essence of where you are heading right?Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co.: Actually, I don’t think its over heated. I agree, buy rates are still pretty low, but in terms of absolute dollar value, we are getting to that $500 million kind of order, kind of level. I was just wondering how does this year in terms of the first half look and feel differently from the first half of 2004, more of a qualitative kind of stand.
Greg Beecher: Yes, well lets see. I’m having a little trouble remembering the beginning of 2000. Ask me a 1984 question, I’d probably know. One of the things that are happening now, there is clearly a very broad and strong demand, heavy optimism in our customers about their projections for unit growth and new product introduction. I think one of the big things that’s different between 2004 and now is that the OSAT’s don’t buy the way they did in 2004 now, that was a built newer environment. It is far more thoughtful now and tied much more to commitments from their customers. So you don’t have the built-in bubble from the OSAT side of the equation, but when you are in an up market everybody does feel good, so we are very careful about whether there’s any double ordering as we were asked a few minutes ago, or whether there was some exuberance in the market. We are certainly seeing strength, but we are not seeing the signs of double ordering. The other thing I comment on is, there has really been quite a significant decommissioning in this cycle of older generation equipment, and even though customers do want to squeeze out as much as they can out of fully depreciated assets, they really decommissioned a number systems; as much as if I take a combination of complete decommissioning and low utilization, that could have eaten as much as 30% or 40% into the cumulative installed base of legacy equipment. So a bit of this buying here is offensive buying to get on with the new generation of product, and it’s filling in a little bit of that hole that exists because of the heavy decommissioning in the cycle. I think that’s different from 2004 as well.Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay. The other thing I’ll just point is probably on a OSAT percentage of the booking side of the house. I mean the 36% or 32% last quarter, its still a pretty tame percentage and your product profile is broader and stronger than it’s been ever before certainly compared to 2004, I would guess.
Greg Beecher: That would be correct. Our gross margins have come down, but the operating expenses are already in the P&L, so while gross margins come down we have higher revenue and it drops to the bottom line. We have shown on our website some time ago that if the mix is heavy, hard disk drive, HSM, say 80% mix of that business in a sales growth perspective, and 20% SOC to drop through playing around 35% versus 52 % in that neighborhood, but obviously its upside to EPS, upside to income, but its going to throw off some of the percentages.Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, but that hasn’t changed over the last three to six months, that’s been the same case.
Greg Beecher: It’s the same case and we are much closer to having the HDD achieving its target margin profile. We were behind as the new product came out. We think we are in much better shape to get that on its model, which is different in semi-test model, but it has its own model. We think we can get it to that model in 2010.Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, great; and congratulations on the Q1 result, thanks.
Greg Beecher: We weren’t planning on breaking that up, but I can just tell you that it is very significant, the contribution. In the first quarter, we certainly would be below last Q2 2008 P5 significant amount if those businesses weren’t with us, so it’s a very significant impact, but if we prefer not to break that out. I would prefer to keep it at the SOC and memory level.
Greg Beecher: Well, there is always that concern, and I think that’s why on the fixed cost side we are not ramping the fixed cost structure up. Its not because we are anticipating this digestion and dramatic fall off, it’s because our business model doesn’t require it. I do think we will have some digestion, but if you look at the utilization rates, Q3 and Q4 has been pretty strong ramp, Q1 on top of it has been pretty strong, and even with that amount of new capacity going in, the customers are putting them online immediately and are getting very, very high utilization. So, its really a function of will the unit volumes continuing to grow, and will their forecast continue to strengthen that we’ll have the impact as the whether there is any pause in the digestion. But again, as I come back to this, I think there is a scenario here; the probability of a sharp fall-off starting in the third quarter. It doesn’t look to us that way based upon metrics like moving average of the buy rate, as well as the appetite of a series of customers to bring additional capacity on in the third quarter.
Greg Beecher: Hi guys, this is Greg. Yes, they are. The fact that we were at 10 weeks in the first quarter despite the incredible ramp we had on average I think is very positive in terms of how our supply line guys were able to get the necessary parts. There was extraordinary wall room effort to pull that off. I think lead times are likely to move out a little now, but we expect to pull them right back in; some what like we did last quarter. When we started the quarter, we thought lead times could be a little beyond 10, but we ended up at 10, and our normal is six to eight, so we are not that far out the range right now. So we are going to do everything we humanly can and our suppliers are making good progress. So we see that we are making progress everyday. Occasionally we will set back, but we tend to recover very fast. So we are feeling very good about where we are on the supply line and have more work to do, but we are confident that we will meet our customers’ expectations.
Greg Beecher: It’s been all over the map, there is no one thing. What I will say is that typically in an upturn you would expect it to be the custom parts more than the commodity parts. It has been both in this case. The model we got is that our manufacturing partner Flextronics handles the vast majority of the commodity parts. We still have a supply line organization both in the US and based in their plant. That really goes after the custom parts, and we were very much in a partnership to make sure that the supply line is responding, but if not anyone thing, its been a mixture of tough components.
Greg Beecher: In the last few years, the seasonality has been stronger Q2 and Q3 buying, and if you go back far enough, then it used to be more of a Q4 buying, but I think the pattern of the last couple of cycles with everything else being equal, no fouls in the world economies and so on, you would see highest demand in the second and third quarter. I think this is exceptional in the first quarter because of the convergence of so many things of the low low super low buy rates that preceded this, the decommissioning of products, and a return of some very strong optimism across the customer front.
Greg Beecher: We do it with a subset of customers. It’s certainly greater than five and less than 15. So I think in the mid to high single digits it is what I’d say. That’s very off the cuff. You said it was a hard question and you are getting a lousy answer.
Greg Beecher: I think the last point Mike made is, different from the past when an OSAT is putting an order in, we go back to the specifier to find out “Are you the guy driving that demand? Are you putting that demand anywhere else too?” So we get confidence that it is only going to that one OSAT, and the specifier isn’t also planning on getting off another OSAT, and the OSAT’s tend to buy it after they know they have the business. They don’t buy it in advance or book it in advance. So we check with the specifier to make sure it’s a real firm commitment coming our way.
Michael Bradley: I’d let to add one think Jim, as the speeds go up in high speed memory we think that will likely trigger some greater buying, but that’s more of a second half of the year story.
Michael Bradley: I will give you on the bookings side; the OSAT’s are 36%, last quarter 32. We will insert that answer on the fly here as Greg digs it out. Go ahead. Next question and Krish, I’ll come back to you.
Michael Bradley: Satya, we’ll come right back to that. The trajectory of orders was -- the thing that’s set out in the first quarter was that the trajectory of orders continued up in terms of a funnel forecast through the quarter, but it did not have anything exceptional with back end rush. If anything, it was stead all the way through, but all consistent up through the quarter. The between the lines question or the thing you asked is double ordering. Maybe I can answer it this way. Of the top 20 flex customers, just as an anecdote, the top 20 flex customers, 80% of those customers bought in the first quarter, and we see them coming back in about the same rate in the second quarter. So if there were double ordering, I don’t think we’d see that breadth of continued demand.
Michael Bradley: No, I was just talking about the breadth of participation. I can’t make a call here as to whether they’ll order more or less; obviously they ordered a lot in the first quarter, but the sign of a return for incremental ordering from a broad set of customers I think is one indication that there is not likely any double ordering. And we are very careful as we work with customers, as we are trying to populate a slot plan here that we don’t have double ordering, that you might see in all sense.
Michael Bradley: To follow-up on your earlier question, the J750 in the first quarter was 13% of semi-test sales, or 11% of total company sales in the first quarter.
Michael Bradley: I think Gary your point of product profile I think is spot on, because we have eagle test now and eagle test is performing very strong. We also have Nextest, which has a good SOC test system as well. So some of the acquisitions have made a significant impact in terms of our bookings and sales.Gary Hsueh – Oppenheimer & Co.: Okay, great. A kind of follow-up question for you Greg. You talked about how high speed memory test and hard disk drive test represent basically upside to the mid cycle model. In terms of profitability, I just wanted to kind of get reset in terms of what our expectation level should be in the second half or hard disk drive test, since the margins I guess over the last year have improved considerably. I mean is this still a case where it’s maybe dilutive on a gross margin basis, but net neutral or maybe even slightly accretive on the operating margin line, the 20% operating margin level.
Michael Bradley: This is Michael. We mentioned in our last call and I will reiterate that the range of buying from a sizeable HDD customer in a 12-month period could range anywhere from $40 million to $60 million a year; that depends really on the timing of their tooling and so on, but if you thought about a CapEx rate, that would be a good shorthand to use. So our hope would be, that if we can bring another one into the fold, that we would have the ability to get about that same amount from a second customer.
Michael Bradley: It would be similar margins, it would help us cover the fixed cost, so it would improve the bottom line, but the gross margin percent would look the same.
Michael Bradley: Patrick, its Mike. I was careful not to say that they are buying at the same rate, because we don’t know exactly what they are going to be buying in quantities this quarter. I was trying to comment that the breadth of participation of the top 20 customers, 16, 17 of those customers bought in the first quarter, and I gave you a segment which was only flex us and I wasn’t trying to disguise it’s. It’s just that we do that careful analysis on the flex line. So you are going to have the 80% of them buying here in the second quarter.
Michael Bradley: Yes Patrick, the recap on what we talked about last quarter was because of the acceptance process, the SAD101 process, and in fact we had a totally brand new first generation product. We described our ‘09 revenue was having more than ‘09s worth of buying in it. It was one and a half to two years worth of buying as you saw in our 10-K. So if you do just numerical comparison with one customer buying; if one year has two years worth buying, then the next year would obviously be smaller and that was the signal we are trying to give last quarter. I would say with the strength in the markets with the tooling that’s going on, each customer could buy in that range I described and hopefully could be at the high end of that range given the expansion in the HDD market itself.
Michael Bradley: Atif, we don’t pay much attention to book-to-bill and that sounds like a good answer to you, but we are looking at our capacity plan and as Greg said, trying to make sure we get our lead times back in a little bit, and maybe that’s just the way of asking us what we think our bookings are going to be in the second quarter, and we don’t forecast the bookings, but I would say that from a tonal standpoint, the customer still remain more optimistic than they are showing signs of caution.
Michael Bradley: I will keep alive the tradition that when you have longer lead times you should blame your suppliers. I think that’s what customers do and we have already said we had some supply constraints, but I don’t think that the OSAT double ordering that you saw in the ‘04 cycle, you did not see in the ‘08 cycle, and we don’t feel like we are seeing it now. There is a very tightly connected royalty or specifiers who are going to drive business at the OSAT’s, talk to us about their capacity plans, and we talk to the OSAT’s. So there is a triangulation process that tends to identify things if they are on top of extra super buying, on top of what the real demand is. We could get fooled, but I think that we have a reasonably good handle on that.
Olga Vincent - Barclays Capital: Hi, this is Olga Vincent calling in for CJ, thank you for taking my question. In terms of your HDD outlook and given the significant portion of that in your current backlog; assuming you don’t get a second customer, can you talk about the magnitude of revenues there on some range for the second half of the year.
Olga Vincent - Barclays Capital: Okay and if you do get the second customer would that impact in any way the gross margin profile for that business, or pretty common platform there would mean similar margins.
Olga Vincent - Barclays Capital: Got it, and then for the new product that’s currently included in your backlog, which you will begin to ship in the second quarter and really revenue in the third quarter. Is there a magnitude that you can talk about that’s currently in your backlog.
