Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. Thanks for the question. I think test complexity, transistor count isn't the only proxy for test complexity. In a lot of devices, test complexity grows through functional complexity that doesn't scale directly with transistor. So different modes, for example, in a RF SOC device for lots of LTE Advanced would be 1 example of an increasing complexity, could be a tripling or a quadrupling of complexity in that device, but it doesn't necessarily mean a quadrupling or a tripling of complexity of transistors. So for a lot of mixed signal and analog devices, I don't think there's a correlation. On the digital front, there is more of a correlation, but, in fact, if you look at the proliferation of transistors in apps processors, it's been on a tremendous curve that's exceeded the rate of proliferation even in conventional MPUs in the past 5 years. And I think that trend in terms of marketplace proliferation will continue for the rest of the decade. What happens beyond the end of the decade with limitations and scaling down below 10 nanometers or 7 nanometers, I think, is a reasonable question. But in all likelihood, in that case, what will happen is stack dies or multi die packages will become the proxy for increasing transistor complexity and still drive test intensity.
Mark E. Jagiela: We don't typically guide shipments for the fourth quarter. SemiTest will clearly be the strongest segment. So I'll leave it at that.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, actually, Tim, the Moore's law effect, I think, will continue through the rest of the decade. And that, as I mentioned, gives us about a 30% reduction in, let's say, CapEx per test site every 3 to 4 years, and I don't think that will change for the rest of this decade. The parallelism on the other hand is the area where there is diminishing returns. And a combination of the next step in parallelism having a smaller impact on our market and a bit of a slowing down of that effect is the thing that's ameliorating. And when you put the 2 together, by far the biggest impact of the 2 has been the Moore's law effect, but the mere reduction in the parallelism effect takes that 3% negative CAGR to something on the order of a 3% to 5% growth.
Mark E. Jagiela: And then on the wireless question, you're right. I think, certainly, with the market in the $600 million, $700 million range, having 5 large suppliers is too much supply into that market. So there will be a period of shakeout and digestion here. So what we look for in that is are we securing higher rates of adoption than our competitors, so that when it does sort out, we emerge as the dominant supplier of whatever is left standing. And that's the progress we've been making. A year ago, in 2013, we ended the year with essentially our first major designing for LTE cellular testing. And we sit here today going into the fourth quarter with 8 of the top 10 smartphone manufacturers having adopted the LitePoint cellular platform. So we're making progress. It will be a couple of years to sort out, there's is no doubt in my mind. But if we have the most innovative products and demonstration of that is increasing market share, then we believe we'll emerge at the end of that as one of the major players.
Mark E. Jagiela: Sure. It's a good point that various segments inside SOC test will reach this diminishing returns point and parallel test at different rate. So certainly, in the what I would call complex analog SOC device case, those might be things like RF transceivers and power management. Those kinds of devices, I think, are at that point. Applications processors, very high content digital, are also reaching that point. On the other hand, if you look at things such as automotive power, electronics, I don't believe they've reached that point yet. They are still probably several years to go before there is that diminishing return curve. But if you jump it way up, roughly, I would say half to 2/3 of the market is in a phase of diminishing returns. And what I said in the remarks is that if you then work that out for the rest of the decade, we see a 3% to 5% growth. So a negative 3% shrink moving to a 3% to 5% growth. On a $2.2 billion market, that's roughly an extra $100 million a year of market growth on average. And if Teradyne is at 50% market share, that's about $50 million, $55 million of incremental revenue to us. And given the drop through on that business, it translates to about $0.10 per share of earnings on an annual basis. Now, of course, any given year, if you've been around the industry, you know the swings in the market size are quite dramatic. So both on the compression side and from here on out the growth side, these are trend lines that, I think, are averages. And what happens in 1 year versus the next, I bet, will still be noisy.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, for 2015, it's tough sitting here today to get a good read on that, but I'll give a little bit of color. Certainly, we think that the storage test area will be an opportunity for a turnaround in growth. The repositioning we've done for solid-state drive testing and cloud based testing has both resulted in order volume in the second half of the year to get us back to profit. We do see that momentum picking up in terms of orders as we get towards the end of the year and into next year. So that's one area that'll be incrementally positive. I think production board test will be positive. I think the LitePoint business will also be positive. So the real thing that's hard to read right now is SemiTest, because what we said earlier is we had abnormally large tooling year in 2014 around applications processors. We don't expect -- it's possible, but we don't expect that, that in and of itself will repeat next year. On the other hand, there are certain segments this year that were uncharacteristically weak that are strengthening. An example of that might be the area of image sensor testing. Image sensors show up, of course, in handsets, but they also show up in automotive and other applications. We see that picking up dramatically next year. We see automotive, which was strong all year, continuing to build strength. So it could very well be that the emergence of those relatively quiet markets will offset what we expect to be a decline in apps processors. And the one thing that could turn on apps processors for us, that could make it a much larger year next year would be if the market penetration of the premium smartphones in China is high. If the places where our SemiTest business is strong around apps processors finds high penetration in China, that could be an upside.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, I think, one of the things that's a bit unique, actually, just to extend that is, yes, they're highly utilized right now, and uncharacteristically, we will see some additional capacity bought here in our fourth quarter for that kind of segment, which traditionally in the fourth quarter we would not see. So there is actually some momentum carrying forward here into fourth. But I really have to believe that like prior years, the production ramp will slow down a bit in Q1. There won't be additional capacity in Q1, as there hasn't been in past years, and that the next phase, when it emerges, would be more toward the May, June timeframe.
Mark E. Jagiela: I'd say on the semi side, for example, one of the lowest cost communications standards out there is Bluetooth. And Bluetooth has been a sweet spot of our whole Wireless Test side of SemiTest. It's certainly a less complex standard than something like an RF, LTE or a WiFi Combo chip. So the test intensity for what will emerge in the Internet of Things around Bluetooth will be lower. On the other hand, when you look at things like machine-to-machine communication in industrial environments, which will more likely be over WiFi or more smart utility applications that will be over LTE Advanced, that will fuel the same level of complexity and technology that you see in smartphones in those applications and that will be a benefit.
Mark E. Jagiela: They dual source invariably. They usually have 3 vendors, and they'll pick 2. And as we're the new guy and we tend to be the innovator, they choose us because they see we can deliver much more than they would otherwise get. But they start us off with the small amount of the purchase, whether that's 10% or some number like that. So we get the low running product. The incumbent gets the bigger running product, but we would expect over a number of couple of years, we could move up our share. So the key thing strategically for us this year at LitePoint was to get into these LTE Asian accounts, and we've secured 8 of them this year. So it was a very good year for us. But the business starts slow, but I think in a couple of years or a year, we should be in much better shape.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, I didn't try to project next year. What did I say is if, I believe, that you go off of a nominal market size of about $2.2 billion, that between now and the end of the decade when we're done, if you run a compound annual growth rate through that, it will be in that 3% to 5% range. So we are going to over time see that sort of trend line. Just like on the downside, it hasn't been a year-over-year, some years are up and down dramatically, 20%, 25% year-over-year, but the trend line has been unfortunately negative. I expect to see that reverse for the next 5 or 6 years.
Mark E. Jagiela: We're very confident that we have secret sauce, and that's a new application, NFC, we do the radiated testing. Because we work with a key customer, with their engineers and develop a solution that works for their needs. We have other -- I think I said in last call, we've other tricks up our sleeve, but we don't announce them publicly. But there is other things we can do that are on our roadmap, that we see will help our customers. What happens, unfortunately though as we do that, the customers says to the competitors, do what LitePoint does. So they're constantly chasing us, but we tend to be 6 months, 9 months ahead. These are very fast product cycles, but we expect we'll continue to be ahead. We are clearly the production optimized, easy-to-use, out-of-the-box leader. So I do think on the production side -- not the R&D side. So a lot of our competitors are much stronger on the R&D preproduction side. They're going to win over there. We're not really chasing that. But on the production side, I do believe that's where our DNA is and our innovation, and we've got more we can unleash.
Mark E. Jagiela: So it's not integrated into a cellar product. It's a standalone product, which in terms of again optimizing efficiency for that new test insertion is the best economic way to go about testing NFC. Right now, it's somewhat of an emerging communication connectivity standard in handsets. As it becomes more mission critical, we expect that the market for that will grow. And today, this year being, I would say, a -- we launched the product in January this year at Mobile World Congress. And when we look at the tail of the tape at the end of the year, we'll probably end up in the 40% to 50% share of NFC test this year.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. Well, I think at the beginning of the year, there was a lot of optimism and some actual forecast that perhaps China LTE shipments could be in excess of 100 million units for the year. As the year has played out, it certainly is beginning to pick up now, there is no doubt. Maybe getting up to a run rate of in excess of 10 million units a month. But as Greg mentioned, the design-ins that we've secured have given us some participation in that ramp that's starting now. But we are still the new comer and getting the smaller portion of that ramp. So as the tooling cycles go on, we believe what happens is we prove out the efficiency claims we've made for the ramps here in Q4 as a minority player and then build share and penetration throughout next year.
Mark E. Jagiela: We haven't seen a meaningful change to our operating model. We're still doing quite well percentage wise, but the dollars are far less. So we have a competitive cost structure, very competitive COGS, and our products because they're designed for the product at hand. They are not general-purpose tester or some tester that was started in R&D and then moved to manufacturing. So at one level, the model looks good, but compared to what it could look like if we got some greater growth, then it would be outstanding. So it's a healthy business now with good percentages, and we've expanded the footprint to get into Asia. So that's all built out. We're not hiring there anymore. And now, it's about expanding out these accounts that we've broken out, which is a couple year process.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, I think, it's hard for us to predict which supplier will benefit most from the ramp in China, which is why we've had a pretty broad initiative to get installed as broadly as possible. So 8 out of 10 is really trying to get that footprint to be agnostic to who wins. But we're not indifferent, certain suppliers, if they ramp faster than others, would benefit us. So -- but again, that's something out of our control. The other thing that's happening is the LTE standards in China are something that will roll into a couple hundred million unit annual volume next year is our belief. That's a benefit to the industry and to us. Outside of China, the move to advanced Carrier Aggregation and LTE Advanced standards is another follow [ph] in terms of test complexity coming into the equation. So earlier when I commented that we think a lot of the optimization, which has been severe and very rapid, has run its course, it's sort of looking at those 2 trends, a big jump in China LTE and complex Carrier Aggregation LTE Advanced standards proliferating in the U.S. and elsewhere.
Gregory R. Beecher: I'll take the first part, and I'll give the wireless to you, Mark. Tim, the leases themselves didn't really escalate the market size of our business, because those are rentals, it gets monthly rentals. They are operative leases. So that didn't have a significant impact on our results. But we, certainly, benefit from total applications processor demand, which -- there were are many testers that were sold for that. So I hope that clarifies what you're getting at.
Gregory R. Beecher: I think that's close, Jim. But the capital return discussions continue each quarter, and it's directly tied to what's in our M&A pipeline. And we've a very good and active pipeline. So it's looking at that, how executable do we think that is relative to we see some good opportunities to return capital. So we want to change it to, we can do both versus it's an either or. So that's where we're going to try to focus on in 2015.
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. On the IoT, this would help both Semi and LitePoint. We've got products that are designed for some of the sweet spots. We have very good strength in microcontroller, which is the, sort of, a hub for some of these applications. We're very strong in any of the wireless standards. So we're approaching it both on the SemiTest and the Wireless side. At the Wireless side, we have some unique advantages that our products are easier to use. And in this segment, there'll be many more competitors who don't have a deep engineering capabilities. So they need a very simple, easy-to-use solution. So I think LitePoint has some opportunities there as well. It is hard, having said all that, what does it mean in numbers couple of years down the road, but we do believe we're well positioned to benefit quite nicely from, kind of, whoever there, we're going to be the solution behind the scenes that helps that takeoff.
Gregory R. Beecher: Correct. We're very strong with microcontroller and wireless. So I think we have a huge advantage in the semi side there.
Gregory R. Beecher: I think we said in the prepared remarks that we weren't ready quite to do that. We, certainly, will comment next quarter a little bit more about that.
Gregory R. Beecher: The fourth quarter looks very solid. We have some, as Mark mentioned earlier, we've some business in the fourth quarter that we don't typically get this late in a consumer cycle. So it's a good quarter. Some customers are still pulling quite hard. So we have good visibility, and we expect it to be one of our better fourth quarters. But just in general, when we go into a quarter, as I mentioned, fourth quarter to second quarter can be a 2 to 1 swing in product shipments. So it's quite volatile, but in any given quarter we go in, we're probably, roughly speaking, 1/2 to 2/3 booked and the rest is turns, even at those peak quarters. And that going into fourth quarter is not that different.
Gregory R. Beecher: It's hard to say that right now, but that's the normal seasonal pattern. The only thing that may be a little bit different is fourth quarter is stronger for SemiTest now. So does that has some impact on Q1, we don't know. But some of the business we're seeing in the fourth quarter is above what you normally expect. And we've seen this year some business pulled in and that can affect the subsequent quarters. But it's hard to give you a definitive response on that. We tend to find the seasonal history has a way of repeating itself at different levels, but it tends to repeat itself.
Gregory R. Beecher: I think, let's say, I haven't done the math on the buy rate over the 10 year period. Looking forward in 2014, it's certainly up. It may be up 1/10 of a point or so. But I would expect that to slowly move up over time. The more thing -- the thing we look at more carefully, buy rate, is the correlation to unit volume growth. So the unit volume growth is what really drives our business. The buy rate as a function of semiconductor revenue is less correlated, it turns out, to our business.
