Mark Jagiela: Yes, C.J. We're certainly seeing some of those trends that we highlighted at the end of last year. The real key issue for 2016 will be the level of unit growth and complexity increase. I think on the complexity front, to us, from what we see now, that looks like it will have its normal step function improvement. We'll have to get to closer to 2016 to really understand what the unit volume is going to look like
Mark Jagiela: CJ, the LitePoint pickup in business is the seasonal demand we tend to get at this time of year. We do expect LitePoint to be about the same sales level as last year, given the market size is about similar to last year, so we're very encouraged with this level of bookings but it doesn't significantly change what we expect for the full year and it's just simply the seasonal buying pattern. I did comment in my prepared remarks that the Asia beachheads that they got last year that they broke in, there isn't a whole lot of buying going on there in the non-premium smart phones, so we're hopeful at some point that picks up a bit and we can follow on from those additional design wins.
Mark Jagiela: I would expect over the next two to three years it would expand to the 20% range. So I would not say next year, but I think the year thereafter, thereabouts, we should be getting closer to 20% than we are 15%.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I'd say it's, in terms of device class, it's two classes of devices within memory that are driving our business. One would be the higher speed NAND flash devices. Across the board at multiple customers, that's been very healthy and robust. And then at DRAM wafer test, the LPDDR wafer test has been strong as well.
Mark Jagiela: Yes we got revenue -- the majority of the revenue was in the first half of the year. There'll be a modest amount in the third quarter. And again, we've rounded the numbers down a bit but the whole impact, we think, is about $100 million from all of this. And again, you have to take out the service revenue that we're not going to get in Q3, Q4. That revenue we're not going to get that was otherwise in our plan.
Mark Jagiela: Can I just add that as we entered the year, we were forecasting based on inputs from our customers that a reasonably significant portion of the lease testers would actually be returned. In fact, not only were they not returned, they were converted to sales and additional capacity was put in place on top of -- beyond just the conversions of the leases. So in the end, the test intensity, as I mentioned in my remarks, the complexity of the devices this year in the unit volume have run greater than forecast, and so that's what's driven the reversal of the plan to return more and incremental capacity on top. So as you think about next year, all that capacity sits there and is reutilized next year. It will somewhat temper the peaking that we would see next year but it's not overly significant.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. Got it, Mehdi. When we look at what we call the midterm, which goes out four years, that's how we plan. And we get very detailed in terms of where we can win market share, at what margin, in what invest we make and we test that against what we've done in the past. We believe in the midterm we can get to a $2 EPS number in the later years. That is what we're focused on. Historically, we've been trying to grow EPS 10%-plus a year. I know it's hard for you to see that, because there's different cycles and so forth. But we have our sights set on getting to $2 in the midterm.
Mark Jagiela: As I tried to say in my prepared remarks, Mehdi, that we had some very good wins last year in Asia but those accounts aren't buying much at this point in time, which I think a lot of the sales side folks have reported on that, that's been a soft patch. So where the buying has been has been in other places. So but that's what we've gotten most of our business and as you know, historically we have had two-thirds of our LitePoint business has been one large customer, the customer you'd want to have. So that trend continues and we strategically are trying to get designed into more and more accounts to minimize some of the customer concentration risk.
Mark Jagiela: Well at it tends to be, at LitePoint the second of the year, they look more like semi test. They are tied to the same, whether it's electronics products for back-to-school or holiday buying, you need the test capacity in place Q2, Q3. You can't really be adding it in Q4. So we would expect LitePoint second half to be softer than the first half, just like semi test so that would not be something surprising to us.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. I think that's -- it's a challenge to prognosticate that, but for connectivity and cellular test I think that over the next few years the market itself will be essentially flat. There are numerous competitors in the space. We are convinced that we have the products in both connectivity and cellular that are winning products but it will be a tough market environment. So for LitePoint, in addition to the expansion in Asia that we've been working on, we're also developing new products to expand our served market and these would be test products that are -- so it's test related, but it's testing aspects of the mobile devices that may not be RF or may be adjacent to test steps that we see around our current LitePoint products. So that Tam expansion -- we will start rolling those products out this year into next year and that should expand our Tam by $200 million in the next couple years, and that should expand our Tam by $100 million in the next couple years. So the game plan at LitePoint is essentially twofold. In this tough market environment, continue to exploit our product advantage to pick up share in Asia in a flat market environment and then roll out this new set of products and expand our Tam by one $200 million.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think that at this point, until we get some better proof on the new products, that's a reasonable assumption.
Mark Jagiela: Good question. So as we bring -- in fact, right now we're in the midst of multiple evaluations of the Universal Robot products at our test customers for system test and LitePoint. Those evaluations, like anything else with these large multinational companies, tend to take a longer period of time than the traditional universal robots customer that might have a sales cycle of less than a month. These will probably be more in the order of a six-month sales cycle. So by the end of the year, we should be reporting on success in bringing the universal robots products into our electronic space.
Mark Jagiela: That's a good question, because what I've said in the past is it's not a homogenous market in semi test where everything is sort of peaking in terms of parallelism. So for complex RF complex processor devices, we're at the point where the inflection's occurring. That roughly, let's say, $700 million market Tam that's reached that point, I believe. Other markets, such as automotive, other markets like analog and image sensor testing, micro controllers, still have a bit of a ways to go. But the point that Greg made is important to understand which is even though those other markets will continue to step up in parallelism, the anchor that it brings to our business diminishes with each step. So in some markets, the $700 million I spoke about, perhaps we've reach the point where parallelism may not step at all going forward. The remaining markets, let's call it the other $1.45 billion SoC market, may continue to see more parallelism but the drag on our market size will be diminishing.
Mark Jagiela: It's more tied to the distribution. In this business, where they are going through distributors and integrators, there's more spending as a percent of sales in that line. So compared to our traditional businesses, you'll see selling, marketing a bit higher than what you might otherwise expect for a Teradyne-type business.
Mark Jagiela: While they don't sell to direct sales. We do at Teradyne. So they're going through channel partners and when you go through channel partners, there tends to be higher selling and marketing cost for various programs, incentives, initiatives, training. It's a whole host of things because while they're doing the sale, you're also helping them sell it to bringing technical application resources to bear.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. In one sense, there's a series of products that either in the market or will be introduced over the next several years that are in what the competitors would describe as the collaborative robots space. So it's going to be a rich market for competition but the unique advantage that universal robots has is a couple of things. One is their very intuitive and simple programming model. So a lot of the traditional robot manufacturers that are trying to move lower in the market are still applying a very complex lengthy programming model to these lower cost robots. That is a big inhibitor to a quick ROI and a quick redeployment in a factory for a robot. So a UR product can go in and be utilized on a manufacturing line within a matter of days because of the swift programming and then three months later, six months later, be reprogrammed and redeployed for another task very quickly. Many of the competitors would require an expert and a very complex programming language environment to re-purpose the robot. Most small to medium-size enterprises don't have that skill set whatsoever and even for larger enterprises, it's an anchor on a quick ROI. So that's the real key. If you sit down and watch Universal Robot being programmed, it's actually almost being taught by a show. There's an operator showing the robot physically what to do, where to go, what to grab, and that model is very key. The other thing about the robot that's interesting is the safety aspect. It is a very clever mechanism to ensure that if the robot were to bump into a human being in a production environment, it would sense that and stop and various competitors have different ways of dealing with that issue to make a robot safe. But in the case of Universal Robots, the mechanism is quite effective, low-cost and it doesn't diminish the precision of the robot. Many of the methods you might use to make the robot safe also have consequences around diminishing accuracy and that's something that doesn't exist here. So it's a long story. They have a website that's very rich in showing many of these advantages, if people are interested, but we're obviously excited about it.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, we expect to hold a high market share position. Now today, is a developing industry. We're somewhere in the 60% to 70% share range, most likely. As this market takes off, do we think we can stay there? No, probably not, but can we stay close to 50% in that kind of neighborhood? We think so, over the next few years.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I guess I don't want to comment specifically on that one, but in general -- I'll make a general point which is that as you've seen Teradyne's memory test business and market share grow over the past few years, it's come from applying our expertise in high-speed interface bus testing to the memory market. This and other technologies that are coming to market are examples of pushing that even further. So that will benefit our product architecture, we believe. So I think anything that's bringing speed to the memory world is a good thing for us.
Mark Jagiela: Patrick, UR has had some seasonality where their fourth quarter is their strongest quarter by quite a bit. So we expect that to continue. After a strong fourth quarter Q1 falls back a little bit and they build up momentum through the year, so I think a stronger fourth quarter would be welcome in Teradyne's soft fourth quarter. The seasonality they've had has been going on for a long time period. Now, what the electronics thing does to it I don't -- I think it's not going to impact their seasonality. The electronics orders are going to happen kind of when they happen when they get to the funnel, and it won't be tied to anything in the calendar year and those orders we expect to be small at the outset and then in future periods, much broader expansion.
Mark Jagiela: We're seeing demand on a 3.5 inch hard disk drive, which is used for enterprise or cloud-based storage. So that's where our business is coming from largely this year and a little bit of SSD. Where we haven't gotten any business for years is 2.5, so we took a charge this quarter given that looked it even weakened further from what the PC guys were saying. But we're very well-positioned in 3.5 and SSD, so we think we're the leading vendor by far in terms of market share and product differentiation.
Mark Jagiela: If anything, June was a bit of a frenzy. I mentioned earlier, LitePoint saw some very heavy pull in the month of June and our semi test business was similar. So no, we did not experience a slowdown in June. In terms of what happened in -- the third quarter for us in semi test is always where we inflect and start to glide back down toward the end of the year. So will there be a softening in third quarter? Absolutely we expect that. And if you look at prior years and how that's played out with our bookings, it's going to most likely be a very similar third quarter. So that has nothing, I would say, to do with the specific nature of this year. It's just the typical cycle we've been going through for many years now.
Mark Jagiela: We don't forecast at that level but we would expect OSATs to be lower as they have been in the second half traditionally.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, I'd say in the LitePoint business, it's not going to be a satisfying answer, but it's a little bit of both. Certainly test times have grown and then on top of that there has been, from our customers, I would say, a little more upside on unit volume growth than they might of expected. So both factors are happening. Now, around that, if both are happening -- the market expansion, why isn't the market expansion happening overall. I think what Greg said earlier about Asia specifically being a bit off is one aspect, so that's not fueling growth there. And the efficiency of the testers is still something that's rolling into the market. New testers that were introduced last year as they come in are more efficient than prior years, prior generations of products. So there's a bit of a offset going on. You know we talked about semi test getting to the point where parallelism is kind of reaching in many segments diminishing returns. In LitePoint's business, there's still a bit to go there.
Mark Jagiela: We generally expect the market to grow 50% or more a year. And if there's been some third-party part reports, by the way, that Andy can reference you to that have market sizes further out in time that are actually bigger than some of the estimates we've come up with on our own. On the electronics connection we have with Teradyne, we really believe we can get them into some number of accounts initially, but the deployments are going to be three robots, five robots. That's where it's going to start and then after that's proven successful, which it will be, then we're going to presumably go to other spots in that line and it will be on test. That's going to take some time to play out so it will be a while before the electronics contribution becomes very meaningful. It's a couple year journey we're on. But I would just, to put it in some -- again, this will play out over time, but if we, as we think about the future and as Universal Robots continues to grow in excess of 50% a year, as we get out two to three years from now maybe electronics is 10% of their overall business. It's a nice adder and it could be in the 10% to 20% range, best case, but the bulk of that growth is going to be still in industries outside of electronics.
Mark Jagiela: Got it. We've taken an initial look at that and we know the facility can handle three to five years, depending on various scenarios, so we're going take another look at that when we go over there soon. But there's nothing in the next two years or three years we need to worry about.
Mark Jagiela: I think whether you included or exclude it, if you look at the past percentages of bookings declines from Q2 to Q3, or the sales declines over some number of years, I think you'll see where we are in our third-quarter guidance. We're within the range of where we've been in the past, so it doesn't really matter. I say that because there's a fairly wide range of where we could end up in the third quarter, but what is clear is bookings are down in the third quarter.
Greg Beecher: I'd only add that the visibility and the lead times in that business segment have, compared to last year, shortened even more, so a lot of the surprise in terms of the robust orders came in, in June. And we've adapted our supply chain to be able to respond quickly, why we were able to ship off a lot of that. It's truly almost in a handful of weeks of turns business.
Greg Beecher: It's a little different than that, Tim. I would use, as a rounded number, $100 million. The reason I'd use that is there were a small number of leases that were returned and we also had in the plan rental payments that we will no longer get, so when you make those two adjustments you kind of round to about $100 million impact.
Greg Beecher: I'm rounding to $100 million, first of all. Two, there was rental income in our plan that we expected those testers to stay used for the entire year, so I have to take that number out of whatever the product sales is so I can give you a real apples-and-apples impact. So that piece, it's going to be hard for you to figure out what that piece was, but that was a deduction. So if you start at $150,000 you have to deduct what you think by rental payments were. A small number of the testers came back. A small number, and they been redeployed.
Greg Beecher: I think it has a couple of impacts, meaning, there was more capacity put in place ultimately in 2014 than what our numbers suggested. Because this equipment was put in place in 2014, we're just following the accounting, recognizing revenue this year because it was an outright sale. So it shows you 2014 was a very strong year due to the even year that Mark talked about. So we generally are more optimistic as we go into an even year. Having said that, the more testers that are deployed in prior periods, prior quarters, that obviously can be a drag on incremental capacity. But if you look at the past odd/even pattern, even years have been better for Teradyne, so we don't see anything here today why that would change.
Greg Beecher: And just to add to what Mark is saying, it will be a small number of cobots initially introduced, but the opportunities thereafter we would expect to be significant and for us, it's just getting them in and getting the customers using to them. It opens up many other opportunities, so job one is getting 3 to 5, not getting 30 or 50 in.
Greg Beecher: From an order perspective, it was about 50/50. Sub coms were a little -- 50%, 51%. IDMs and fabless were 49%.
Weston Twigg: Hi, thanks for taking my question. First, I was wondering if you could maybe discuss the competition in the cobot space and your points of differentiation at Universal Robots. Particularly as it relates to your expectations around market share as the market expands.
Weston Twigg: So in a nutshell you think you can even hold a high market share position despite the more crowded marketplace that's developing.
Weston Twigg: Okay. Good and one more real quick, just the cross-point memory technology that was announced by Micron and Intel. It seems fairly dense and fast. It sounds like it should be good for test but I was wondering if you could give us some color on that long-term opportunity for test demand.
