Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. Look, what I said is that we've got a pretty wide range right now $2.1 billion to $2.5 billion, so at the midpoint $2.3 billion. We've certainly seen stronger performance in the market in the recent few months than we had expected even three months ago. So we're perhaps a little optimistic, but that's the range.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. Well, we said $450 million to $500 million for next year, so coming off of this year at $400 million, that will be a significant step up, but kind of flat with where it's been looking backwards for several years. And the thing that is driving the test demand is more on the order of the high speed interfaces going into NAND chips, more so than the vertical structures of NAND devices. So that technological shift in NAND really doesn't have a large impact on test but moving to UFS, PCIe, those kind of high speed interfaces, does. So that's what'll drive the increases next year, we think. Now, the bit growth in NAND has kind of been consistent year-over-year, so it's really this technological shift to higher speed interfaces.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. Okay. We're not really in a position to announce the product. But it is incremental. It's a new application for our Storage Test automation product. But we've started out here, in conjunction with a couple of key accounts, working on a new application. And like you mentioned, the revenue and shipments of that will be early next year, probably a little bit in Q1 and more in Q2. And somewhere around that point, we will introduce the product.
Mark E. Jagiela: Can I just add to that. It's been difficult to predict the Storage Test demand over the years if you've followed that. So right now it looks as though the hard disk drive market will – for test capacity will be a bit weak. And therefore we're being conservative. But it turns on a dime, that market, so it's hard to tell. Same thing with SSD, SSD is another thing that's hard still to calibrate in terms of size. But we're being pretty conservative at this point.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah, I think no. There's no pull-in from Q4. Semiconductor Test as an example, it's really the strengthening of microcontroller test and analog automotive test that has driven that. And none of that we saw as an acceleration. So the one thing about the fourth quarter bookings, if you look at it historically, fourth quarter tends to have been a low point. However, last year we had quite a large surge as a couple of large customers shifted orders a little bit earlier out of Q1 into Q4. And so comparing this year's Q4 bookings with last year we have that phenomena that take into account. That may happen again, it may not happen again. It's really just a matter of a few weeks worth of timing that can shift the bookings in the fourth quarter around that sort of year-end mark.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, remember that part of our story here both historically and looking forward is to pick up market share. So one point of share gain is probably reasonable to think about next year for us in SOC. And we also see that the memory market will rebound a bit next year. So I think you've got to factor those into the math as well.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well so both of those. So yes we have the recent couple of years have been pretty strong indicators of a return to a bit of market growth. But I think we're still sticking to that 1% number for a while here because after a decade plus of a negative CAGR, we don't want to get too exuberant until we have a few more data points in. It's certainly encouraging what's happened this year and the strengthening prognosis for next year, so those are all positive signs. But overall I think we stay with our model at this point of about 1% average CAGR and there'll be a lot of noise around that. As you see this sort of 11% growth, 2017 compared to 2015 that's certainly well above that line. But I think it's too early to say we're going to move that up. On the share gains, the share gains come about in two ways. One way is that we are positioned in segments with customers that tend to grow faster than the market because they're in, as Greg was talking about in his script, the sort of sweet spot of growth around mobility automotive and such. So part of our share gain story just comes from riding the rising tide of being in the more attractive markets. Same thing on NAND in the memory space, where we tend to be a little more concentrated in NAND flash, that's growing more than DRAM and we tend to benefit from that, even without accounts, let say, trading hands (41:04). And then on top of that there are some competitive shootouts that occur every year where we selectively go after places we think we have clear differentiation. And that without any sort of pricing, more on functionality, we can make a difference and swing a little bit more our way. That's what we've been doing and when we look forward it looks like that's still very attractive and optimistic around how we can continue to gain share.
Mark E. Jagiela: And then on the question around M&A, the things you said are yes, yes, yes. So software, some additional hardware capability and distribution, those are all three areas that we're actively looking at as a way to accelerate – not just accelerate UR but catch another wave of inflection in the market around what's going in around Industrial Automation. This trend for cobots will pull – coattails (43:47) will pull other kinds of technologies into factories as well and those will, we think, have similar growth rates. And so yes, we're looking around all of those areas.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, I don't think, I mean, there's no general case here. It's kind of very specific around mobility and phones. And last year was a little bit of an anomaly after four years of a pattern where orders started to accelerate in Q1 and shipments peaked either in late Q2 or early Q3. Last year the orders came in, in late Q4 and began to come in and the shipments started to ramp a bit earlier too in late Q1. So that was very specific to last year, very specific to phones. And this year, if we look forward that possibly could occur again. In total, there's not a big issue here, whether the orders come in the last couple weeks of this year or first couple weeks of next year. We see that there's some variability there, but nothing significant to what's going on. The other segments that are growing, and in our case microcontrollers, we saw orders in the third quarter higher than we've seen from microcontrollers since early 2014, same thing with automotive. So those, I think, are more indication of – that's not a cyclical business typically, and it's driven by new model years coming along that are going to take a step function in automotive safety, is one thing driving it, where the millimeter radar and other things like that will start ramping next year and become a driver for test. So that's going to be a long, long multi-year tubing (47:02) exercise in automotive. You won't see the same peaking and sort of quarter-to-quarter fluctuations, I don't think.
Mark E. Jagiela: I'll start with that one. Yes, a lot of our effort is going into the distribution network. And that includes making sure we have the best distributors, they have the right technical resources, sales persons (48:07) to follow up and close deals (48:09). It's also opening up new regions, salespeople to help get lease to the distributors. So a lot of actions are underway. To take it back to where you started, any quarter-to-quarter change in sales, I would just caution not to read too much into it. There's a whole set of confusing factors that can move sales higher or lower. Some are as mundane as, European vacations are pretty heavy in the third quarter. So that makes the comparison to the second quarter a bit tough. And then we have the timing of different products, when they enter the market. There's a whole set of things that make comparisons difficult. With that said, we feel comfortable with 50% or greater for this year and next year, with some oddball changes quarter-to-quarter where it's going to be below 50% or above 50%.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. So the strength of microcontroller in automotive orders in the third quarter were more than we expected. And we have seen five quarters of below trend line buying in that segment. So we knew it had to return. It just so happened that it came back in third quarter and it was a bit of a surprise. So that's a factor in our optimism around next year's market. But that's not it alone. We've also seen strong indications around mobility as well, for next year, which is our biggest segment. So in general, I would say that, as we went through third quarter, the optimism and the orders both moved higher than we had originally expected.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah, it's a good question. First of all, we expect consolidation in our customer base will continue. Now you might think well, if that's happening, there must be some manufacturing efficiencies that can be gained that might depress the test market. But in fact, much of the test industry has already been efficiently consolidated through the outsourcing trends of the past decade. Many of these customers utilize subcontract manufacturers in Asia, in facilities that are already – where multiple customers have consolidated test capacity. So, we don't – have not historically, and don't expect there to be, much of a impact to the test market as a result of the consolidations.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. So C.J. this is Mark. This year we think automotive is probably just south of $400 million where the year is done. And if last year as an example 2015 it might have been closer to $300 million and then the year before that $400 million. So as we look forward we expected it's going to probably follow that trend line we're talking about off of that $400 million base going forward. It'll be $400 million growing at a couple of percent a year.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. It's a turns business. So the process typically is lead generation, qualification, close and then some application work to deploy the robot into the factory. All of that can occur within a handful of week period in the quarter. So we track weekly, we're looking at metrics around all of those items to see if we're tracking toward our target and the close rate, the qualification rate and sort of those kind of things. So as we go into fourth quarter if you look at the history, fourth quarter is always a big quarter for UR and all the indications we have right now is that will be true again this year. And that's how we're running it.
Mark E. Jagiela: Okay, folks, thanks so much for joining us. And for those who are remaining in the queue, I'll reach out to you here after this call. Thanks so much.
Gregory R. Beecher: Tim, this is Greg. The first thing you do when a business gets in trouble, which we've had experience with, whether it was Storage Test some number of years ago or Semi Test back in 2009 is, you have to remodel it to get it healthy again so that you can grow from health. And until you do that, you really don't have any good options. So that's the key thing we're focused on at this point, getting it healthy and it turned a profit this quarter and there are some encouraging design win momentum we have. But the meaningful business is two years out. So we're happy that we've repositioned the company on better footing after a very strong history, but obviously the market has gone soft on us. But we think the next couple of years, or two years out, we can have better performance. And to your point about automation, we have dry powder, we have the capacity. So LitePoint isn't stopping us from making another move. It's more, what are the opportunities? What's the risk-adjusted return? And all those discussions and analysis take time. We don't move fast. When we see something, we need to really make sure we understand the space, the fit, the culture, and that's our thought (29:03) process.
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. So we've tried to outline this in the past, but what we did this year is, we essentially, intentionally, are taking down their run rate profit of 15% from last year to something 10% range, or 10% or a little bit better. We are putting in much more distribution muscle power working with an ecosystem. The reason we're doing all that is, we know there's other cobot makers coming to the plays. We're far ahead on the product. We want to get far ahead on the distribution and third party ecosystem providers, so that when someone else comes along, we are clearly the proven low-risk solution. So, what does that mean for next year? Well, as we continue to grow significantly, we're going to grow the spending to make sure we don't curtail the possible sales growth, market share, because once you get into these accounts, they often deploy another stage in manufacturing. So you really want to get in and then you can grow much greater once you are in an account. With that said, we would expect the profit rate next year to move from around a 10% range towards a 15% range.
Gregory R. Beecher: If I could just quickly add, the Storage Test platform is very versatile, as you probably can see by now. It has significant automation and it's asynchronous to slots, so it is a vessel that can be used for multiple applications. So I think there is a ongoing story as to that product and that technology moving to some other markets over time.
Gregory R. Beecher: We tend to just say System Test will probably be at model profits, which is about $65 million revenue.
Gregory R. Beecher: Storage, also in the Storage Test. Was that System Test? I'm sorry, Storage Test (33:50). So Storage Test is going to be at model $65 million, and then this year about $189 million, so we're probably going to be similar to that level. We expect to be at model profit in those businesses so, I think even by (34:10) 15% then.
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. There's a slowdown in 3.5 inch test volume, that's in Storage Test. So this new application can offset some slowdown. But then when you go to mil-aero, mil-aero should be growing. The budget sequestration stopped. There's much more flight testing programs, so we see growth in mil-aero. Production Board Test we see some slight growth there as well. There is a whole set of applications that are high panel count that we have two test heads, the very efficient architecture that we can do the throughput much better, so we see growth in both Production Board Tests, low growth, and in mil-aero.
Gregory R. Beecher: No. That wasn't related to pull-ins. That was a new application where there's some engineering that needs to get completed for the application. So....
Gregory R. Beecher: I'll start with this and maybe Mark can go in as well. First, yeah there really isn't a surprise in our 67% growth. We did say 50% or greater and we have third-party research firms that have this market in the billion dollar range in 2020. So we see explosive growth for years to come. We're much more focused on trying to figure out by region what is it that needs to be done for particular regions to get more of a velocity through that region. Sometimes it's more technical people, sometimes it's distributor's velocity, sometimes it's leads. There's a whole set of factors that we are working in some regions that are growing higher than 67%. So there's a lot of hands-on to try to figure out how to get it growing as fast as it possibly can because we have a huge lead and it's a very fast payback and it's very easy to deploy. So it's a very unique opportunity that we have.
Gregory R. Beecher: Tim (sic) [Tom] (44:21), if it's about $100 million it'll be close to breakeven. Maybe it's a very small profit but at $100 million I'd say it's breakeven to 2%, 3% profit growth, very low.
Gregory R. Beecher: I actually feel pretty good about that revenue number. I think it's cautious. So I suppose in theory there could be a little bit of upside, but we didn't see much of that this year. So I'll stick with the number that yeah $97 million and $100 million is a very good number for next year.
Gregory R. Beecher: We've actually been managing in that scenario for quite some time. In Semi Test, our largest business, we often get the official purchase order four to six weeks before the tests are shipped. Now we're working with customers collaboratively prior, so we're building inventory based upon the signals they're giving us. So we've been at that for a while. If I go to Universal Robots, which is a very quick fulfillment, super quick, there there's only three products. There isn't a whole lot of different configurations or instruments where you can get stuck. So that is a very low obsolescence risk and those products last for a very long time. So we're comfortable in this environment. And over the years periodically we've improved our supply line responsiveness. We've taken days and weeks out and work with our supply chain to do that. We think we're responsive and we don't see any inventory risk. And our charge as compared to others sort of fit with other equipment companies. We're not high. We're probably on the low side. So I think, all told, we're doing okay against the new environment.
Gregory R. Beecher: I suppose. I mean our history has been a bit above that, but you could use 15%. That would be a slight decline.
Gregory R. Beecher: Our margins, I think you know, C.J. move around based upon mix, whether our large customers buying in volume or depending upon the various segment our margins can move around. But we tend to have this pattern that's continuing that in even years we're at about 54%, and the odd years we do a bit better.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. And we've been beating the model for so long, we just thought we should move the gross margins up, so it's more consistent with where we've been. And we also are likely to put out a bit more OpEx or considerable OpEx behind Universal Robots. So that's the way to fund it with better gross margins that we know we can get.
Gregory R. Beecher: And I'll just add that, we don't have any significant distributors whatsoever. I think our largest distributor is just under 5%, so there's so many different buying locations in different countries and different applications, so it's very disperse. But each regional person has a pipeline to their distributors that they put a probability on and all that math ends up being the forecast.
