Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, this is Greg. On the R&D line, we're upping our investment. In OpEx, in total, we're upping our quarterly investment on average about $12 million. Much more of that is in R&D, the substantial majority. Half of that is in LitePoint. As you know, LitePoint has grown quite remarkably. And with that, there's other opportunities for further growth.
Gregory R. Beecher: Krish, this is Greg. There's a -- you can imagine there's a wide range of scenarios we gave you sort of a tighter range as to what can happen. But there is cellular revenue in that range, so we do expect to have more meaningful cellular revenue in 2013. On the connectivity market, it was very strong in 2012. Our best guess is that market would be flat or down a little bit in 2013. We think the cellular gains we'd get can give us, in total, a very good result.
Gregory R. Beecher: Jim, there isn't an exact formula that we use because there are so many factors that go into, it including what nonorganic opportunities are out there, as well as what the price is at any one point in time. So we do look at it carefully, and we really want to be very patient. Because in our past, we bought back like many others at the wrong time, and it was a bad deal for long-term shareholders. So we'd rather be on the side, in fact even perhaps getting criticized that you guys are going too slow. And if that day comes when we buy aggressively, then hopefully our patience will be rewarding for the long-term shareholders. So we continue to look at it. And there is no exact formula.
Gregory R. Beecher: C.J. it's mix. When you look at our gross margin quarter-to-quarter, invariably, it's going to move around considerably, simply based upon mix, whether it high SOC, LitePoint or high hard disk drive or some other mix. So there's nothing other than mix going on.
Gregory R. Beecher: The new products are in the second half of the year, not the first half, so they would show up then.
Gregory R. Beecher: As we get closer towards the end of the year, I think we're going to feel better about our position with the product coverage that we'll have.
Gregory R. Beecher: You want to stick with the tester that works well. And it's the leading tester, so you're not going to jump off the tester if you're moving.
Gregory R. Beecher: It's something we continually look at. We've balanced that again, LitePoint, Eagle and Nextest. Those were cash acquisitions. It's a lot easier to conduct a transaction with cash. So that the Company doesn't have to due diligence on your stock. You can move faster. So the path use of cash, we think has worked out quite well in the M&A front. If you look at our stock path, buybacks over a long period of time, that really hasn't worked out as well. So that's one kind of bucket of information. If you say going forward, we certainly recognize that as cash continues to grow, we need to continue to look at what's the best use of our hard-earned capital. And we've said that in many calls and with many of our investors. So consciously look at that, we know that dividend tax rate may go up, so that's not something we'd look to right away. But even if that tax rate didn't go up, we'd still look at what's the best use of our cash. And it could be continue to hold it for nonorganic acquisitions. And at some point, if cash grows too large, then we'd feel more pressured to do something returning capital. But we're planning on taking a steady course.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, we are seeing increased competition. We do still see that we have the best products that have been optimized and can do testing that the other parties can't quite do. But they had some spots that have some appealing products that they are pushing. So it is a little bit more competitive than the past. I don't think there's any significant impact that you'll see from that. We think we can continue to maintain our north of 50% market share looking into the future. On margins, what I'd like to say on margins is we're confident that the LitePoint margins will stay above the company model for margins. But where they are at any particular point in time, we don't want to get into that because there's so many different factors that we'd have to explain to you, so you'd understand why that could be a little bit higher, lower or sideways.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, Mehdi. We used 52% in our modeling. There's a wide range. But if you average it out, 52% is a pretty good number. Again, sometimes it's going to be well above it, other times below it. You could look to this past year, and the drop through quarter-to-quarter has moved around considerably depending upon the mix. We've had drop through Q4 to Q1 only 36% at the PBIT line, Mehdi. I think Q1 to Q2 was 70%, then Q2 to Q3 is 53%. So my point is, it's all over the place. But if you average everything out and normalize everything, our estimate would be 52%.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes, I mean, those discussions do come up, Mehdi. And we have looked at companies that are serving semi-equipment and in fact pay a dividend. And in truth, we see they have the same generally, peaks and troughs and stock price. And normally, you might think a dividend could give you less volatility. I don't know if the data [indiscernible] is convincing on that. But we have looked at that, and we continue to look at thoughts like to figure out what's the best use of our hard-earned capital.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. In Mike's comments and my comments, we did give a range for LitePoint for next year. I think it was $260 million to $360 million revenue. That's a wide range. But and they were $290 million this year. And I think we also commented that Connectivity market, LitePoint's major market, could be flat to down a bit next year. And Cellular is where we see the opportunity to get some meaningful business in 2013, which would put you to the upper side of that range. When you step back though, from what's going to happen next year, there are very favorable trends in both Connectivity and Cellular, where you have products that have short lives. They get obsolete quickly. New technology has longer test times. You have high unit growth. So new testers would be bought for that. So there's a number of very good factors going on for a period of time that, we think, putting aside where next year falls, we feel good about the year after and the year after. So we think it's going to be a very good market for some number of years, and you can just look around with some of the plans. Wireless is going virtually everywhere, whether it's Internet things, Machine-to-Machine. Those trends haven't really taken off, but it's really these smart devices is driving the business today. But there are some other things that will be coming.
Gregory R. Beecher: And just to add to Mike's point. What that really has done for us over a number of years, is it's giving us a much better financial model with operating profit rates over 3 years, north of 20%. And when you have that level of financial strength, you can expand the business selectively. And that's in part how LitePoint fit in. And we can have these discussions as to what you'd do with the cash, excess cash. If we had not made these more conservative assumptions and put potential discipline in the Company, there's a whole set of other discussions you'd be having. Why can't you get to model comparability? So it's a good set of issues we have now. What do we do with the growing cash? What's the best use of it? So that's -- we spent much more time on that. Not the model because the model is in good shape.
Gregory R. Beecher: I'm not going to get too specific because it's -- nothing's 100% settled right now. But it will be measurably lower, and this is often what's necessary to break into a market where there is entrenched competitors. We think over time we can do better, but the first break in, as has been in many of our other businesses, you tend to start lower then you work your way back through new instruments, new clever engineering. But I don't want to quantify because nothing's settled at this point.
Michael A. Bradley: We expect the markets to be down a little bit next year. It's been averaging between $2.5 billion and $2.6 billion. And our planning basis here says that, that is more on the $2.2 billion to $2.4 billion. There's not a buildup segment by segment that gets you to that. It's really an estimate of how strong the comeback is in the first half. Interestingly, last year, by January, we were expecting the full-year to be $2.1 billion. But there was such a strong first quarter demand that resulted in both first and second quarter shipments, that by the time we got to April, that looked closer to $2.5 billion and then we think it ends up at $2.6 billion. So the idea of having a little caution is an integration of a lot of different things. We do expect the third quarter bookings level to be the trough bookings for us. Traditionally, we've had an uptick in the fourth quarter. We think we will, this quarter, and then it gets stronger in first and second. But it's a little bit hard to call exactly when that would kick in next year. So we're being a little cautious, and we're sizing that down 10% to 15%.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, I think that if you were bending in and you looked at the patterns, you'd say that you had come up some in Q4, and then it would typically kicks in, in the Q1 and Q2. Calling it exactly whether it's going to be strong in Q1 these coming years, as it was last year. So that's a tough call.
Michael A. Bradley: Krish, mobile has been very, very strong. And we think it's above the trend line. So we think there's some absorption on the Mobile Test sector. So I don't have the exact number, but if you drew an arrow, that could be flat to down next year. If it were up, that would be exceptional. So we think it's a bit above the trend line. The other sectors which have both the down quarter market in Teradyne, we think, have some potential for recovery during the course of next year. Net-net though, we think the overall totals are down in that 10% to 15% range.
Michael A. Bradley: Jim, it's Mike. Obviously, the Memory Test market that used to be $1 billion plus, really up at its peak to $1.5 billion, is -- we now got 3 years where it's been between $500 million and $700 million. So from a total market, it's obviously disappointing to anybody supplying into that space. Our position in it is a 15% to 20% share position. So we haven't established the kind of position there that we have in SOC. I think the way these design ins go in the amount of capital, the new products that's being bought, it looks to us like these days are relatively subdued market. And even though we're making some progress on account front and in coverage of the various segments in the market, it's going to be a smaller player for us. Our commitment to it is going to be consistent. We build the products for Memory off of platforms that are both SOC and Memory platforms. So it's a hybrid investment for us that gets amortized over both of those markets. So I think you'll see a still in that space if that's the direct question you're asking.
Michael A. Bradley: This cycle has been a stronger OSAT cycle. And even with the downturn, the OSATs for us have not gone down to the trough that they were at last year. And I think that's clearly because they're bigger players on the mobility supply for the Fabless companies. Our expectation is for them that the trough for that segment in bookings will also be in the third quarter, and we think that comes gradually back. So I don't know how much they have to move, but we expect them to move a little bit back up here just in concert with the IDMs. They should move back up in the fourth quarter.
Michael A. Bradley: First of all, I want to declare we're mortal here in our estimating the market sizes. As you know, last year at this time, as I said, actually later in January, our view of the market at that point was that it would have a relatively normal recovery, fourth quarter, first quarter, second quarter recovery. And we were looking at a market -- and I'm talking about SOC test now that we would be about $550 million a quarter. It actually was over $700 million in the first quarter. So we're mortal in our ability or inability to read the tea leaves that our customers are telling us, even on that short cycle. So for our own planning purposes, we're saying we integrate a series of things, it looks as if this could be a slightly more gradual recovery based upon inventories, utilization rates and so on. So you do all that math, and you're right, you get a smaller market. If our market share stays around where it is, then we end up with a smaller SOC business. So that's the SOC story. On LitePoint. LitePoint's an even shorter lead time environment. So the visibility on LitePoint is even tougher to call. And that's evidenced by the fact that when we walked into the year, we were -- we had an ambition to get to $160 million. And now we're going to do nearly twice that. So again, we're pretty mortal on that front. What's different in LitePoint is that we're making some gradual progress on the design -- and I said, we've won this year in terms of fanning out additional design ends. We've got a much bigger footprint in our Asia regions, both in Taiwan and China. So there's a lot more business in play for us, and that's why we're more optimistic on the LitePoint front and also, why there's such a wide range on what could happen with LitePoint next year. So there are a lot of balls in the air. But directionally, we've got a more conservative view with SOC test. We've got a kind of similar view to what Memory could be. In LitePoint, we're optimistic about having another very good year. But that will come from a lot of different pieces of the business than we might have built in our 2012 view.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, connectivity will still be, clearly, more than 1/2. But it's possible. So it can be considerably larger than where it's been in the past.
Michael A. Bradley: TJ, I think you're pretty close to right. I think the market will end up growing about 5% and will grow about 7-ish percent in the market this year. So we're going to take a little bit more. Remember the segments shift. So we can have an arithmetic variation and share year-to-year, and actually be gaining ground in it or losing ground in it. So -- but I think your short-term calculation is about right. For us, and this is a bit of an old record, but we gained share based on very, very small increments around individual sockets. That very good momentum on the socket front, if you cover it up, the socket were to take place. Our net gains there have been positive the last few years. But the ambition here is, it's in single digits, to be able to try to piece all of those together and get a point of share or 2-points a share, real share growth each year. So it'll move the needle very gradually in the coming years.
Michael A. Bradley: The sizing that we have is consistent with what we said in the past. And that is we've got to get about $125 million a year to hit our model investment rate. We'll be below that this year. We were above it on a 2-year basis. We're about on that rate. But this is -- if there's any business that's had a first half, second half dramatic difference, it's HDD. Virtually, all of our revenue was in the first half of this past year. So you're right that it's a very hard one to call. We do want, I expect to bring some new products to market this coming year. The idea there is to widen that TAM so that we can ensure that we get to this $125 million market, even if there is some compression in the total market. So that's the game plan there. We haven't sized up what the potential is. If you looked at just the history, you'd say that the potential is in a good year for the market and a good market share position for us. We've done above that $125 million. But right now, for planning purposes, were using $125 million.
Michael A. Bradley: And not to be too queued, we haven't disclosed what the target is for the new product development. And we're holding off on that until we get some market penetration with it. But we are opening up the TAM next year, so that the idea of getting to the $125 million and then getting above that is what's in our sights over the next couple of years.
Michael A. Bradley: It's because we've got a very solid IDM and OSAT installed base of the platform, the UltraFLEX platform that's used for those applications.
Michael A. Bradley: Satya, I think this is going to be the constant push-pull of failure modes, more testing, more integration on chips, more complexity, longer test times. That's the push, and then the pull is parallelism and pipelining of tests. And so I don't think there's a step function change in it. I think it's going to be that continuous tug-of-war between those 2 forces. If you were saying, well, who's going to win on that? Well, that's the increasing test. I think that the market has found the need to invest in SOC around $2.5 billion a year. And they're finding a way to do that and to get the coverage for these more advanced nodes and be able to keep the capital spend there. That's the constraint that we see, is that the market isn't going to be growing dramatically in total. So we've got to keep being able to do more testing -- more sophisticated testing, but doing it faster, and that's been the formula for progress in this on the whole front.
Michael A. Bradley: Vishal, I think it'll be across the board. Actually, we think it might be steady in the mobility sectors and with the recovery in the other sectors. But it's a very dynamic forecast. So that could change week-to-week. But if you ask me right today, you'd see that the sectors that have been quieter are the ones that, we think, in a very short-term might see a comeback during this quarter. But again, the step up in the fourth quarter that you've seen in the last 2 years, '10 and '11. I take '09 out because of the unusual nature of the overall markets then. You'd say that, that modest step up has been followed by a stronger step up in the following 2 quarters. But the direct answer to your question is, it would tend to be in all the other sectors with probably a steady level of business in the mobility sectors for us. And that's what helped us the best obviously, through the year.
Michael A. Bradley: First question is, the answer is yes. It's a -- there were segments that were growing faster in 2010. And the buy rates inside those segments are stronger, so our revenue was higher. Number 2, for planning purposes, we've actually thought about the market as being more compressed to force us to make tighter decisions around our investment portfolio. Three years ago, we were looking at a market that was -- we would size it between $2.0 billion and $2.2 billion. It's actually delivered $2.5 billion to $2.6 billion the last few years. So we think that's more sustainable, even though we've talked about this next year as being somewhat down from that. So in truth, the market has proven to be a stronger market than we had originally anticipated. So that's the bullish side. Looking forward, we still don't think this is a even a high single-digit natural growth in the market. What we said in the past and continue to believe, is that the segments will shift so that the buying that comes in these mobility products will be stronger and stronger. And that the PC-related SOC devices and the buy rates there in the ATE capital there will just redistribute into the other segments. So there is growth inside some of the segments. Those are the ones that we're trying to get stronger and stronger position, and have made real progress over the last 3 or 4 years. But we're not counting on a total growth in that market. We're counting more on segment growth that we can capitalize on.
