Andrew Blanchard: Thanks, Sanjay. Maria we would now like to take some questions and as a reminder, please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. 
Andrew Blanchard: And operator we are going to try to squeeze just one more and please I know we started a little bit late so could you just give us one more question please. 
Andrew Blanchard: Okay folks, this concludes our call. Thanks for your interest in Teradyne. We look forward to talking to you in the weeks ahead and those still in the queue I'll get back to you straight away. Thanks so much.
Mark E. Jagiela: Okay, there's a lot in there. But, I think it is perhaps a little bit incoherent to see such strong tester demand when people are talking about the uncertainty or declining in unit volumes, particularly in handsets. But I think this is not unprecedented. This is back to the issue of it's not so much the number of phones that are being produced, it's the complexity of the silicon in the phones and the associated test time. And that's obviously and absolutely what's occurring at the moment. So whether we were in the midst of a COVID pandemic or not, the business right now would be equally robust. And I don't believe it's overbuying or sort of there's a rationalization necessarily provided this economic impact doesn't persist into next year and slow down the rate of complexity growth, which is a possibility. We don't know if that will happen, but it's a possibility. But I think with so many things coming together this year around features in phones like the new Wi-Fi standard, some of the new sensor technologies, and of course 5G, that it's just driving a lot of complexity increase. And so I don't think the test business, you can necessarily correlate that well with the end markets for semiconductors because of that. You certainly see automotive down, way down. And we see that in our business industrial down and we see that in our business for test. But mobility is quite strong.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah, I think it's reasonably analogous. And therefore, year-to-year, what you've seen in our business for test is that it's not monotonic or consistent year-to-year in terms of our business in the second and third quarter related to mobility. In the years where there's a lot of technological change, we get incrementally more growth in revenue. And then there's some years where the change is more modest and it'll be down. So that's going to be part of our future, as far as the eye can see. So we really look at it as a trend line and, yes, this is a particularly strong year.
Mark E. Jagiela: It certainly could be. I think what we've seen since the January call is that what we described as sort of the first and second quarters being roughly equal is close to right. I think we've seen a little more strengthening in the second quarter than we projected back then. And we've seen Q1 turn out to be a little bit higher at the high end of our guide than back then. So it's come in a little bit hotter and therefore, it certainly could be that the percentage skew toward the first half could be higher. The thing about the second half though it's not a -- there is no model out there we can rely on to predict what's going to happen. So, at the moment the demand, even the backlog and the deliveries we're quoting through the third quarter are pretty strong, but we know that can change in a moment's notice.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah, so I think first of all, it's a good question. Most of the test capacity that is being installed in second and third quarter is for production of handsets that will occur in third, fourth quarter of this year. So the falloff in handsets that we've seen in Q1 and Q2, there is no relationship on that demand. It's related to what do people think, the unit volume for new phones, not in aggregate, but for new phones will be in the second half of the year. And apparently going just by the strength in the business that view is still pretty robust. The other thing that changes as you go from January till now is people start to get a better sense of the complexity impact on test time. So there's some preliminary views back in January but as you get closer to mass production, the reality of what that test time is sets in and can drive up or down demand.  We saw several years ago if you remember a situation where the progression from January to April resulted in a reduction of test capacity because test time turned out to be better than people thought. In this particular situation that's not the case, it's moving a bit in the other direction. So those are the two things I think that are going on that are causing demand to be incrementally stronger despite the fact that in the first half the old handsets unit volumes are down. And then on China versus anyplace else, we're seeing very strong demand across the board. It's not one geography, it's Korea, it's China, it's U.S., it's just a generally competitive robust plan around new technology for phones.
Mark E. Jagiela: I don't want to talk about any specific customer situation. All I would say is that there's really been no change in demand from the China region for SoC test since the January call. We've had a little bit of incremental demand maybe on the memory side but things are playing out pretty much as planned on test equipment for China. Light Point may also have seen a little bit up but nothing material.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. So, I think certainly people are beginning to ramp production now of Millimeter Wave, but it's in a small fraction of the handsets that'll be produced this year in the end. And, related to the impact this year, I bound it's somewhere in the high tens of millions of dollars across the company, somewhere in that sort of range. Now, we've said longer-term the total 5G wave should build towards sort of this $400 million to $500 million added to the TAM. And with everything going on right now with sub 6G and with Millimeter Wave and such, maybe we are two thirds of the way into that because we are seeing strong demand for the sub 6G side of this. It's just less test intensive. So, as we go into 2021 I would expect that to grow. And I think those are the sort of bookends.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. On the direct sales part, that's a program we launched last year and it's something we're doing both in all three of our automation companies that started out heavily distribution oriented. For large accounts MiR UR have moved towards direct sales, but that's really been in effect for a couple of quarters. We're into a downturn now and a lot of those customers were automotive related. So I don't have the numbers in front of me, but I don't think the revenue percentage would be all that significant at this point. On inventory I don't think there's very much of any buildup inventory in the channel around automation. It's a very quick turns business. We look at that pretty carefully every quarter so no overhang there.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah, I think the conversations today are really not that far out in terms of their headlights, but it's an expectation. But I would say that we've commented that the mobile platform hit near, saw a flat sales quarter-over-quarter, hasn't been as robustly impacted by this pandemic. And part of the reason for that is that there's already applications for that platform in the healthcare space that are growing. So while industrial has been moving down, that's been increasing. And so I think there's partly small to medium sized enterprises will look at automation coming out of this as an -- as a strategic asset. But moving toward some of these other verticals that are likely to disproportionately grow is another part of the calculus on how this growth in industrial automation accelerates coming out of this.
Mark E. Jagiela: You know, I think that's something we're concerned about and to the extent we've checked and looked. We don't see that really. You know, it would be pretty obvious if we saw customers that are trying to test silicon shift or move capacity to an OSATs but typically speaking, the testers are purchased by third party OSAT and they're not very willing to invest in capital unless it's going to be utilized really quickly. And as we've looked at the utilization of the equipment that we've been installing, it seems to be pulled quickly and turned on and utilized right away. So there's not idle capacity being put into the test, semi test channel that we're aware of.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah, for the back half of the year God knows. But, there are a couple of things going on there that are interesting. One piece of it is that we opened up a new segment of memory tests that we haven't participated in before, which is DRAM final test. And in the DRAM world there's a transition occurring to LPDDR5. That obsoletes the existing fleet of equipment out there. So to the extent memory manufacturers are beginning that shift just from a technological point of view, they have no choice but to buy incremental capacity for it and that's something that's benefiting us in Q1. And likely we will continue through the year, not just Q2 but in beyond. And that has years to go. So that's a tailwind for sure.  The bigger piece of memory in terms of revenue is flash and flashes for many years now have been undergoing a similar generational shift towards high speed. And unlike I would say DRAM, that's kind of very controlled and not -- I wouldn't say a commodity, but the standards around DRAM are kind of ubiquitous. In the case of flash, there is much more bespoke design going on around the protocols for the interface speeds depending on the handset they're going in or the application they're going in. And that diversity drives a lot of incremental test instrument buying to test all that variety. So that's been true historically. It is just as strong right now. And then the other comment I'll make is that new manufacturers that we see coming online in China are not slowing down. They are putting capacity in and that's also a tailwind.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah. So, hard drives have been a standout and both aspects of what we do with that storage test product are interesting. And I think the hard drive piece is sustainable and it's sustainable pretty much as far as the eye can reasonably see and through next year. And this has been going on for several years now. And, there's only really two predominant manufacturers out there. And so share is a little bit not an issue as much as just as the systemic underlying growth there. And it definitely seems to be there with the increasing density of these drives and volume. On the system level test side, that's a nascent market that's still in early development. It's a semiconductor test market. It's an additional insertion of test for semiconductor tests. And very few manufacturers have adopted that methodology yet. We're fortunately on the leading edge of that adoption. Will it become an industry pervasive methodology where more and more manufacturers decide to add an additional insertion or test step before they ship their final product or not is unclear but compared to what our expectations were a year ago the volume there is certainly exceeded our expectations. So it's a good secular sign.
Mark E. Jagiela: It's on the table for sure whether it'll happen or not is a question. I mean fourth quarter is always strong. And the early signs in China, you know, China certainly was an anchor in Q1 on our IA sales but as we've gone into March and into Q2 they've come back pretty strong in IA buying. It could very well set year-over-year records in our IA business. So if that is a mirror image of the rest of the world which we don't know we can certainly see a Q4 in IA that was sequentially up.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah, I would kind of toss all that overboard unfortunately because we just don't know about the second half. But what I can say is if what we do know about is the first half of the year and if you look at the first half of the year we're running towards the high end in market size in both memory and SoC compared to what we projected that led to the prior estimates. So, if anything -- if this had been a sort of normal year without COVID we probably right now be revising up some of our market size estimates for the year for each segment. But in light of what's happening we really can't comment. 
Mark E. Jagiela: Yeah, I think it's just very speculative but I'll give you maybe just a little bit of color and I'll probably regret it. If you go back to what happened in 2008 and 2009 as a reference, it came back with a vengeance in 2010 and you could argue that it sort of on a trend line basis still the hole in that was created in 2009. So the technological progress just drives a underlying test demand in terms of this complexity growth that is cumulative. It can be temporarily squashed through things like a sharp drop in unit volume demand which is what occurred there. But it came back with a vengeance. So the real question then in this situation is when will the unit volume demand recover because the underlying technological growth will likely continue unabated. And I think that's everybody's guess. We expect things, mobility in handsets have been slightly declining now for a couple of years and it's really had little impact on the test demand. If the handset market starts into double-digit declines and that persist through next year I would say it must have some impact on Testament because the complexity underlying complexity growth this year is quite high. It's likely that it'll oscillate year-to-year. So those are just sort of touchstones but no prediction.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, hey buddy, it's Sanjay here. So, I think that we have an active M&A group that we've look at many different opportunities in the last several years. Obviously, the focus has been on industrial automation, but we are actively looking and the key part of that strategy is that as valuations potentially come down in the future, products -- or companies have a good fit and become more attractive financially. And so I'd say, historically and even looking forward there'll be a focus on industrial automation. But I wouldn't count anything now.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure, so going down about 2% from Q1 is at the midpoint is what I said and really half -- think about it, over half of the decline is tied to the concentration of sales mix and mobility. That's not unlike the patterns we've seen in the past. The second part would be and I mentioned in my prepared remarks we've had to strengthen our supply chain and many costs associated with the COVID-19 impact which is just under half of the impact. So that really kind of bridges you from Q1 to Q2. And then getting on to your second question about the second half, first let me comment and say the second half there's tremendous demand uncertainty. As you'd expect with different businesses we have we could have -- could come in or not come in so that product mix would have an impact. But that being said we're really seeing the adoption of several new products and solutions specifically the UltraFLEX Plus platform and Millimeter Wave really take hold and volumes ramping a little bit faster than we had predicted. And these are platforms if you recall that last over 10 years and in their infancy stage they come down a cost curve. And so -- and we do expect margins to come back in 2021.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes, so I think industrial automation had some weakness building up to COVID-19 in the auto industry which is a large part of the business. And with the rolling shutdowns in manufacturing in the U.S. and Europe are predominantly big regions for the business. We're seeing that impact and obviously contract year-on-year. We did see some encouraging demand in China in the last couple of weeks of March as well as April to date. We are seeing demand pick up back to pre-COVID levels and it's an encouraging sign as an indicator of how things might return back to normal. But we're still in the early innings on that.  When I think about the business, we guided 10% to 12% OPEX growth in 2020 and we brought that down to 7% to 8%. A lot of that investment decline was really tied to the go to market for industrial automation that we've kept the focus on the product, the ecosystem, etc. But really we had an investment strategy that one, tied to investing for growth. And as the contraction and the uncertainty remains, we've moderated that spend in our plans to come down. But we believe in the fundamentals in the long run and we will as the market comes back and manufacturing comes back, we actually think COVID-19 if ever there's a hope there's a benefit out of it is to highlight the advantages and strengthening your supply chain with industrial automation. Now, this would need to be balanced by getting people back to work. But we will continue to invest in the ecosystem as well as distribution. It's just in 2020, it'll be a little bit less than we anticipated, just given the moderated revenue we're seeing.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah hi, it's Sanjay here. So, from a supply chain perspective I think we've -- our operations team and our supply partners have done yeoman's effort. And if we break it down, when this first -- pandemic first broke out in China, where we have a large contract manufacturer as well as supply chain kind of feeding it specifically, we drove a path or a task force on ensuring to get labor back, ensuring to get materials. And then the first thing we did is we kicked off our supply chain in other parts of the world. And we invested in redundancy from different supply lines into different geographic locations. And so the key takeaway is that we are building both redundancy in the component qualification that feeds our test equipment and industrial automation products and then secondly, in building capacity in different territories. And then as the pandemic grew throughout the world and as you mentioned, Malaysia, the Philippines and different South Asian countries, you had to build redundancy in logistics and the flight lines to both -- for our products to get to customers, but also for our components to actually get to the contract manufacturers to get deployed.  So there's been a significant investment that we're going to strengthen our supply chain and make sure we have clear diversification of supply if in the event the pandemic, which who knows how long it's going to go, will have that strength. And so that's I think part one. And the second thing is we are building obviously our inventories went down just really to kind of meet our demand. And as we're growing, we are currently building inventory in anticipation of delivering, as you saw, the significant range. And, the range is really tied to where do we believe where we can have a high assurance of delivery of that. So we are building inventory at this time. But I think it'll normalize as demand starts to shake out and as the market unfolds.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, so I think at the beginning of the year we anticipated a strong first half. It's kind of playing out the way we anticipated it. It is a little bit stronger in Q2 as we've guided in our range. The second half of the year is really opaque. The impact of the economic construction of the pandemic is really unclear at this point. We do know that there has been, relative to our expectations in January, a little bit more of an acceleration of adoption of the UltraFLEX Plus and Millimeter Wave and as I said earlier, given the volatility in the second half, there could be a bunch of puts and takes in the gross margin. With regards to the ramp up of the UltraFLEX, the UltraFLEX has been around for decades and has a long tail. So we don't necessarily see a huge obsolescence risk with the transition as it occurs.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, so Sanjay here. So, first of all, we don't comment on specific customers. We obviously did disclose in the annual report that ValveA [ph] and affiliates did procure 11% of our business last year, but we specifically won't comment. We did have one 10% customer this quarter.
Sanjay Mehta: I think from a mix perspective I will comment on the specific numbers, but semi testers will -- as you said will be very strong. And as we've messaged as part of mobility, we do expect system test to decline a tad or to decline.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah hi, it is Sanjay here. So, first thing with IA, as we enter into this market we believe that it's on a rapid growth trajectory over the mid-term. We're seeing the impact obviously of the auto weakness in the pandemic but inherently in that our fixed cost as a percentage of the businesses is much higher because we do internal manufacturing. And so we do outsource some subcomponents but fundamentally we inherently have a higher fixed cost structure just because we believe we have a leadership position and that's one of our attributes to hold on to that leadership position. So there is a higher fixed cost component.  The second comment is in 2019 we were profitable, we had plans even though it was a heavy investment year that we've kind of redacted down tied to revenue. We believe we would have a profitable year. In the first quarter with the contraction we weren’t profitable. 
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, so it is Sanjay here. So, really we're predicting a downward bias in Q2 just given the fact that there's a lot of filter in place, manufacturing locations are still down. And so we do see a further contraction. Looking forward as I said earlier we did see signs of improvement what I would call getting back to an initial innings in China pre-COVID levels but it's really too early to tell how fast the recovery would be. And we did enter it -- we did enter in the last quarter a little bit of weakness with automotive.
