Sanjay Mehta: Thank you, Mark. Good morning, everyone. Today, I’ll provide details on our Q3 results, update you on the impact of the new trade regulations and describe our Q4 outlook. Now to Q3. Third quarter sales were $827 million, with non-GAAP EPS of $1.15. Non-GAAP gross margins were 58.7% and our non-GAAP operating expenses were $247 million. About flat with second quarter OpEx due to implemented spending controls. Non-GAAP operating profit was 28.8%. We had one, 10% customer in the quarter. The tax rate, excluding discrete items, for the quarter was 18.7% on a non-GAAP basis. Please note, you should now use 17.25% for the full year non-GAAP tax rate. Looking at the results from a business unit perspective. Semi Test revenue was $576 million with SOC revenue contributing $451 million and memory of $125 million. We cleared some supply constraints, which enabled the highest level of memory shipments in the past two years. In memory, the transitions to new memory standards in both flash and DRAM, along with strong demand from indigenous China customers drove the results. In SOC, the increasing semi content for EVs, autonomous driving and infotainment and autos, along with continued strength in analog industrial contributed to the demand. System Test group had revenue of $116 million with Storage Test delivering $70 million in Defense and aerospace and production board test $46 million. In Wireless Test at LitePoint, revenue was $46 million in the quarter, down 33% year-over-year, primarily because of lower WiFi revenue tied to declining PC and smartphone end markets. Now to Industrial Automation. IA revenue was $89 million with UR contributing $73 million and MiR $16 million. MiR results include auto guidance. As Greg noted, a large portion of IA sales are outside the U.S. For the first nine months, 41% of IA sales were in Europe, 29% in the U.S. and 11% in China and the remainder in the rest of the world. From a financial perspective in IA, the group was slightly above breakeven on a non-GAAP operating basis in the third quarter. And for the full year, we expect to be about breakeven. Below the 5% to 15% profit range planned for the group. As growth has slowed this year, we’ve also slowed the growth in OpEx. Shifting to supply. Looking at Q4, we continue to face supply issues, but the supply trend continues to improve relative to three months ago. These supply bottlenecks noted at the beginning of each quarter have moved from $50 million in Q3 to about $15 million in the fourth quarter. These amounts are outside the high end of our guidance range. Switching to a strategic issue. We manufacture certain products and deliver certain engineering services in China for our global customers. While recent U.S. government actions have no immediate impact to these operations, due to concerns about potential future impacts, we are accelerating our strategy to expand our manufacturing and engineering service capabilities in other countries. In manufacturing, this work has been underway for several years and we’re accelerating the work to complete our expansion strategy in the next several quarters. In Engineering Services, the transition will likely take most of 2023 to achieve. Shifting to the balance sheet and cash flow. [Technical Difficulty]
Sanjay Mehta: I’ll go back to shifting to the balance sheet. Shifting to the balance sheet and cash flow. Our cash and marketable securities at the end of the quarter totaled approximately $900 million about flat with Q2. We had $233 million in free cash flow in the quarter and our DSO came down from 74 to 58 days. Uses of cash in the quarter included share buybacks of $217 million, dividend payments of $17 million and debt retirement of $10 million. Due to opportunistic buying through the year, we finished our $750 million share repurchase plan for 2022 full three months ahead of the original schedule. Our Board has authorized continued opportunistic share repurchases in Q4. Since our program began in 2015, we’ve repurchased 74 million shares at an average price of $45.85. Regarding debt, to date, $397 million of convertible bonds have early converted. Now to our revolver. During Q3, we worked with our banking partners and have increased the capacity of the revolver to $750 million from $400 million. Our credit facility is in place until December 2026. Now to our outlook for Q4. As Greg noted, our outlook is ahead of what we expected three months ago, driven mainly by Semi Test. Sales in Q4 are expected to be between $670 million and $750 million with non-GAAP EPS in a range of $0.62 to $0.86 on 164 million diluted shares. Fourth quarter guidance excludes the amortization of acquired intangibles. Fourth quarter gross margins are estimated at 56% to 57% down from Q3 due to lower volume, product mix and spending on accelerated – on accelerating our manufacturing and service delivery resiliency. OpEx is expected to run at 34% to 38% of fourth quarter sales. On a non-GAAP operating – the non-GAAP operating profit rate at the midpoint of our fourth quarter guidance is 21%. Looking at the full year of 2022. At the midpoint of our guidance, 2022 revenue will be $3.1 billion with an EPS of $4.08. Gross margin for the full year should be approximately 59%. Regarding OpEx for the full year, we spent a bit lower than planned in Q3 in both tests and IA businesses. We expect the full year OpEx will be about $1 billion up about 3% from 2021 at the midpoint of our Q4 guidance. Recall, our operating model flexes OpEx with revenue, so growth is naturally trended down through the year. A couple of points looking ahead at 2023, first, gross margins. I will note that because of the additional spending on supply resiliency forecasted product mix, we expect Q1 gross margin will be similar to Q4’s level. Second, tax rate, in 2023 is forecasted to be at 17%. We’ll update our midterm operating model in our January call. Summing it all up, we’re expecting higher revenue and profit in the second half of the year than prior update in July. Declines in our test portfolio were less than forecasted, offset by weaker IA business driven by FX, continued economic challenges in Europe and labor scarcity in the channel. For 2022, OpEx spending will increase year-over-year approximately 3% versus the 11% to 13% anticipated at the beginning of the year as revenue forecasts have declined from our view in January. In a challenging environment, regardless if the driver is economic downturn, regulatory changes, supply shortages, labor scarcity or whatever may come our way, we’re confident we have a great team, strategy, operating model and experience to lead us through whatever lies ahead. We will continue to focus on our customers and the long-term opportunities in tests and industrial automation markets. With that, I’ll turn things over to Andy.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. Hi, CJ, it’s Sanjay. So addressing gross margins and I’ll get to the resiliency plans. So think of Q4 as roughly a third, a third, a third volume decline product mix, and then resiliency spending of the bridge from Q3 to Q4. And a lot of that continues into Q1. Getting into the resiliency plans, for the past couple of years we’ve been working to, on what I call a multi-country manufacturing approach. We’ve obviously grown over the last several years and we had to increase capacity. So we fundamentally took the approach to have redundant capacity in both different geographies, and not just from manufacturing, but from a supply chain perspective. And from that we’ve chosen to accelerate over the next couple of quarters. So what you’re seeing is an accelerated spend on the manufacturing. And then from an engineering services perspective, again to create capacity in different locations that’ll take a little bit longer into the second half of 2023.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. So first, let me ground you – and as I’ve said in my prepared remarks, this year, we plan to come in approximately 59% are on model. There’s no change to our operating model that we’re managing the business at 59% to 60%. I think I outlined in Q1 that we expect some headwinds tied to product mix as well as spending on resiliency accelerations. We’re just going through the planning phase right now for 2023 and we’ll be able to provide a little bit more color in the January call, but we fundamentally manage the business at 59% to 60% gross margins. And in any given quarter, those are going to oscillate tied to product mix and kind of what’s happening in the environment.
Sanjay Mehta: I pointed out there were sort of two factors involved. There is a slowdown in spend primarily in Europe due to economic conditions. And there, you do see some customers that are implementing capital freezes or limiting their investments. In other regions, the labor scarcity in the channel is the primary factor. What we see with our partners is that they actually are maintaining very high project backlogs and they’re trying to work through those projects and add to their capacity at the same time, so that they’re able to support a higher level of business. So we haven’t seen a pullback in regions other than Europe, it’s much more a constraint – a capacity constraint in our traditional distributor channel.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Good question, Mehdi. We’re – as I said earlier in the Q&A, we’re currently preparing our plans for 2023, and we’ll provide an update. But I will say, in January, we thought OpEx was going to grow of this year, 11% to 13%. Our operating model, obviously, with the macro environment and our projections coming down for the back half of 2022 and then for the full year, our operating model has a very little compensation declining OpEx and we also implemented spending controls. So what I can guide is that we’re going to have a plan that’s integrated and ties to revenue and a market view. And then if the environmental conditions change, we’ll course correct as you’ve seen us do this year.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. From a manufacturing standpoint, you should think about it from both manufacturing and supply chain, but think about other countries in Southeast Asia, Malaysia, Thailand, and then from an engineering services resiliency, think about Southeast Asia, but also think about other parts of the globe like in Europe.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think that industrial is probably something we’re looking to soften a little bit in 2023 and automotive at the moment is just, there’s no sign of that. It’s very strong. We’re at a year where the market size for automotive and semiconductors is all time peak. But the ADAS and EV content is on such a dramatic rise that it could very well be that next year has a flattening, but at the moment we don’t see it softening, certainly not through Q1.
Mark Jagiela: Most of that headwind is memory. There’s not really a lot of incremental restrictions that we have related to China OSAT, so that’s not really a headwind for us.
Mark Jagiela: Well, first of all, in industrial automation, our Q1 is always down from Q4, so that is a factor here. And it’s reasonably significant. So that is one thing. But in the case of Semi Test, we do see some incremental weakening in industrial, which we spoke about. The China headwinds we talked about around memory will start to impact us in Q1 as well. So the combination of those two are kind of what leads us into that estimate for Q1.
Mark Jagiela: Well, I don’t think we’re being conservative or optimistic in terms of beyond Q1. We just don’t have visibility. And so we could be speculative maybe. But it’s just being a little bit prudent of what we know versus what we speculate. And I think the days of inventory in the semiconductor supply chain suggest as just digestion needed. And that should be something that’s already starting and perhaps works its way through by next summer in many of these markets. But the bottom line is we don’t know. And so we don’t want to go out too far on our speculation.
Mark Jagiela: Sure. It’s very – it’s likely that’s the case. But on the other hand, there’s offsets to that, that I mentioned. Our largest customer probably is going to be stronger. And so there’s offsets to what is, let’s say, likely to be digestion in some of those markets. But in our neck of the woods around mobility, 2022 was unprecedentedly weak because of the factors around product migration and complexity growth that worked against our neck of the woods. That’s going to work in our favor a little bit next year to offset some of what you’re referring to.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So first of all, testers reuse, yes, 100%. There’s no obsolescence in the short-term on the SoC AP test side. This has been true for 10-plus years. The testers do not often obsolete themselves. We will come to that point at some point in the next four years or five years where that will begin to happen, but not in the short-term. On the drivers of test demand at our largest customer subject for a little bit. I’m going to answer it a little bit broader than just the modem because I don’t want to speculate or get into our customers’ introduction plans on any specific device. But in general, when we look at 2022, now that we understand and it’s public that, A, the new processor for phones that was introduced in 2022 only went to the high-end phone models and that new processor being the last processor built on 5-ish nanometer was only a 6% growth in transistor count. So very modest complexity growth, really muted the demand from that our largest customer this year. Drove them below 10%, and that’s all kind of clear. Now if we look forward, the combination of what you described, the introduction of a new line of silicon when that happens will be a bump. And I’m not going to say if it’s when, but that’s obviously in the pipe. Another bump is 3-nanometer for the apps processor for 2023 phones. If, in fact, that occurs, it’s likely that it will be a pretty significant complexity bump, not 6%, but probably back in the 20% to 30% complexity growth that we’ve seen historically with a new node. That gets muted a little bit though because it’s likely it will still only go into the top end phone models. While this year’s 6% incremental complex part waterfalls down to the other models. So the other models in 2023 aren’t going to see much of a bump, but the high-end phone will. That’s what kind of gives us this view that they could go back to being greater than 10, but less than historical peaks. Then let’s look forward to 2024. We see another significant bump in complexity at the high end that phone app processor that was introduced in 2023 would likely waterfall down to the other models. And then the full product line in 2024 is likely to see a significant jump in complexity. So this is sort of how the movie plays out. And then on top of that, there’s new silicon. There’s also high-performance computing. All of that moving to 3-nanometer. But it’s just going to be partially I think in 2023 and probably more fully in 2024. I’m sorry if that’s too long an answer.
Mark Jagiela: Well, we’ll update you on the 2024 plan in January. But what I just described gives you some understanding of why we think 2024 is probably a pretty strong year. In 2023, as usual, our quarters are lumpy. So our largest customer tends to tool in Q3 and Q4. So we would expect a bit of a bump there. But one thing we can’t predict very well is the macroeconomic conditions that are going to occur. The digestion of inventory in the channel and those things, we have some ability to think about a model. But if the world is going to be in a recessionary environment or – and the effect of that on both semiconductors and IA is a little bit harder for us at this juncture to suss out. What I did say though is that 12 months is kind of a normal cycle here to go through. So that would suggest come third quarter next year, we should start to see a broader recovery, if it’s like anything in the past.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think DDR5 is the only bright spot next year. The rest is kind of very tenuous. And I would expect the first half of next year, we’re going to see other than DDR5 pretty weak demand as people are trying to balance fab capacity, inventory with end market demand. So I don’t – earlier, I said maybe memory might – there’s an argument that memory will hold up next year as a market for test because of the DDR5 transition, I think that’s possible. I think it’s more likely though we see that happen, but NAND fall off a bit stronger. And so a little bit more of a anchor on the market next year for memory than a balloon because of DDR5. And then we have the specific issue around China, where we’ve been our overall market share in memory test is somewhere around 40%. But in China, it’s been north of 50%. And this issue with one of our customers in China, which we may be prohibited from selling to is kind of going to be for Teradyne probably a net negative for memory test revenue in 2023.
Mark Jagiela: There is some test that’s occurred, but a lot of it is in that sort of Die Bank area, keeping the fabs running as kind of something that makes economic sense. But finishing the product doesn’t make sense until the demand materializes.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. Well, it’s not zero in Q4 or next year. So that’s maybe one comment. The profitability is not distinctively different than any – than our global margin. So there’s no difference there. But there’s a portion of the market in China will continue to serve. China overall, I think Sanjay mentioned is roughly 16% – 15%, 16% of the company’s revenue. Half of that is multinationals that really are not subject to any restrictions around this set of regulations. So about 8% of our annual sales, let’s say, are two indigenous Chinese companies. And then roughly half of that might be memory. And then a fraction of that is this headwind of this one customer.
Mark Jagiela: Well, serve the multinationals, but there’s a portion of the indigenous China memory market that we still can serve under the current regulation regime.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think that’s likely. You’re right. I think some of the things that have contributed to getting the auto market up to the $700 million TAM level are a lot of these new technologies. But underneath that, there’s a kind of core piece of legacy technologies that I would expect would soften as we get out of this sort of frenzy of trying to replenish the supply chain on those parts. So what I was saying is we don’t see that coming in Q1. It’s kind of not something we baked into Q1. But for 2023, that underlying, let’s say, legacy piece of automotive technology is likely to come down.
Greg Smith: Yes. As usual, with our largest customer, the visibility comes pretty late, April of next year. We do get signs as early as this time of the year, which is why we have the sort of commentary on it going back above 10% for them. But it’s not going to go back to greater than 20%. We don’t believe where we’ve seen prior peaks, primarily because the 3 nanometer move in 2023 will be for a fraction of the phone models that that will be introduced. So that will expand as we go beyond 2023 and we would expect it to continue to grow, therefore, that business piece. Outside of that, we’ve talked a bit in these calls about design wins in emerging vertically integrated non-traditional semiconductor companies. That should be another growth engine for us as we look into 2023. So I didn’t call that out as a specific balloon, but that sits there as well on top.
Greg Smith: Well, it’s interesting. So first on memory. Although you’re right on the WFE estimates, a lot of what’s going to happen in memory, especially DRAM next year, is the shift to DDR5 finally for server applications. That requires a brand new test platform. So we actually think that memory next year for a test will actually be pretty good. It may be, let’s say, flattish with 2022 levels. It could, because on the NAND side it could come down a little bit, but we’re pretty optimistic given what we’re hearing from our customers because of the DDR5 transition. In SOC from a TAM point of view, I would expect the overall TAM to be a little bit weaker because the late in the year, declines in the PC markets, the compute markets, I think will precipitate into a lull in capacity adds early next year. And that will get offset, of course, by let’s say, some mobility growth related to 3-nanometer. But maybe the falloff on the PC side – the impact of the falloff on the PC side might be more pronounced than the growth on the mobility side. And let’s say, automotive remains relatively strong. Industrial weakens a bit. So I could see it being marginally down next year, the first half much more so. I think that’s where we’re going to see the sort of digestion around capacity for PC test and such come to fruition.
Greg Smith: So it is a little premature. We haven’t fully worked out our complete plans, but I think you have hit some of the major factors that are going to go into that equation. So one thing is that the reason that we are talking about our results in constant currency is that we do expect a more stable FX environment in 2023. And that alone would add significantly to the growth that we saw in 2022 because that was like a 10-point headwind to where we are. Beyond that, we do expect significant impact from new products, both from UR and from MiR in 2023. And we also are going to continue to grow our complementary channels like OEM at similar rates to what we saw in 2022, but off of a larger base. So overall, they’re going to have a greater impact on growth in 2023 than they had in 2022. So in other words, we are expecting these new things to help out with growth, we believe that our distribution partners are going to work on labor scarcity, but we are not counting on them to completely solve it in 2023.
