Mark Jagiela: Yeah. I think it’s obviously a little difficult for us to project with any precision in the second half times are pretty short in IA. But I think first, you should expect to see an uptick in the second half and IA kind of similar to what you’ve seen in past years, first half to second half. So, I do think we’re going to see growth over the first half and the second half and it’ll be proportional to what we’ve seen so far in past years. And in terms of where we’ll end up in the year, in that 30% to 40% target that we set, I think we’re going to be below that, as I mentioned, somewhere, I probably give it a wide range somewhere in that low-mid 20s to up to that 30 number.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, we talked that through a bit in the past. We said that when we’re up and running full speed mean, the majority of the 1.5 billion world handsets have millimeter wave capability embedded. We should see about a $300 million to $400 million increase to the Semi Test TAM. So, in my remarks, I sort of said that’s the last phase of this thing and we’ve always said that sort about 2021 plus when that happens. So, we’re still in that early infrastructure for primarily sub 6G deployments. Yes, there’s here and there scattered deployments of millimeter wave infrastructure in the U.S., but nothing compared to sort of the much more major rollout going on in China for sub 60.
Mark Jagiela: And then just maybe a comment on MiR, a little bit. So MiR has – had a very ambitious plan tied to its earn out from day one. And as we sit here in Q2 and look at where we think the full year will turn out, originally to sort of max out in this year, they would have had to have roughly doubled in sales. And where we sit now, given the first half result is, we’re probably going to be in the certainly much greater than 50% range, but the doubling potential given some of the headwinds that Sanjay mentioned is less.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, so let me give you a few guide points on that. So, I do think because of the strengthening Semi Test environment we’re seeing that first versus second half Semi Test revenues are probably going to be about flat. And as I mentioned earlier, IA should be up. So that gets to the comments that I made that the second half should be a bit stronger than the first. So, and then, the complexity drive of the business, I think, when you look at the two things that are happening this year, despite the fact that handset unit volumes are declining, and have essentially been flat to declining for several years now, we still see a very robust uptake of demand for Semiconductor Testers. So obviously not unit driven, complexity driven. And the complexity drivers in the more recent years, this year and some others have been around, a lot of that is the related to the increase in the number of and the density of the cameras that are going into phones. Some of the higher end phones coming out this year will have six cameras in them. And that propagates throughout the phone in terms of complexity, the amount of NAND Flash goes up the speed with which the NAND Flash goes up, same thing with DRAM. So, all of this is part of the complexity story for cell phones that drives our business. And we’re yet to get into the high bandwidth, 5G related silicon that’s coming. So that’s sort of the thesis we’ve had. I think, the evidence so far as it’s playing out pretty well.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, so once again, I think Europe and North America are really tied to the slowdown in the auto industry. I believe that, just to talk a little bit like we still believe we’re in a nascent market and once again, we did grow, overall, the 20% in the quarter. And in these nascent markets, we continue to invest in different applications for things like bin picking that will drive a wave of adoption, or we’re investing in new market verticals like hospitals, for example, with MiR, there’s roughly 80 mobile robots deployed in hospitals. And then we’re also investing in large accounts. And so, the – and these large accounts typically have a little bit longer design cycle and qualification process, as they’re evaluating different competitors. But we really see, again, we really see a big market going forward, we believe we’re helping to create and drive this and what we’re looking for the market to reaccelerated spending to then pull the products forward. Thank you.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, I’ll just say what I said before, I’m not going to comment on any specific customer. But the thing in smartphones, one of the key things has been the proliferation of more cameras, denser cameras, more pixels and more test time. So, without unit growth that complexity growth, and that extends into memory, is why we see a strong, one key element of why we see a strong smartphone semiconductor test market this year.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, yeah, I didn’t expect to see that in my lifetime. And I don’t expect that will persist. But look at I think what we’ve been talking about consistently, is still the case that the growing sub segment of memory test tends to be gathering around the high speed variants of DRAM and flash. So, what we saw in the second quarter with a continuation of this deep sort of NAND flash final test business we saw in Q1, a lot of the adder is due to wafer test. It’s the wafer test of both DRAM and flash final test. So, if you said quarter-on-quarter growth, what’s the main important component of that, it’s the wafer test piece.
Mark Jagiela: No, I wouldn't think of it that way. And the 300 million to 400 million that we talked about for the 5G business incorporates phones, base stations and the infrastructure associated with 5G. So, it's all one thing.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, look I think first of all the 300 million to $400 million TAM increase this year isn't exclusively base station. There's also smartphone, silicon that I talked about that's higher than our expectation related back to a lot of it these image sensor trends. So, it's a combination of phones and base stations, what we're seeing this year. And then as you project out, you know, over time, the base station piece of this should have good legs for several years to come. And everything else being equal, there should be continued growth for several years. But then that will taper off, maybe it's around 2021-2022 and a handset piece will take over as your main drive.
Mark Jagiela: So, it depends on what year you want to talk about. If you want to talk about the next three years, it's not going to get all the way up to that 300 million to 400 million rate, it'll be below that it'll be primarily driven by base stations. After that two to four, sort of two to five years out, it will get up to the 300 to 400 million pattern. And at that point, it will be mostly base station. So, this, let's say the next two couple of years, it's let's say 200 million to 300 million, after that it's 300 to 400 million and there's a shift from infrastructure.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, we've talked about that business too, we said that adds about $100 million to the market. And its mostly phones, but there's also a lot of, you know, with Wi-Fi 6 and coming 7 gigahertz band Wi Fi, there's a lot of access points and infrastructure there that will also grow. So that's probably you know 20% of LitePoint's business, but it's meaningful.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, we really don't break that out. Maybe, we'll look at that to see if we can do that going forward. But at the moment, we've really haven't consolidated that.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, so FR1 is less of an opportunity for all of us than FR2, but there is still growth as FR1 rolls out. And the competitive dynamics in that business, we've talked about it before, it's a crowded market. The thing that LitePoint specializes in is on production test optimization. Their products really are not designed for R&D purposes. And therefore, you know, I think in the production test market, although there are four or five competitors for development test, there's truly fewer for production test, we may be three, instead of five. So yeah, it's a little bit crowded, but I think for production tests, a little bit less crowded than you might expect.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, I'm not exactly sure what you're referring to, certainly enter posers are part of the sandwich that makes the tester doctor wafer, but we haven't made any announcements around these specific products there and we're not ready to talk about any of that.
Mark Jagiela: And just on the larger count discussion, so yes, in the first quarter, we added a couple of large accounts that I was describing that we’re rolling out cobots and sort of this 20-ish to 30-ish units per month rate, those customers continue to perform and continue down that path. And we had this other large account that I mentioned in my remarks, it’s now up over 1000 robots. So, they’re obviously – that’s occurred by the way over about a three year period. So, they’re obviously rolling out at much at a much higher rate than that. We didn’t have anything of that magnitude in additionally, in Q2 to talk about in terms of somebody else who’s in that 20 to 30 a month rate, but there are those in the pipeline. Hopefully, our plan would be to talk about those if we get permission in coming quarters.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, so let’s talk about automotive first. Traditionally automotive has sort of been this 400 million test market for us, mainly, it breaks into microcontrollers and say control engine control, control systems, and then power analog, the actual actuators. So, it’s split between our J750 Tester line and our Eagle Tester. Overtime as the electrification of vehicles has been moving forward, and complexity is increasing, more and more of those devices are finding their way on to our UltraFLEX SOC platforms. So, there’s a migration occurring. But as I’ve talked about automotive before, we saw three very strong years of automotive demand that was sort of unprecedented from 2016 through 2018. This year, the demand is maybe down 40%, from what hasn’t been running out for those three year average. So, it’s been a pretty significant pause. That’s normal I would have expected it earlier than that occurred. And it typically doesn’t last much more than a year, year and a half at most. So, I think that’s – that’s fine. In the industrial space, similar products, product lines, it’s the J750 moving to the UltraFLEX and Eagle Test platform. And the trends there are very similar, maybe not down as hard as auto, perhaps it’s only down 30% or so compared to where it’s been running the past couple of years. But in a similar way, we expect that last for about a year or so and then there’s a recovery after that.
Mark Jagiela: So again, if automotive 400 million out of an SOC, let’s say market, that’s normally 26 or 27, you can do the math, and then the linear one is probably more nominally 300, 350 the industrial.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, so I’m not going to comment specifically about any one customer. But I will say that whether or not any customer is kind of buying a head of demand or not, is something we’re always trying to triangulate on. And if we look at what we saw in the second quarter, in terms of buying, there’s no evidence that there was any buying a head of demand in the second quarter. We’ve got we look at that constantly. We got it like you said, we try and get a shipment of in products out with what we know we’re supplying in and see if that all adds up. But all I can say is that through the second quarter, we don’t see disconnect.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, it’s probably a subtle distinction. But it’s essentially being driven by the same thing. So, you have, in a 5G rollout, you have the radio access network, which has antenna modules, down converters, then you have modems. And then you have a backhaul to network processing. And the networking we talked about is sort of the connection of the backhaul through the network processing related to 5G infrastructure.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, so last year, the SOC market was – had a phenomenal peak year of about $3 billion in size. So, at the current midpoint, we’re talking about 2.6, 2.7, 2.8 something like that. So, it’s still down, it’s down maybe that 10% range.
Mark Jagiela: SOC test business this year, I think, go back to what I said. We’re not specifically guiding the full year there, but we expect our second half to be a roughly equivalent to our first half. So, you can define it from that.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, so it depends really, it’s – it’s hard to get have a rule of thumb there, because first of all generation to generation, the devices themselves obviously get more complex and have more transistors. So, everything else being equal test time would go up generation to generation, there’s a good correlation between transistor count, and test time. However, now and then certain things happen to optimize the test methodology that could be some architectural thing in the tester that allows more efficient testing. So, you might find a generation where the device got more complex, but test time didn’t go up or it could be a test technique, or a quality issue that improved on the customer side. So, in general, with highly complex digital silicon, we kind of see that 10% to 20% natural migration in test time offset by some of these other onetime events.
Mark Jagiela: No, we didn’t, we specifically won’t call that out in the quarter. However, at the end of the year in the 10-K, we will provide disclosure. And I just remind you that, customer buying patterns are what I would call a little lumpy. So, having a 10% customer in the quarter doesn’t surprise me, but we will provide that disclosure at the end of the year, should they be greater than 10% for the entire year.
Mark Jagiela: No, I don’t think we’re going to get into that. But if obviously this situation persists, we’ll be talking about it as we get into next year.
Mark Jagiela: Okay, that's about wraps it up folks. Thank you for joining us. And as a reminder, if you have follow-up questions, please reach out to me directly.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, so I think – it’s Sanjay here. So, specifically, I think you’ll see continued – the Semi Test business will continue along with the drivers of the 5G infrastructure. And as Mark mentioned, you should see an increase in the Industrial Automation, similar to what you’ve seen increases in the past. I think some of our other businesses like LitePoint, the growth was really driven by the new wireless standards, the Wi-Fi 6 or 11ax, 7 gigahertz are the examples and you should see continued on that front. And then on the System Test group, which did grow 25% kind of quarter-over-quarter in Q2 to $73 million. You should see continued growth there. And really from our hard disk drive business, really driven by the datacenter, the enterprise disk drives going into datacenters, as well as the defense and aerospace business which are typically large programs, large deployment programs with government agencies, and there some large ones are moving into the deployment phase.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah. So, I think from UR perspective, I think we’re seeing you’re right 10%. And really when I think about the markets of – in my prepared remarks, I commented on Europe and North America, you’re really seeing the impact of the slowdown tied to automotive. Many other the robotics companies are actually showing negative year-on-year results. However, there was, we did see strength in Asia Pacific, I think of China, Korea and in Japan, and so we – we’re looking forward, we actually expect that to continue to be relatively strong. We’ll have to get back to you on the month on – the monthly profile. I don’t have that hand.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, I think that’s what Tim was asking, hopefully. Okay. We’re looking into Q3, we still see very strong demand, a lot of it related to the infrastructure. So, I think raising the TAM at this point is really a good solid basis. So, I think the other part of your question was how much license does that have into next year. And I think it’s too early for us to tell. There a large build out going on in China. And there’s plans for that to continue over the next several years, in fact, it’s not like it’s going to be over at the end of this year. On the other hand, there’s all kinds of other economic conditions and tariffs and things that could temper that. So, I wouldn’t call lot of Olympiad talking about specifically next year, other than to suggest that the early innings of this, as I said, my comments are generating a significant uptick in the Semi Test market. And that should allow us to build confidence in our mid-terms earnings model that is actually relatively modest in market growth. And so, we still – we feel pretty good about what’s happening this year as a positive proof against that model.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah. Hi, it's Sanjay, I'll take that one. So LitePoint is profitable and you should think about it a little bit above, currently running a little bit above our company average and indeed, includes shipments to support 5G and will continue to grow.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, hi, it's Sanjay. So actually, what we're seeing in China is actually a return to growth. And what we're finding is that customers are taking a look at the competition. And I think as it was mentioned on the last call, what they're finding is that hardware is still a differentiation, because basically run the cobot 24/7 kind of three shifts, we can sustain the performance from a hardware perspective, not to mention the software, the ecosystem and the other benefits. But even from a hardware perspective, where we continue to outperform the competition. Now, that's not to say that the competition isn't coming. We are seeing competitors come and be around specifically in China, but if anything, we actually have a little bit more of an enhanced view as the year is unfolded.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, it's Sanjay. I'll speak to the EBITDA targets and kind of what's going on. So, first thing is, again, I'll reiterate, we believe in the long term of this market, and we're going to continue to invest. And really you should think about it as trade off where we're going to continue to invest if we believe in the mid and long term, we're going to reap benefits from a revenue perspective in those investments. So, our first priority is to make sure we're developing competitive differentiator either in product channel or the ecosystem to drive revenue, and will forego a little bit of operating profit through those investments to obtain that, really from an investment standpoint. And I think in 2018, roughly our operating profit was 16%. And what you should expect in the short term is that – that is going to be plus or minus. In the long term, we do expect that our investments will be leveraged and will grow towards the company average.
