Mark Jagiela: Yeah. So, good question. Certainly auto is going to be up sequentially in 2020. We've talked about that market being at a normalized, let's say maybe more of a peak run rate in the $400 million to $500 million range, it's been sort of 200 million last year. So, this year that should be up at least 150 million, maybe 200 million. It's really right now a bit of a rush for capacity. And we don't know exactly when the demand profile of orders are going to taper off here. So, it could go higher if this persists. So that's the color on auto. In mobility, I think it's harder for us to see that at the moment because of the significant impact of our largest customer on both us in the market, which doesn't really become solidified until April-ish of the year. So, we're looking at it, sort of, flat plus or minus $100 million in mobility.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, I think – that's a good question. I think all other groups are going to be better than 30. And some of them like AutoGuide are small, so I think they'll pull up the average, be ahead of UR and MiR UR should be about the same for the year.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, I think that's certainly a balloon for the year Mehdi. You know, maybe we're going to double the number of millimeter wave enabled phones in 2021, but yes, last year, if you recall, there was also a significant step up in the hundreds of millions of units of millimeter wave enabled phones were brought to market last year. So, if you add another 200 million to 300 million additional millimeter wave enabled units this year, and let's say that brings the global total to 600 million units out of 1.4 billion, you're essentially adding about as much capacity maybe a little bit more, because there'll be more than let's say last year, added 250, this year might add 350 million units. So yes, there will be a little bit of growth in additional millimeter wave test capacity. But last year was a pretty big year too.
Mark Jagiela: Okay, you know, I always am a bit reluctant to be too specific on any one customer. So, I'm going to speak more to the segment, a bit, which I'll bundle compute and mobility together here. So, last year was incredibly strong in both our traditional mobility market because of the complexity growth of phones, which we alluded to, and the fact that we did enter compute as a new segment. So, we ended up with additional revenues in compute last year that, you know, north of $50 million for the first year in that market. So, as we think about this year, the issue of smartphone unit growth and complexity growth of the apps processor, the camera systems and such in the phones is part of the equation, and we have a reasonably good read on that. On the compute side, there's a lot of moving parts there. And there's a lot – since it's a new market for us and a new market for some of our customers that has the bigger range of potential outcomes for the year. You know, so that's the one we're triangulating on. That could be up significantly over last year. It could be up modestly over last year, but at this point, we really can't be too specific.
Mark Jagiela: Just one thing, I’m going to add on to that commentary around the industrial automation business to remind people that what we focus on right now during the high growth phase of that business is sales growth and gross margin. And the bottom line, as Sanjay mentioned, if we're at breakeven, we're happy as long as we can sort of adhere to or exceed the Rule of 40. And through the mid-term, we think we expect to be close to that kind of up top line growth rates. And what we bring down to the bottom line will, kind of depend on the size of the growth, what we see ahead of us. And if we're growing at 50% and breakeven, we're happy as [indiscernible] and if the growth rates come down below 20%, we'll start dropping more and more down to the bottom line.
Mark Jagiela: And I’d just add to that, that certainly automotive was one of the most hard hit aspects of URs business. You know, automotive has been running in the high 30s, 40% of the business coming into 2020 that contracted dramatically because of COVID, down, you know, to the point that it was in the low-20s. And I would say it's certainly at this point, although back and growing it hasn't come back yet to where it should be in our portfolio.  As issues around the semiconductor supply chain and other things have sort of crimped some of the ambitions of car companies to ramp volumes here, there's a little bit to go still. But our footprint over time since we acquired UR has been reducing in the automotive segment, not so much because automotive is not growing, of course, but it's just that our expansion into the other areas that Sanjay mentioned has been and we expect over time, that automotive component will continue to decline as a percentage of our sales.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. Good question. So, to be frank with you, we had a good year. We grew, you know, 50-ish percent in the year, but we didn't hit our target. And part of this is extended evaluations that the larger accounts that you're referencing, and it's been very difficult in a small business like AutoGuide’s case in a COVID area to acquire new customers and get the pilot production validation work done in the same timeframe that we could have gotten it done in a non-COVID world. So, we've seen some extension of those [eval], but we're in the some of the boutique name brands for [evals] that you would hope we are in both the industrial manufacturing side, as well as the e-commerce side and logistics side of life. So, we're hoping that this year is going to be the big breakout year. It's the kind of business that should at least be doubling, if not more, once these big accounts latch, but we did – if any place sort of had a big impact from COVID last year, it was AutoGuide because of the whole, you know, new customer acquisition is the whole game there at this point.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. So, if you look at China, I think you need to separate memory and SOC, because it's quite different. On the memory side, there will be growth in China this year in test as well. And we – or we expect that at least. And so that's a healthy growing mid-term profile, I'd say for China. On SOC, it's really a little bit more difficult to see growth occurring this year. Because the impact of the trade restrictions on Huawei and HiSilicon are tremendous in terms of their buying power in the market historically. What they buy in both silicon and then test capacity for that silicon has been severely hampered. And then further restrictions on other companies like SMIC and such are much smaller factors, but are headwinds against growth. So, I think SOC is likely to contract, memory is going to grow, but net-net, you know, it's not going to be hugely down, but it'll probably be done a little bit on the test side of life.
Mark Jagiela: And I would just say, if you go back to what we said, if you look at that pie chart of the mix, when we get up to 2024, IA should be a bigger mix of our revenues and tests. So, test will continue to grow and will have a very high drop through, it'll be very efficient and if that's all you're looking at, yes, bottom line, profitability should increase, but on the IA side it's more likely that we'll be growing more rapidly, and we'll be pulling up gross margins for the enterprise with the IA business. But on the bottom line, you know, we're being a bit conservative on how much we plan to drop through there, because we want to keep investing for more and more growth. So, it kind of just depends on what's the investment profile in IA and we've modeled in, you know we're not going to optimize for profit in the mid-term there, we're optimizing for growth.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah. So, most of what we have in our pipeline is consistent with the kind of things we've been investing in and acquiring in the past five years to six years. Industrial automation, modestly sized investments, let's say relative to our market cap. However, we have expanded our aperture a bit to look in the test space, and areas that are correlated to test, which bring with it potentially some larger, M&A things. It's always governed by the same rich internal rate of return metrics that we always use on these things. So, whatever we do is going to be something that's more attractive to our investors than buying back our stock or, you know, that those kind of – our internal weighted cost of capital. So, that's about all I think I can say about that.
Mark Jagiela: Yeah, I think it's a possible outcome. But let me go back to what I was outlining in my remarks. When you look at the phone, there's various elements of the phone in terms of technology, apps processors, the modem, the cameras, the memory, those areas of the phone refresh and take leaps of complexity in different cadences. And in 2020, the apps processor and 5G, basically – the app processor had a big jump in complexity, and 5G proliferated throughout all the phones. So, as you look at 2021, the need for incremental 5G capacity, whereas in 2020, several, let's say 100 million units worth of phones needed 5G capacity. This year, it'll be less because the incremental unit growth there is one factor in incremental 5G capacity, plus complexity growth of the 5G modem itself. So, 5G is big in 2020, not as big in 2021. That leaves what's happening with the cameras, what's happening with power management, what's happening with the screen resolution, other things could be balloons that pull it back up, but I do think you do have that. 5G has happened for that one area of our mobility customer base.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. So, you know, China, if for some reason, the restrictions on China ease and more indigenous Chinese makers start to grow again. I think it's neutral. You know, as business shifted out of China in 2020, it was pretty much neutral to us. There was – the customers that picked up the manufacturing of, let's say, applications, processors, or modems that would have been done by indigenous Chinese suppliers, or Teradyne customers and advanced test customers in a proportion that isn't that different than it was in China. So it ebbs and flows back and forth. I wouldn't say there's a big ramification. On the U.S. domestic supply question, you know, I think it's going to take a long time, and many, many years of a steadfast set of incentives from the government for that to mature to something significant to our business. You know, if we stick it that in the U.S. for seven, eight years, and really build up an infrastructure to manufacture semiconductors, domestically, I think it could have a bit of a positive impact. But I think it's small, I don't think because semiconductors might be manufactured in the U.S. All of a sudden, there's a propensity that they're going to buy more Teradyne equipment. It's at the margin, but nothing I would bake in as a trend line to count on.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, hi, Mehdi, it's Sanjay. Yeah, so in the earnings model, we see obviously growth in the market. As Mark alluded to, you know, more players are coming into the compute space that we can address. And with that, we feel that with the UltraFLEXplus solution we're very well-positioned, and we are projecting share growth. When we think about from a memory perspective, you know if you go back, let's say 10 years, you know, we've been on this steady increase of memory share growth, where as we continue to execute, we see continued share growth on that perspective as well. So, really growth in market size, as well as continued share growth are our drivers.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the clarification. Yes, it is. You know, with device complexity we're going 5 nanometer and then to 3 nanometer. I think both system level test, as well as ATE test take that into account.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, hi it’s Sanjay. So, IA as a whole this year was roughly just a bit better than breakeven. Obviously, with the COVID impact on multiple businesses, and the contraction in UR, you know, we're just above breakeven, but you know, fundamentally, we continue to invest in the portfolio, the ecosystem, the go to market for product and differentiation, ease of implementation. And so you should expect that to continue over the mid-term and, you know we're focused on driving the revenue growth and the investments. And so, with that we expect the margin profile to be roughly consistent with the current profile, as we – as AutoGuide is relatively new to the organization, just over a year. We expect that to, you know improve with our, you know our Teradyne supply chain, as well as other quality processes we step in.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, sure. It's Sanjay here. So, you know, in the short run we actually saw a contraction as evidenced by, you know, how our revenues were. However, I think your comments hit home with regards to plant and warehouse decision makers seeking to build resilience into their supply chains. And we view that over the mid-term as a tailwind. We are seeing, we are seeing the market obviously come back with Universal Robots. We've talked in our prepared remarks about the automotive and electronics industry, and then we're also seeing strength in a couple of other verticals.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, I think that, you know, as I articulated from – I'll touch on memory first, you know, our share right now, [is in the] low 40s, you know, we see that – we could see that growing to the mid-40s in the plan, and then from an SOC perspective, Mark talked about our normalized share level of about 50%. And we see that increasing over the mid-term.
Sanjay Mehta: So, yeah, I think what we've been saying C.J. is that we can get about a point to a point and a half a share growth a year. So, by 2024, as I mentioned, I think our normalized share is somewhere around 50, we should be up around 55, 56 by then in SOC. And in memory, share moves a little chunkier, because there's only a few players there. So, on the memory side, you know we could be in the mid-to-upper mid-40s by then, I would say, is one way to think about it. But the other piece of color in terms of aggressive versus conservative that I'd add here is, the recent investment profile of the front-end with CapEx moving up into the $70 billion range is something we haven't modeled into our mid-term plan. We've assumed that incremental fab capacity across the mid-term would be sort of consistent with the rate that it's been added for the prior four years. So, if $70 billion plus of investment in [WFE] is the new normal for the next four years, that's certainly going to drive more tests than we model.
Sanjay Mehta: I mean, gross margins, we – you should expect are relatively consistent with how we've guided Q1 in our long-term model.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, I think that, you know with an emerging market, there's still a lot of footprint to cover. So, we expect that to continue in the automotive vertical, as well as electronics and industrials, as well as other verticals.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, we're seeing also – we're seeing market drivers and verticals, adoption, and education, R&D, pharma, as well as Life Sciences, but from a starting point, obviously, we have a very strong incumbent installed base over the years that we've built in the auto vertical.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, I think that obviously, UR we've had for a little bit longer. And it is a larger percentage, but I think you're spot on that the AMR portion will grow with AutoGuide and MiR as a percentage of revenue.
Sanjay Mehta: Okay, sure. Yeah, so obviously, it's another – it's an investment year and I think, in my prepared remarks, I noted that we're getting back to travel and trade shows, which is a key point. You know, you really, if you look at it in two portfolios, we've – for the year, we're going to have leverage in the test business where the growth in OpEx as a percentage will be lower, but the growth in the IA space [with the] OpEx growth is higher. And so, the leverage, you know, from a – like we're growing in the IA space, but we will see, we should see a degree of leverage in the short-term in the test business.  When you cascade that out to 2024, obviously with the revenues that we're predicting in IA, you know, I think Mark described it well, if we're growing at 50%, and have a forecast to continue to grow, we'll continue to drive the investment, but as the growth starts to go down, let's say below the Rule of 40 then we'll start to drop more to the bottom line. That's how we're thinking about it.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, I think that we’ll, and that's why in my prepared remarks [I comment], we looked at the model, not just off of a point of 2020, but off of an average of 2019 and 2020, just given the significant balloon in 2020 tied to the mobility space, and then the contraction in IA. And when you look at it from an average of 2019 and 2020, we believe in that growth, overall growth of the 4% to 8%, and then we are during that period going to be growing out the investments in the IA portfolio.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure, yeah, I think you hit it spot on. I think when you take out the travel and the trade shows, you know a majority of the spend will come in OpEx from – on a year-over-year basis. And from a profit perspective, you know, we're assuming growth, and we expect to improve, you know, back to our original growth plans, like if you think about 2020 as the anomaly and you look at the jump off point of 2019, we were about a 10%, you know, profit level with our growth. We should be in that similar level going forward in 2021.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah, I think that if the test business, if what drives the incremental revenue of the test businesses come to fruition, I think you'll see, you know, higher drop through if – and again, just to repeat myself, if we're growing and we see continued growth, and we're going to continue to invest in IA that dropped through, maybe lower, but let's say it comes, let's say the revenues grow significantly over the first couple of years, and then at the end, they start to – the growth starts to tail down. You may see a little bit more leverage, but it's really, you know, we have to see how the market unfolds in IA, but you know, over the short-term, we are planning a significant investment.
