Greg Smith: Yeah. That's -- thanks, Tim. So the -- right now, our -- I'm hesitant to give you exact numbers because our measurements of utilization are indirect. So we tend to look more at the changes from quarter-to-quarter than the absolute level. But they are significantly lower than what we've seen for people to want to buy. So -- and there's also a big difference between our IDM customers and our OSAT customers. So our IDM customer utilization by our measurements are up in the low 80s, and that's usually at a high enough level that trigger buys. Our OSAT customers are like 20 points lower, there's usually a few points of inflection, like an increase in utilization from Q2 to Q3, we saw very little in our data this time. And so it's still on the order of 20 points lower than what we're seeing inside of IDMs. So I think there's a pretty big hill to climb in terms of utilization before that would trigger buys from OSATs to support the mobile space.
Greg Smith: Sure. So yeah, I'm -- I think we're both sort of working off of the same source data when it comes to like reading the tea leaves about this large customer. We don't really know what their product plans are. The things that we are watching for are how quickly 3-nanometer goes into their high-performance computing process -- products that the more of that product line that's on 3-nanometer, the more complexity there will be, and that's a tailwind towards loading. The next is what's the relationship between -- like how do they use the next-generation 3-nanometer process? Do they use that to try to decrease dye size and attack cost? Or do they use that to add features to sort of keep dye size the same, add a lot of complexity. So we're watching very closely to see how that plays out. And then the last is, if there's any change to the strategy of using the N-1 processor in the lower-end phone product line. If that changes, that compresses the period of time that they have to build the -- up chips, and that helps to drive peak loading. So we don't have information about that. We are -- so we're being pretty cautious in terms of how we model that going into the future. But there are -- like as you point out, there are a number of things that could drive some upside.
Greg Smith: So I think that they actually followed a familiar pattern this year. But what ended up happening in April, May was that they ended up meeting not a lot of additional capacity. So I think we've pointed out in prior calls that we expect that major customer to be less than 10% customer in 2023. But we haven't seen any significant change in the timing. The thing that we said in the prior call about this was we didn't see -- like, we didn't have demand confirmed in that April, May timeframe, but there was still some uncertainty about what their peak loading might be and whether they need additional capacity. And that played out the way it played out. So I think they're still on basically the same schedule.
Greg Smith: No. So I think that what we're seeing in automotive is most of the players in that space, they're large IDMs and they all have significant capacity expansion projects in process. And they've -- and with the lead times that they have for front-end equipment and where our lead times were running, say, even six months ago, they needed to place orders way in advance. And as they're building out that capacity, they need to phase their deliveries so that it lines up with their commissioning. And -- so we've seen some rescheduling, but we haven't seen anything that we would consider to be a significant signal of demand change.
Greg Smith: Okay. So right now, the computing market, if you -- like, just to sort of break it down, there are a couple of components of the compute market. There's end equipment PCs. That part is significantly weak and continues to be. Then there's cloud computing, and the thing that's driving cloud computing is really AI acceleration. The beneficiaries of that are GPUs and then hyperscalers doing their own silicon. There's definitely increase in the amount of bespoke silicon that's going in, but it's still dwarfed by sort of traditional GPU-driven accelerators at this point. The TAM, sort of the amount of testers that are being sold to support the hyperscalers is very -- it's not very consistent at this point. We had a big hit last year, from a revenue perspective, it's quieter this year, but we think that this is something that's going to play out over probably the next three or four years. So we're really looking at it in terms of socket wins. And right now, I can tell you that we are on track with socket wins. We have low share in traditional compute. We were aiming to try and win half and half, like half the battles we get into on hyperscalers, and that's about what we're doing this year, that we're winning half of the sockets that we are fighting for and the other guys winning the other half.
Greg Smith: Yeah. So right now, the noted characteristic of it is volatility year-on-year. Our model of it, though, is by the time you get out to sort of the 2026, 2027 timeframe, we expect that these vertically integrated producers are going to represent about $400 million to $500 million of the compute test TAM. And for reference, that's probably going to be on the order of 1/4 to 1/3 of the total compute TAM out in that timeframe.
Greg Smith: So I think the answer to your question is not very. The business that we're in with UR and MiR tends to be -- it's a short lead time business. We tend to run with about four weeks of lead time and customers will use our stuff for smaller projects. Much of the rest of the industrial segment that TI and Infineon and ST are serving is towards much longer lead time projects. Some of our industrial robot competitors are working off of year-long backlogs and for process control equipment, it can be even longer than that. So what we tend to see is that the cycles of investment for advanced automation lag we do are actually a little bit out of phase with the cycles of investment for, say, factory building. And right now, we're seeing that there is significant weakness in orders for our peers in industrial automation compared to where they were a year ago. And we're actually stabilizing relative to them. And that kind of makes sense. They will build a factory, they'll start running in the factory, and then they will look at different tasks in the factory that could be automated using AMRs and cobots and then they'll make a subsequent investment to do that. So I think the answer to your question is that you can't really infer what's going to happen with our Robotics business based on the industrial semi trends.
Greg Smith: And so I'll talk a little bit about the growth trends. If you decompose the business that we have in China right now, probably the part of the segment that's heaviest investment for us is really in memory. And we expect that to continue to grow. There's significant capital investment, WFE investment going into memory in China, and we have very good exposure to that. And there's also a significant growth in analog and power for automotive and industrial in China, and we serve that segment very well with our Eagle Test platform. The biggest headwind that we have in China is we are unable to sell test equipment into Huawei. That's by US regulations. And frankly, that takes the biggest single chunk of the test TAM in China out of our -- off of the table for us. So we're in there. We have a great team in China. We're competing for all the business that we can go after. And so we're hoping to kind of hold and potentially grow from where we are.
Greg Smith: So right now, when we roll it up, we think that our overall ATE share is probably going to be flat to slightly up next year. No dramatic shifts from where we are. And I think there may be a bit of a tailwind because if the -- and that will depend on sort of the strength of the mobility recovery. So that's probably the biggest x-factor in terms of where share goes. Now in terms of IC unit growth, I don't have the data at my fingertips in terms of what our current expectations are. I think it's typically -- I'm almost there. Yeah. So we're looking at -- probably -- yeah. So unit growth was actually down this year, and it's coming back slightly, but it will still be below the units back in 2022 by our best guess. So the thing that's really going on is even though the units will be sort of at or below the peak that they had in 2022, the complexity growth that's happened since 2022 will drive test capacity requirements.
Greg Smith: Yeah. So the biggest lever there is the degree to which advanced processors move to 3-nanometer technology. So it's really in the digital space. There are some tailwinds as more of the compute segment moves towards chiplet-based design. That's about a 10% to 20% tailwind on the amount of test that's required. And another area that is -- that complexity really helps is the more complex devices that are going into an automotive environment, it has a much higher test threshold than other markets. So high-performance processors for ADAS applications, those have very high test intensity for the same number of transistors is the same thing going into a phone. So that's where we're really looking for some sort of a complexity tailwind, I guess.
Greg Smith: Hi, this is Greg. Hey, Joe. How are you doing? The -- so we definitely are seeing that the market is being driven this year by technology-driven retool. So HBM, DDR5, LPDDR5 and next-generation protocols. The fundamentals in the memory market are getting better. So inventory levels are coming down a bit and production rates are going up. Right now, we haven't seen that reach a trigger to drive a large amount of capacity buys. But that is one of the tailwinds that we're expecting to help a little bit in 2024, that we don't expect it to be a dramatic increase, and we would expect it to be somewhat back-end loaded because there is a fair amount of capacity that needs to be loaded before they trigger more buys, but it's definitely a tailwind.
Greg Smith: Well, we would love to. The thing that I can tell you is that our share in memory is highest in final test and we also tend to be a first mover that we have the capability to test next-generation standards and protocols, and that allows us to sort of capture more share in that part of the market. In the wafer sort part of the market that's driven really by capacity needs, there's less differentiation, less profit and more competitors. So what we tend to see is when we're in a technology-driven retooling cycle, our share tends to be high. And when we're in a much broader capacity add that our share would tend to go down a little bit. But we're always fighting and we do have share in the wafer sort space. It's just not as high as our share in the final test space.
Greg Smith: Hi, Steve. So, thanks for your question. Definitely, large customers are a very different sales process and application process than small customers and robotics. So in small customers, the sales cycle can be quite short but the level of repeat purchases tends to be low. What we're seeing is we increase our direct coverage of large accounts from robotics is that they work against annual planning cycles and they come up with sort of multi project plans that they will put you into or not. And so since we started assigning more salespeople into this space in 2023, we now have a pretty rich opportunity funnel but it takes longer to get through that funnel than it does with smaller customers. So we expect to see a much greater impact from large customers in '24 than we do in '23. At the same time, there's also a lag time associated with the build-out of our OEM channel. So just to remind you, when I say OEM, what I'm talking about is we'll sell a robot to someone who has developed a repeatable solution, whether it's for adhesive application or welding or palletizing, they basically have a product that has our robot inside of it. And then they have their own sales and marketing and service to take care of distribution and customer service. So we signed up 48 new partners in 2023. Those partners have to go through that development process and build out their own distribution. So what we see is that, not all of the OEMs succeed. There's a certain percentage that do, and they tend to have an inflection about 18 to 24 months after the initial sign-up. So we'll -- we have sign-ups that have come from 2021 and 2022 that have inflected and are about to inflect. The ones that we signed up in 2023 are going to become a factor towards the end of '24 and into '25.
Greg Smith: It's fair. There's still cyclicality because big companies have lean times and investment times as well. So they sort of follow these PMI cycles a bit, but they work on longer lead times. The thing that I think we're looking at long term as a key way to reduce revenue volatility is to try to increase the amount of software and service revenue as part of our robotics business. So we're working to try and make sure that we can develop some recurring revenue streams in that space. And we think that, that will have a good effect. Not immediately, but by the end of this -- by sort of the '26, '27 timeframe.
Greg Smith: So we're always thinking about M&A. So the -- just to remind you, our capital allocation strategy is that accretive M&A is the highest priority identified use for capital. When we do not find suitable M&A targets, we return that cash flow to our investors, primarily through buybacks. And of course, we have the dividend as well. We always have a pipeline running. We're always looking at things, and we don't comment on what's in our pipeline.
Sanjay Mehta: Hi, Mehdi, it's Sanjay. Yeah. So the seasonality decline is really coming through, I would say, in robotics. Obviously, seasonality comes down. And then we're ramping UR20 Q3 and really Q4 that goes down to run rate. The other component of the decline in Q -- or the forecasted decline in Q1 is tied to storage, really the mobility of the end market and SLT. And from an SOC perspective, we're seeing that as roughly flattish at this point, Q4 to Q1. So those are really the drivers of what we see now. And as I said in my prepared remarks, I'll just remind you that we're seeing, as lead times come down, a lot more kind of book-ship and customers coming to us with incremental orders within lead time. So we're expecting to see kind of more bookings kind of at the tail end of Q4 for Q1 shipments. So there's a little bit more volatility there.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah. I think that -- it's Sanjay. I think that Greg really outlined kind of the potential headwinds and tailwinds in 2024. So right now, the first half and given the limited visibility, especially in mobility, it still continues to look a little dampened or weaker. But from a model perspective, where we see '24 tailwinds are in compute, mobility and Robotics for 2024. And so that's where we do see the tailwinds. The question is, to what degree. And we've provided some transparency of what we know about in Q1. And we think that, that is the low point. We think we'll grow from there. It's tough to call right now how it appears to be for the rest of the year. And we'll provide an update in January with what we know.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah. Good question. So it's a similar story to what I noted in July, Vivek. Fundamentally, it's product mix in the second half, and we deferred resiliency spending in operations really from first half to second half. And in the first half, we were focused on chasing and meeting customer demand. So some of our projects were deferred into the second half. So it's mainly mix as well as deferred resiliency spending from kind of first half to second half.
Sanjay Mehta: Sorry. Thank you. In 2024, really, I think if -- as we've noted in our prepared remarks, incremental volume. Incremental volume, product mix -- is a main driver of product mix. And then there's a bunch of other puts and takes. And as I've noted in my prepared remarks, we expect to see much of the operational resiliency costs behind us in '24.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. Yeah. Hi, a little bit of context. Obviously, with very long lead times, looking out a quarter we'd be mainly booked. And then there's always the rescheduling and stuff drops in and just the tactical kind of shifts back and forth. But overall, for the business, we see it at like 25%, 30% and then dropping down into semi test, that is in the 15% to 20% range, which we're now starting to see that, that kind of book-ship is starting to become a little bit more increasing and increasing over time. As we -- as you'd expect lead times coming down, people are going to place the orders when they believe they need them. And that's when we get the POs.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. Hi, it's Sanjay. I'll take kind of the first half and provide some context about our current China kind of revenue. And then maybe, Greg, if you want to take the second part of the potential growth competition. So just to provide in context, right, in 2022, 15% of our revenue is in China. In '23, year-to-date, we've got about 12% of our revenue from China. And that 12% -- about 1/4 of that 12% is really from Robotics, production board test and LitePoint. 75% is from our semi test group and about 60% of that semi test, I know a lot of percentages, but 60% of that 70% is from indigenous Chinese customers and 40% is from multinationals. So the indigenous component is roughly about 5% of our overall business really tied to semi test.
Sanjay Mehta: Yeah. Great question. Every year, we go through a process where we go through a strategic planning process in Q4. It culminates with a review with our Board in January. And then we share an update to our earnings model. And we're just starting to go through that process now. So I think the first quick answer is, sit tight. We’ll share that with you in January. But let me provide a little bit of color to your question. We still have conviction in the overall key drivers and fundamentals of the model in test and in Robotics. I think Greg talked a little bit about them, we've narrated them. So in the -- over the mid and long term, we have conviction. Obviously, in the short term, the visibility is very muted and very cautious. And so we're going through that now. We're looking for key indicators of when the inflections will occur. But fundamentally, we believe, over the mid and long term, we're going to get to those goals. The timing, we're going to work through and provide an update in January.
