Michael Bradley: I'm breaking it down. I'm pausing because there are many, many segments and a lot of our testers are kind of hybrid testers that will be brought to cross over different segments. If I look at the total market, we think that the Mobile baseband part of the market is probably about 20% of the total. And for us, if I look at it here, we've got a very good position in that market share. So we're well north of that. But as a percentage of our total this quarter, it was the number one segment for us. I can't give you the exact numbers. We don't group them exactly the way you're describing because of the hybrid nature of the configurations.
Michael Bradley: I think it's more unit driven than it is test time driven, number one. Number two, in Q2, the short-term forecast we have would say that, that will be the strongest segment in the second quarter for us as well. It'll be close. In the past, we've always had 3 to 4 driver segments for us with the Wireless Mobile Processor segment, Power Management and then an Automotive segment and if I added Microcontrollers into that, those are tended to be the 4 driver segments for us. But the standout in maybe, let's say, 4 of the last 5 or 3 of the last 5 has certainly been in this Mobile Processor Tablet segment. So I think that'll be the case going forward into the next quarter, in short term.
Michael Bradley: Tim, nothing in the very short term. Obviously, we see all the same reports that you're talking about. The back end side of this is -- obviously, the bookings are up, so the demand is up. And I think you'd be looking for -- is there a flinch here in a quick pullback from the increase in demand. We haven't seen that. So there's nothing I'd say that is a signal of that. Now on the OSAT side, the OSAT this quarter, for us, remains pretty steady to what they were in the prior quarter. I think we said that -- I don't know if we reported, but the percentages this quarter were 75-25 meaning -- or 24 for the OSATs. In the prior quarter, they were 26. So roughly the same level. And on increased bookings, they were up a little bit. But then really not anywhere close to where they were in the last cycle. And I think how to read that is -- one reading is they're certainly not overdriving. Therefore, a pullback at this moment, by them, would be a pullback from a relatively base level of business, and we haven't seen that.
Michael Bradley: Yes. We've put on the website this run chart that shows you the monthly -- moving average of the monthly book-to-bill in each of the segments. I think it's in one of the early pages on it. But the projections for the market that we get from the outside are anywhere between $2.4 billion and $2.8 billion. So that would be kind of in the same ballpark that 2010 was. The size of the market in the first quarter is a little bit north of 600, we think. So at a run rate, it's at the low end of that $6.4 billion, maybe a little bit above -- actually, it's not $6.4, $2.4 billion mark. Now -- so the other thing is, you said the 50% market share, that's a little bit generous to us. Last year, I know numerically we came up to about 49%. I think we said on the last call, we certainly said to investor discussions over the last 6 months. And we think our running rate market share is in the mid-40s. It was below 40s in '09 and '10. We think that's ticked up to maybe in the mid-40%, 44% 45% level. Why is there a difference? Because we had very strong segment-buying patterns that favored us last year, but we're staying sustainably in the 45% level. So when we put all of that math together, we think the first quarter is running at slightly above the $2.4 billion rate, but not at the $2.8 billion rate. That would give you a buy rate, by the way, of anywhere between 1.2% to 1.4% compared to 1.4% in all of 2010.
Michael Bradley: Yes, we don't think it has a big impact. Obviously, in the medium term, you'd say there could be an opportunity there for them to optimize the utilization of their installed base. So I think anyone supplying for them would have in the medium term some impact. We tend to have a footprint in many, many, many of the customers because of the market share position we have. So we don't think there's the likelihood of a big shift one way or the other, either towards or away from us. We think the equipment we have is a broad installed base in those customers. So I guess, the only significant thing would be naturally when companies combine, they really reassess their equipment so there could be a pause in the short term then a rationalization in the midterm, which is measured in quarters. And then they're back on the running rate that they've been in the past.
Michael Bradley: Stephen, the utilization rates, I don't have OSAT versus IDMs. In total, the utilization rates now are -- the industry tracks now around 90% level. I think the interesting thing on the utilization is that the bottom point that this cycle had was above 85%. And normally, that bottoming point is closer to 80%, sometimes below 80%. So utilization have trended up since the third and fourth quarter. They're now in the 90%-plus level for us. I believe that's true across the board. We don't see a big differential across OSATs versus IDMs. The CapEx for the OSATs -- revenue forecasts are going up for the OSATs, so one would expect that their utilization will go up and their CapEx will increase. But if anything, they're the shortest lead time customers we have. So it's pretty hard to predict what they will do. I will say to you that in the short term, meaning between Q1 and Q2, the very short-term visibility there doesn't say that we're going to see a big difference in the OSAT demand. You put all that together and say that if there's going to be a CapEx increase, then I guess you'd put it into the second half of the year. But so far through the first 6 months, we think they'll be pretty stable around the level that they were in the first quarter.
Michael Bradley: Well, actually, the picture is brightening from our perspective. Why? Number one, the unit volumes on the 2.5-inch Hard Disk Drives have continued to increase and test times have continued to increase as densities increased on the drives. And so unit volumes of 2.5 inch last year exceeded the 3.5-inch volumes. Number two, growth will continue the forecast that we have and that we see from our customers say that those will continue as 3.5 inches now have turned over and start to decline. So the sweet spot has now moved into the 2.5-inch space. So that's a plus. Number two, the expansion of our position with multiple customers now is a plus. As you know in the last 2 years, we've been -- we've had a very narrow customer base. That has opened up now. Last year, we talked about some engineering system installations. We've now moved into production volume from multiple customers. Now the same kind of question, what will consolidation do there? In the short term with consolidation is not having an impact, but obviously as companies consolidate, they assess what their installed base is. But in the short term, that hasn't changed any of the trajectory of the adoption of the Neptune product for us. But obviously, it will have some effect as the customers who consolidate. They will come out of that with multiple customers, so that's a good picture for us. So we're actually -- we actually feel better and more optimistic about that space. Having said that, I guess I should reaffirm the guidance we gave in this business, we said we thought we would be between $80 million and $120 million this year. And I think we feel very good about that projection.
Michael Bradley: Our share in higher -- we only supply 2.5 inch. So relative to our total portfolio, it's all 2.5 inch. And we believe that we're gaining share in the 2.5 inch space because of the growth that -- if we hit this $80 million to $120 million plan, which we feel very good about at this point based on the backlog, we're quite sure that we'll gain share this year.
Michael Bradley: Yes. The NAND side is really what's driving our business. We've got the Magnum product for FLASH and for low-speed wafer probe for DRAM. So over the last 6 months, we've had business in both of those sectors, but the current emphasis is on FLASH. And so virtually all the business in that space for us has been on that side. That's a plus from the standpoint of what our share is in that sector. On the DRAM side, I know I'm bit of a broken record is it's been very, very slow. The final test, high-speed testing capacity expansion has been pretty anemic. We're positioned to get some of that when it does turn on. At some point, I'm going to sound not very credible if I say it's coming. Our hope is that, that contributes some in the second half of the year. We think it will do some. I honestly can't say how much. But if you wrap it all together, it would be a piece of this 100, but I'd say if the market's $700 million to $900 million, the $140 million or 20% level.
Michael Bradley: Okay. The $20 million had DS in it, the our Diagnostics solutions business. It's basically a service business. So we've stripped them out. But it's also -- there's not a smooth on the bookings side for service annual contracts. I think they're distributed more heavily in Q4, typically then in Q1. So I think that's the other part of the explanation.
Michael Bradley: Well, I think as a pattern, we'll be pretty consistent with what it's been. It would be that first mobile processors, wireless. Power management has been and will be second strongest, typically second or third. Then it's bit of a horserace. Microcontrollers and other logic like wafer probe Logic where the 750 [J750] is strong tends to be in the next tier. And then it kind of flattens out into precision analog, linear image sensor, automotive. Those things are in that third tier. But the 3 top ones would be the mobile processors, the wireless applications, power management and Microcontroller.
Michael Bradley: Mehdi, we certainly could. I hope we will. I'm being a little bit flip with you. We based this -- quarterly trends are really a function of this overall CapEx rate. So I think the way I always start on this way is to say how are you sizing the company? And in our core business in SOC Test, if you remember, over the last couple of years, we were on the conservative side of sizing the market and sizing our R&D around the $2 billion rate. In '09 and '10, that was the average size of the market. In '10 and '11 it looks as if the average size of the market is closer to the $2.5 billion level. So really that's the place to start. It's true north that the market run rate going forward is going to be $2.2 billion, $2.3 billion, $2.4 billion, $2.5 billion or north of that. So the $400 million is a function of that size and then our market share. I think it's fair in your models to put us in market share around 45% and then you have to take whatever you think and whatever the market is telling us about the overall CapEx rate. And right now, I think this range of $2.4 billion to $2.8 billion is not a bad place to be positioning it. And therefore the math all falls out from that. If it slows down significantly, then you have to pick back up and the peaks, the $400 million peaks, come in those peak quarters when if you're getting back on the trend line of the overall market size. And the math isn't complicated, right. It's just a matter of drawing the curves as to where the peaks and valleys are, but really it's driven by what the total market is and what our share is.
Michael Bradley: Well, I think for this year, the trend will be a much heavier FLASH component than a DRAM component in that total market, whether that market ends up at $600 million or $900 million. And I think that trend for the short term is certainly what we're expecting. Beyond that, I think, there are a variety of forecast on it, but our position with the Magnum actually it's favorable for us because we have a bigger footprint on the FLASH side of the business than we do on the DRAM side of the business.
Michael Bradley: Yes. I mean, maybe with one or 2 quarters ago, we talked about extending the Magnum into a DRAM wafer probe segment. So the position in FLASH has been growing gradually over the years, even before Nextest was part of us. And the expansion into the low-speed DRAM probe sector is what gives us some additional growth. Obviously, that has to be resuscitated and be a little bit stronger than it's been for us to get meaningful share. But when you wrap all of that together, that's what's driving us hopefully from the teens in market share up to the 20% level this year.
Michael Bradley: Well, it's a mixed bag and different [indiscernible] and it shifts -- it can shift pretty dramatically based upon the orders that they get. If you look at the outside measurements of utilization, it's clearly in the 80% to -- up to the 90% level and has trended up from this trough, which was around 85%. So it was a high trough and it's been moving up over the last couple of months. Now I think the thing that supports overall reasonably high utilization in our overall installed base is that the bookings relatively has been strong. So those capacity being added at a pretty healthy rate. The run rate in the business, we think, at $600 million plus in the first quarter and shipments would suggest the $2.4, billion, $2.5 billion market level. So I think all of that says, across the world the installed base utilization is high. Having said that, the fact that our OSAT bookings have remained stable at 25%, 24% would suggest that in the OSAT sector, that could be lower.
Michael Bradley: Well, we're not into the entire market and the customers that we have in DRAM final test have been using, as we've talked before, have really been able to get productivity and adapted the system so they can test the current speed rates of the DRAM products, essentially, with a lot of their existing installed base. So we're not seeing as much business there as you would get if we were populated across the entire market. But that's why it's an opportunity that's in the future for us rather than baked into the numbers that we've reported.
Gregory Beecher: Yes. This is Greg. We look at a lot of opportunities, and we tend to narrow it down to one or 2. This is over perhaps a 12-month period and the one or 2 that we think would be a good fit and could do very well inside Teradyne already got stock based upon valuation. And generally we believe that those situations may come back alive as the other parties get more information as to what a reasonable valuation is. So it's a valuation not a hurdle that has been the thing that has not enabled us to bring a transaction to closure yet.
Gregory Beecher: Sure. This is Greg. We can do SOC and Memory and we put HDD in with our Systems Test business, so we can break it down that way, Krish.
Gregory Beecher: Okay. Let me just Semi Test first. Semi Test is certainly up from the first to the second quarter. They were up $30 million, in that neighborhood. And the Systems Test group is closer to being flat after a healthy first quarter.
Gregory Beecher: Jim, this is Greg. It's the latter. We'd only have a problem doing a buyback if we got far enough along with the party that the deal is deemed to be probable and that's generally when you have a signed agreement of some sort and you're deep into diligence.
Gregory Beecher: We want to be opportunistic and we think it's just not a good time for us to buy and we see some attractive opportunities, and I don't believe that they're fully brought to closure. I do think we're in this terrain, there's often discussions that we get close and they break down. Three months later, we get back together. We get closer. They break down. And it might be the third time we get back together, we can pull it off. So there's still lingering discussions going on behind the scenes. So I want to see how those opportunities run, pan out.
Gregory Beecher: Well, it's also a chunk of service that gets booked in, in fourth quarter, first quarter. And then service tends to get recognized over the fourth quarter period.
Gregory Beecher: Let me just step back. The HDD revenue in the first half of the year is in the mid-20s per quarter. In the third quarter, we'd expect it to be higher. I don't want to quantify that now because there's a bunch of details in terms of what gets accepted when. But it'll be higher than the run rate of about $25 million that we're seeing in the first and second quarter.
Gregory Beecher: Yes. Got it. It should be $12 million a quarter and in truth, about $10 million is taken out from what used to be there because we sold our Diagnosis Solutions business, which was largely a service-based business.
Gregory Beecher: We are going to update our model once a year. I would assume that, that will be in our model for the full year 2011. At the end of 2011, we'll reevaluate our model to see what makes sense then. But we do see good opportunities of further growth, some in Hard Disk Drive, by the way. We've had good success there. And in some other areas that are very close to our core where, we can get very good leverage.
Gregory Beecher: SemiTest was $71 million. Systems Test group was $8.3 million and again exclude the Automotive Diagnostics business, so it's much lower than it would be otherwise. In total, our bookings were $79.2 million.
Gregory Beecher: The service business for SemiTest, that probably would be a little bit bigger. Our Services business in total is about $60 million. So for Semi, it's about $50 million, so I guess $200 million is probably about right. That's fair.
Gregory Beecher: Okay. I'll start where you started. The first quarter low cash generation is simply due to the nature of variable compensation and profit sharing and some of our foreign taxes all get paid in the first quarter. So first quarter is always our lowest cash generation period. So there's nothing to be read into that. That's just the way the first quarter has always worked. In terms of how we're thinking about cash, I think we've been quite consistent there are some good opportunities that we have identified. We simply can't get to the right valuation. Maybe we can in the next 3, 6 or 9 months and if we were able to do that, I'd think that would be a much better deal for our investors than buying shares back. We bought $0.5 billion of shares back several years ago, and I don't think that improved the company in a meaningful way. Obviously, if the stock for some unknown reason became more attractive, we'd obviously make an opportunistic buyback. And we do have an authorization for $200 million to offset dilution from employee equity instruments. And our cash strategy is not cast in concrete forever. This is just how we want to approach it now to offset dilution, be opportunistic. We have a bias for buying companies that could fit and be optimized in Teradyne better than on their own, but we can't overpay and that's what slows down what otherwise could be some more exciting news.
Gregory Beecher: If they passed the qualification period because otherwise it could be a 9-month period. But once we get past qualification and we get an order, there's still another evaluation. So net-net, it's probably 6 months.
Gregory Beecher: Right. But then once we're through the first acceptance is with a new product, new customer, then it goes back to a normal recognition and it'll look like our other businesses.
Gregory Beecher: Well, I'll give you June of last year because I don't have the books anymore. June of last year was $9.5 million of revenue and the EBIT was breakeven.
