Sanjay Mehta: Yes. So hi, Mehdi, it's Sanjay. So I think the latter part of the question first. As we see revenue continue to grow and with the penetration of the market of less than 3%, we are going to continue to invest in driving competitive advantage, broaden the portfolio, go to market -- across the board in engineering and go to market to continue to capture the market share. From a profitability or leverage perspective, moving more towards the ROIC comment is, fundamentally, when the market starts to slow and growth starts to slow at some time in the future, and we haven't considered that within our mid-term, we don't see that growth moderating over the mid-term with our 32% to 45% growth. At that point is when we will lower the investment. I will comment another point on the ROIC is our gross margins in that segment are above the corporate average. So, we'll start to higher return on the invested capital when revenue starts to moderate, the growth starts to moderate. But fundamentally, we are leaning into OpEx to really capture that market.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. And over the mid-term, in our model, we are seeing a little bit of that play out as revenues grow. Sure, the fixed -- certain fixed costs are going to gain on that leverage. But I'd ask you to think about if -- as we grow into different verticals and the applications within those verticals, we're really building both engineering capability in our product, reducing friction in those different verticals of how we can get to reducing the time of implementation significantly. So, a significant portion is tied to R&D as well as scaling the go-to-market in different territories and in different segments. But the quick answer is, as I said earlier, there is some of that scale we are seeing in the mid-term, and we will see that come in. But I just wanted to reinforce the point that we continue -- and plan to continue to invest in broadening the portfolio, reducing friction of implementation and really go-to-market investments.
Sanjay Mehta: Sure. I'd say the supply impact in Q4, there's really no material supply impact on sales. But in Q1, I'd say we have about $30 million to $40 million worth of supply risk, which we've contemplated in our updated revenue guide. None of this will result in a share loss, it will just be pushed into Q2. But a little bit of commentary on the supply environment. Fundamentally, we see the supply tightening in 2022. Many more semiconductor players are going into formal allocation, which is incrementally -- indicate incremental tightness in the market in 2022. We were under the impression that in the second half of 2022 with the fab and substrate investments that the supply-demand dynamic would alleviate and the tightening with loosen. However, our view currently is that that's being pushed out to the first half of 2023, really based on the discussion with our supply chain partners. And so, while the fab and substrate capital is being deployed and increasing supply, we still see tightness over 2022.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. It's Sanjay here. So yes. So overall test is growing 7% to 11%. Obviously, Semi Test is the largest component of our test portfolio. But think of our other businesses as growing marginally in test marginally at the same level or marginally a little bit higher.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes, so demand is quite strong and in Q1, out of the $30 million to $40 million I noted, about $10 million of it is tied to IA. And really just given the allocation for Q2, our commentary in my prepared remarks, it had a little bit of the impact there. So it's true we are seeing some supply impact in the first half. But I would say that from a first half, second half, we do expect demand in and revenue in the second half for IA to be larger than the first half.
Mark Jagiela: Yes, it's a good question. I saw those numbers, too. I think there's two phenomenas that you cited going on. I think we are a bit lower than them in terms of the annual market size guide. Part of that is due to the fact that probably what our largest concentration is doing this year is somewhat opaque to them. And so that's a factor that's probably not in their numbers. And I do think if you look at the rest of the market, excluding that high concentration of ours, there is growth this year in the market is what we expect. So, probably -- it's almost probably 50/50 that gets the difference.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. There's a couple of ways you can look at it. Maybe the economic way to look at it would just look at history a little bit. When we see a major node transition in the industry, you can see that the tester market, the ATE market and our revenue grows faster than, let's say, two years into a node. So economically, if you look at that sort of -- and you can see that in the charts we published with the earnings deck that shows the revenue trends against the trend line over time. Certain years or above the trend line, those tend to correlate to when new nodes get introduced. And the new nodes enable a big jump economically, a big jump in transistor count, and transistor count is what drives our business. More transistors means more test times, means more testers. But the last part of this is it takes a couple of years for a new node to reach its normalized volume. So in the first year of production, let's say, 3-nanometer next year, maybe 3-nanometer will grow to somewhere around 12% plus or minus of semiconductor revenue next year. Maybe it's 10%, maybe it's 13%, something like that. In 2024, it will continue to ramp and maybe it will represent closer to 20%, 25%. So we'll see a couple of years of benefit from 3-nanometer as it grows in its contribution to the overall revenue stream.
Mark Jagiela: Modems are a strong area for us. The dynamics are changing a bit there because more and more cell phone manufacturers are starting to build their own modems. So there's been a disaggregation of that market. And by and large, that's a positive trend for us because the relative share position we have at, let's say, the established suppliers of modems was below our average share in the market. And our share at the disaggregated newcomers that are building their own modems is higher. So we look at that as a positive.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. I'll give you the numbers by the segments as we currently kind of see them today. And, of course, these are estimates for 2022 and 2021 for that matter. But the compute market, as an example, we think last year was about a $1.1 billion ATE market, and we think that's going to grow this year to about $1.3 billion. So there's growth in the compute segment. Mobility last year was about $2 billion. We think that will come down to $1.8 billion. Much of that is due to our concentrated area. Automotive and MCU, we think, is flat at about $0.5 billion year-over-year. Industrials down slightly probably, $600 million to $500 million. And then the service business will grow maybe $100 million from $600 million to $700 million.
Mark Jagiela: You're absolutely right. And the reason is kind of what you hinted at, is the time it's taking to bring up 3-nanometer is longer than traditionally it's taken to bring up a new node. We're kind of stretching it into a three-year window. So the tool -- a lot of the tools, by the way, have been put in place. Some are a little bit constrained by supply, but a lot of them have been put in place, but tuning the recipe, getting it ready for ramp, and then the cycle -- the process cycle time for the wafers themselves is longer. Once mass production switch turns on, it's incrementally longer to crank the wafers through the whole recipe than the prior node. So there is a throughput. So all of that kind of moves the impact of 3-nanometer to 2023. But the ratios that you talk about is why we've -- we look at this carefully, too, and our midterm earnings model has increased so significantly compared to a year ago, because all of this equipment going in to support this new technology is a bow-wave coming our way. And the only unfortunate thing is it's -- it didn't make it for 2022.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So there's, let's say, Teradyne's growth and the market growth to think about. And the x86 world for example, in 2022 was quite anemic whereas Teradyne's business was quite strong that year because of where we're concentrated and who -- which customers are tooling. So in 2022, the x86 world, I think, is going to be more robustly tooling than last year even. And we won't benefit much from that this year. So that, in fact, is a true dynamic. And then other things happening with advanced packaging and chiplets and all of that, those are moving, I would say, modestly into the market. They moved in cell phones a while ago, but in compute, that's something I think that we're probably not going to feel until 2024 maybe, 3 nanometer will come first and then the sort of more ubiquitous use of different kinds of advanced packaging will follow shortly thereafter. But the two things won't jump on top of each other just because the -- I think the yield concerns of two new technologies at once will keep them staggered.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So there's a couple of things going on there. So the Eagle Test product and the thing that we usually talk about, called automotive, tends to be more the traditional power-related semiconductor content in an automobile. And so as the supply chain needed to be replenished last year and automobile production started to come back up, a lot of the traditional airbag control, antilock brake control, all of those things drove Eagle demand. And we think this year for Eagle, for those kind of devices will be similar to what it was last year, so not growth. And as I said, the market as well, not growth. However, there's another thing that we're having a harder time classifying is automotive, which is the digital content of automobiles. We tend to put that at the moment in the compute market. And those advanced controllers are something that is more targeted and put on our UltraFLEX platform. So we are expecting to see some growth there for applications, automotive applications, their digital content. But for the moment, at least, because it's somewhat nascent and growing, it's bucketed in compute.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. That is the million-dollar question that I ask every day and -- because you're absolutely right. The dynamics are there. The ROI is there. Everything is there. The biggest obstacle to sort of faster growth is the unfortunate fact that to deploy a cobot takes a human and it takes a skilled human, a technician, today to spend some number of weeks depending on the application, putting it into production. And therefore, we're somewhat constrained by the same labor supply issues that all global industry is experiencing. We're growing that 30-plus percent a year, that army. It's not an army that we ourselves hire as much as it's an army that our distribution partners hire, and they are. But there's some practical limitation on how quickly they can hire and train. So the way out of this bottleneck is to make that deployment time quicker and quicker and quicker, which is why we are actually growing faster than we're growing the human fleet of people to install these things. So we've got to widen that gap. We have to get -- to grow 50% only takes 10% more people, for example, in the applications deployment space. But that's the biggest single thing and we're working on that. We're planning though. In the model we presented here, growing – continuing to grow at this sort of 30% to 45% rate through 2024, we're assuming that every year we're going to make progress on that efficiency.
Mark Jagiela: Well, I think the -- certainly, the macro number around how much our largest customer represents his revenue last year is right, around $700 million at 19% of revenue. No, it's not going to zero. It's going to probably be below 10%. So the magnitude, I think, that the change that has occurred represents is larger than we would have expected. And I think that the transparency -- and even now, the amount of visibility into what that will be is still vague. So it's not something that we typically get full confirmation of it until April of this year, so to speak. So we're working on the most recent inputs that we've received. And I think they're fundamentally -- as I've said in the past, there's always multiple scenarios in flight with the area we're concentrated in as to how the year can play out. And there's a range of forecasts that we get that get updated along the way. And those can swing dramatically as they've done this time. So I don't have any more insight than that or anything that I think is prudent to share around what changed with that large account. But I do think if you go from $700 million below 10%-ish probably this year, that's a big portion of the delta between perhaps what Advantest is guiding and we're guiding. And then we're down into 5% difference on a forecast for the year. And it could be either way, it could be either way. I don't think there's a lot of precision in that on our side or theirs, but I think we're pretty close.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So the thing is, I do believe -- there's no doubt that if a company is getting into the foundry business, they're going to have to accommodate external test platforms. The only thing is that, just because there's a new foundry player doesn't -- it sort of doesn't change the overall global market. They're just stealing share from some other foundry who would also buy commercial test equipment. The real question is for their internal product development, will they shift to commercial equipment where today they use in-house equipment. And that -- let's wait and see. It's -- we're not assuming that in any of our midterm plans. So this plan through 2024 does not assume any of that. But you can imagine that the cost of continuing to invest in that is high. And the rate of the roadmap change now for x86 manufacturers is quite high. It used to be a very slow predictable cadence. And now the competition is heated up, and it's fast and furious, it's harder and harder for the internal tester group to keep up with that. So we don't assume to happen, but I think the cards are sort of played in a way that suggests, it's probably going to happen, maybe not by '24, but certainly out in the next 4 or 5 years. That would be my bet.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So first, on the speed of the robot question. Yes, traditional industrial robots tend to have much faster cycle times. They can pick and move and place things at a lightning speed. That's partly why they're dangerous, partly why they're in cages. They're kept away from people. And those products have been around for decades, frankly, decades. Collaborative robots is really opening up a whole new application space where those 20-year-old fast products couldn't perform for some reason, either because the cost of isolating them from humans was too high or the flexibility that they had in terms of repeatability and such wasn't good enough or the time to change over for a higher mix environment was onerous. If it's picking up one thing and moving one thing 1,000 times a minute for years, it's the right solution and it's been solved. So, co-bots is a brand new thing. It's -- all the places those things didn't make sense that we're opening up with co-bots. And I think that's what's exciting. So, I don't think there's any news there. And your last question was service in the TAM, yes. I think we estimated somewhere in the $600 million to $700 million range. I frankly don't know what Advantest estimates on that, but it's probably close.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. The second -- we've proven in the last two years that we're not good forecasting the second half of the year. But because of this abnormality in the first half, I would expect on average that you're going to see a little more of a second half weighting because we kind of have this a little bit of an abnormal hole in the first. So, it wouldn't be a typical year, they're probably be a little more back weighted.
