Michael A. Bradley: Good morning, everyone. Thanks for being with us today. I'll start today with a brief recap of 2012 and give you both a view of how we -- how the start to this year is shaping up, plus an outline of what we think would make for a successful 2013 when we're talking with you 12 months from now. As usual, Greg will give you the financial perspective, not just for the near term but more importantly, an overview of how our market and financial strategies will continue to be prosecuted going forward. As Andy mentioned, Mark Jagiela will join in on the Q&A portion of the discussion today. So let me start with a quick recap of the year just finished. The overall numbers continue to be very good. We grew revenues and total profit rate to $1.66 billion and 23%, respectively. I recently noted to our employees that we eclipsed our records from what many considered the golden era of the semi-cap industry. That was the 1998 to 2000 dot-com boom. The shorthand is that while our cumulative top line revenues were 26% lower in the last 3 years than they were in that explosive era, our profit rate was 8 percentage points higher and our cash generation $500 million higher this time around. And we accomplished this with an average annual workforce that was 55% lower than that of the 1998 to 2000 period. Now all of this is to say that the resilience of our business model has been proving itself out now over multiple cycles at the same time that we've latched into some new markets and new growth engines. Greg will spend some time on how the strategy that produced these results will be employed going forward. Back now to 2012. While the total picture was strong, the component pieces were mixed, with an extraordinary performance by LitePoint, a solid showing in our SOC test and defense businesses, a very choppy year for storage test and disappointing results in memory test. We remained in the 40% plus level in SOC test market share, despite a smaller-than-normal market in analog and lower-end digital applications, as the microcontroller and automotive markets were subdued all year. As you know, our SOC test products for mobility applications hit new records in the year, as we've previously reported. But memory and storage test lagged for 6 months in the case of Hard Disk Drive test and really for the full year in memory test. So the very good annual results came from some standouts combined with some slow movers. It's pretty clear that the trough in our business is in the rearview mirror, but the market's rebound off the bottom is short of what we saw last year. You recall that December of 2011 was a sharp turning point led by smartphone- and tablet-driven SOC test bookings, so this means a more gradual recovery in the first quarter and far less than the capacity scramble we were into last year at this time. Now this doesn't change our view of the total SOC test market, which we've projected at $2.3 billion or our view of what needs to happen for us this year with regard to new markets and new products. As I mentioned last quarter, we have 2 important product launches in SOC test, in a J750 and Eagle Test sectors. These are both on plan to contribute this year in markets where we have very strong market share. We're progressing rapidly with the new offering in the hard disk drive space for 3.5 inch drives, a new market for us. And we secured customer commitments already, even though revenues will be lower into the second half of this year. And our efforts to expand LitePoint into cellular testing remain very promising, but we will, of course, hold our cards close for competitive reasons. We do believe we'll make headway on the cellular front this year, opening up a whole new sector for LitePoint. I should note that we're not expecting much of a rebound in memory, so that's more of a wait-and-see arena, but our defense and commercial board test units should make their usual contributions. So despite a slower start to the year than we saw last year, we've got more irons in the fire and are optimistic about how the full year should play out. Now let me turn it back to Greg.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, Vernon, the -- as we come back off the bottom here, the drivers for us are power management. I'm talking here on the SOC space.
Michael A. Bradley: Power management and the mobility ICs, so that continues to be the strongest segment for us. And I think that, that's what we'll see as the leading segments going forward over the next couple of quarters. We saw a little bit of growth in the fourth quarter here in automotive for us, which has been quiet. But I think if this moves back up, the thing that'll click back in much more strongly here will be the mobility products.
Michael A. Bradley: Well, we've only got a few days into it here, so in the last 15 minutes, it's picked up. No. There's nothing that is dramatic at this point. I think the thing that we would refer you to is that when we come off -- when the industry comes off the bottom, it usually doesn't go back down. So we're expecting it to continue to go northward. It's really the slope of it that is hard to call at this point. But clearly, there's more activity now than there was a month ago, so we're expecting things to continue to turn up. But the exact call here on which month it's going to start to move, you remember last year the move was earlier and it was very, very strong, so we'd expect, when it moves, it tends to move in a herd, so it'll move stronger. But at this point, we're on a trajectory of recovery off the bottom, but it's very hard to call a slope right now.
Michael A. Bradley: And Vishal, on the hard disk drive side, last year was first half story. I think we had probably 85% to 90% of our revenues in the first half of the year. It won't be fully inverted, but it'll be very heavily weighted to the second half, and that's a capacity utilization story on the 2.5 side. But we'll complement the product line with the 3.5-inch product in the second half. So that'll give us another engine and nearly double the market, the TAM that we're going after. So it'll be a quarter or 2 here. We think it'll still be pretty quiet on the hard disk drive side and then in the second half, should pick up substantially because we've got a second product going.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes, I think the issue is just the slope is hard to call. If you look back maybe on the website, we've got -- goes back a few years, and you can see it's a very rare occurrence that after the bottom is hit that you go up and then quickly come back down. So we do expect things to firm up. But what Mark said about where our capacity is and the introductions of our customers' new products really have suggested to us a quarter ago that 2013 in total, we had shaved our estimates for the total market in SOC down by about 10%. And I think about half of that 10% is likely to be absorbed in the first quarter of this year. So we do expect things to continue to strengthen, very tough to call, though, given the steepness of the ramps that our customers are going through and the lead time compression that we've got. Very tough to call exactly when that kicks into overdrive, but it's definitely on the up slope.
Michael A. Bradley: Having said that, Krish, the place we're standing on hard disk drive now is very different from last year at this time. We just had -- we had our first half year backlog in hand as we entered the year last year, and this year, it's just the opposite. So we're really making a forecast here based upon what we think the overall market will do. And we'll buttress this year a bit because we do have a new product, and if that -- if we're able to get that latched, that'll help us. And that's why we think we can, on a kind of an annual average basis, get to our $125 million level, but it'll be a second half story.
Michael A. Bradley: I'll give you the market, C.J., and then Mark will talk about the segments. Dropping back a little bit, for 3 years, it's been -- the market's been around 2.5 to 2.6. The last 2 years just under 2.5 in '11 and just over 2.5 in '12. And what we've projected -- and again, it's all connected to this issue of utilization, the ramp, the buying levels and the various segments of what's strong and what's not strong. We said for ballpark estimate, we're around 2.3. And if you look at the recovery in the overall market, we think the first quarter soaks up a fair amount of that drop of $300 million, maybe about half of it.
Michael A. Bradley: It always comes about from both, and socket wins probably are about half of that. And then the mix shift that we're forecasting is the rest of it.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. I think, Patrick, equipment is always reused. Usually, the lifetime of a piece of equipment in this space is at least sort of 7 to 10 years. That's always been true. I don't see that changing. I think the change is when you go from 28 to 20 or -- and so on is that the yield learning curve on the parts is one issue. So typically the 20-nanometer node will come in at a lower yield than the 28-nanometer node, and that is another thing that, early on, spurs more capacity early in the life cycle of a node. So when we move to 20, there will definitely be a surge of buying early in that node that will ameliorate until we get into the next node step over time. And those kind of come in 2- to 3-year increments, so you'll see a very strong year. And then you'll see a mature process technology maybe in the second year, and then by the third year, you're back into it again.
Michael A. Bradley: The -- I don't have it right in front of me, but we're between 70% and 80% utilizations with the mix of products, with the UltraFLEX at the high end being -- certainly at the high end or above the top number, where the 750 would be at the lower end of the utilization levels. I think OSAT has typically been -- the OSAT buying this past quarter was 47% of our total, down from 51% in the prior quarter. So obviously, that correlates to the utilization being a little bit lower on the OSAT side. But if you looked at it on a product basis, you'll find UltraFLEX at the high end of the utilization spectrum in all of the customer environments.
Michael A. Bradley: Yes. I mean, it's -- the industry numbers on this say that the utilization levels that we have right now are actually a little bit higher than the last trough. And it feels close to us, but it may in fact be just a hair. It's not lower. So it's around the same level. So I think it's more type of what Mark was talking about, and that is the product launches that really drive the spike in buying or that's the difference in the scenario this year versus last year. Whereas, I think utilization is kind of mirror image of -- in the 2 years.
Michael A. Bradley: Terence, well, it's -- the countries don't really kind of mask the company, so that's why we're holding back.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. This is Mark Jagiela. In the business in the last few years, it's all mobility that drives the volatility and buying for mobility. So if you compare last year to this year, essentially, we're seeing very similar trends where the mobility buys the dropoff in late third, early fourth quarter and start to pick up in first, and we're seeing some signs of that. The difference is that I think the tooling last year for mobility capacity was tooled for a peak ramp forecast of the new devices that probably came in slightly under that, so there's a little bit of utilization to soak up here in the first quarter. And as we look at the new products that will be introduced in second and third from our customers, the first step is to absorb a little bit of that capacity and then they'll -- that rocket will take off again. And that's around all the parts you would normally expect in these devices. There's WiFi, and we're seeing a little bit of sign there of that pickup, applications, processors, those kind of devices.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. This is Mark again. In mobility devices, we're probably right around the 50% point, if you look at tablet or cellphone and break it down. So that pulls up our average. And so if you look at the whole market, the place that pulls the average down would be in PCs where we really have low exposure, but roughly 50% mobility.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, Mark again. So our whole product strategy for a couple years now and go-to-market strategy has been focused on mobility. So when we talk about gaining a point or 2 of share per year, most of that is targeted at mobility devices. So we would expect that share to go up in 2013. That's our plan. And the product that we have for that area, it really focuses on 2 features to enable that. One is just the breadth of instrumentation. If you look at a phone compared to any other consumer or industrial product, the breadth of sensors, digital processing, analog processing, RF capability is vast, and you need a product that can do all that. That's what we've got. The second characteristic is the ramp and the time to market for new silicon. It's unbelievable. Three years ago, it might have been 6 months between a validated piece of silicon and a ramp, and that's compressed last year to down to 3 months. And I bet you this year, it'll be down to less than 2. And so the ability of the test system to debug silicon and get the yields more quickly is the other feature that we've leveraged into this. So we expect our share to go up. That's where we're focused and will continue to focus.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, I'm just speaking of SOC in that case. And what typically happens is when a new mobile device comes to market, it has a vertical ramp. And I'm not -- there's a bit of a prebuild of inventory that goes on but frankly, not as much as you would think. So a lot of capacity needs to be put in to keep up with that ramp, and the ramp is a forecast. And there's a range of how fast is this new thing going to ramp, and our customers don't want to be cut -- caught short on the upside. So they tend to buy toward the high side of the forecast for the ramp. What happened, I think, in 2012 is that the ramps for the new devices were very strong, better than average but not at the peak forecast that people bought to. So how much of an overhang was there? It's hard to calibrate. I don't think there's a lot. The utilization right now is quite high. So I think as we get into the next product announcements, you'll start to see the ramps kick in. But I think, as people think about capacity, they don't want to be caught short. And if the world comes in a little bit below the top end of the forecast, there'll be a little bit of overhang, and that's what we saw.
Mark E. Jagiela: And then on the product front, the new Eagle and J750 products that we'll be introducing this year are really going after segments in linear power automotive and microcontroller low-cost consumer, where we're currently very strong in share, and we see the ability to extend that with these product introductions. But the markets themselves that those 2 products are in are essentially slow-growth markets. So while we can pick up additional share in those markets and we're very strong there, a lot of the share gain we're looking at in 2013 is back in mobility, which is the UltraFLEX product that we introduced a major refresh on last year. And so as we look at our share position in 2012, like I mentioned before, in aggregate, it was in the low 40s, and in 2013, our target is to move that north into the mid-40s.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. So I agree with what Mike was saying. The market's going to be pretty anemic as a total market, maybe $400 million to $500 million of equipment, and our share right now is in the mid-teens. So -- what we do see happening technologically on the DRAM side as we go to known good die as bare die DRAM get popped onto application processors and mobile electronics, the test requirements at probe are getting increasingly important to get good yields at these integrated packages. And our high-speed memory tester in that regard has some advantages that we hope to exploit here in the next year or 2. On FLASH, the thing -- the only real technological driver in FLASH related to test that could cause a breakout there is as we move into SSD-type applications or even tablets, the need for FLASH to run at much higher speeds, bandwidth, is resulting in the interface speeds of NAND FLASH going up through toggle technologies. That obsoletes a lot of the installed base and test equipment, which has been sub kind of 100-megabit-per-second rates. And that's the other area we hope to exploit. As that shifts to 800 megabits and above, our Magnum product line is sort of sitting right in that sweet spot. But in an aggregate, the dynamic of buying, I think, will be as an aggregate market pretty flat for the next few years, but as the shares shift, those are the 2 things we're looking at to move north of the mid-teens up into the 20s.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. It's -- that is a tough one to call. I wouldn't -- actually, I don't think we should even try to speculate there because it might divulge some of our major customers' buying plans.
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. The biggest area for refresh is with 802.11ac, and we're in the very, very early innings of that. That was a small amount of our sales this year, and we captured very, very high market share. So I think 802.11ac is a significant WiFi standard change that will affect, our sense is, probably 2014 a lot more than '13, but it's going to continue to grow over time. The thing that's happened with WiFi this past year, and is still occurring, is the 5G band has been added, and that drives up test time. And I believe in China, the Chinese government is authorizing or releasing that 5G band, so that's good news as well for LitePoint.
Gregory R. Beecher: Sure. This is Greg again. Cellular revenues last year were less than 5% of our total sales, so very small. There was important design and so this year, we have plans to break into cellular in a much more meaningful way. And when you look at our guidance, the $260 million to $360 million, that's really cellular. If we have a good year in cellular, we're up at $360 million. If we don't, we're down at $260 million. So we see some good opportunities. But I did say last quarter was that the margins will be lower in cellular. It's very competitive and the new guy has to be very aggressive to get in. We've got some key product advantages, but some of these advantages can't be fully unleashed based upon how we have to fit into the test environment. So we feel good about our prospects. It is a long designing cycle, and we're not going to know probably until -- earliest would be Q1. And if we break in, which we have our sight set on doing that, we'll probably ship Q2, Q3.
Gregory R. Beecher: It's very early. You see some applications now, but we're in the early innings. That's going to run for the next at least 5, 7 years. It's going to help the SemiTest business, too, as well as LitePoint. I think the more you look around, you see applications showing up, but it certainly is nowhere -- I'd say it's inning 1 or 2 right now.
Gregory R. Beecher: It's obviously an attractive market, and I think we're bit of a target. So yes, it is very competitive, but we believe we can continue to execute and stay ahead. And I think in this business, LitePoint, it's also going to be quite volatile, like our other businesses. So 2012 was many new records, and we gave wide ranges. But if you look at the range inside the company, could be even wider. So it's a business that's very difficult to forecast, but strategically, we feel very good about our product portfolio and our position with customers, and we've gained market share last year. But it's very hard to call exactly where we might end up at any point in time.
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay, if I may, both good questions. Okay, on the first question, so we're in a good position. We are qualified, but I cannot tell you that doesn't mean yes, I win. There's a whole bunch of other things that have to get sorted out, but we are qualified and our tester can test the devices quite competitively. So we're in a good spot but stay tuned. A lot can happen between getting qualified and getting the order, okay? Second one on cash, we do try to, in each call, update you on cash and our strategy, but in truth, it really is a steady course. If you think about what we've done over the last 3 years, we've built a strong core that generates strong cash. We've used that cash to buy LitePoint, Eagle and invest in some other businesses. And that's given us 40% of our earnings growth. So we like that. We very much like that strategy. Now what I've also said is at some point, the cash grows and it gets perhaps much larger than where it is now, and then there's more pressure on us to think about the subject harder. What do we do? We're stepping back from that each quarter where we do the topic with our board, stock buyback, dividend. But we continue to stay the same course, to be very patient on stock buyback for our long-term shareholders, wait until the stock is severely undervalued and hold the hard-earned capital because we believe there are some attractive test companies, not exactly another LitePoint, but there might be other businesses that have some similarities to LitePoint that we could get a much greater return inside of Teradyne in our platform than buying back stock. And if we can't find those enterprises, then fair enough, the pressure is back on us to look harder at returning capital.
Gregory R. Beecher: I think it'll be higher, Krish. Just as a quick reminder, this past year, HDD was about $100 million all front end. The year before, it was $155 million, $160 million, so over 2 years, it averaged $125 million. But we all know that, that area is kind of weakening because of the tablet, but we do believe getting into 3.5 can help us with the cloud computing to get back up to $125 million, which is an amount of revenue we need to hit our 15% model profit. So we think we can get to about $125 million.
Gregory R. Beecher: The rest have gone up on this, and this is what we talked about earlier in the prepared remarks that we secured 2 lead customers to work with us on the design of this product. And one thing you want to do when you're designing new complex test equipment is to have the buyers working with you, so you get all the subtleties right. And we have market share agreements, so they're bought into it. So it's up to us to execute. A lot of risks in execution, but the good news is we've got some customers pulling us.
Gregory R. Beecher: I think 802.11ac will be well under 50% of the connectivity sales. This year, maybe it's 20%, that neighborhood, maybe 25%.
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. C.J., this is Greg. On the connectivity side, the growth is handsets. It's not the access point. I mean, it is some of that, but handsets is going to drive it at least for the next year or 2, and tablets would be next in terms of the drivers. On the cellular side, LTE generally needs more test time. It has many more bands and it's complex, different modulations, so test times go up. And it's a good opportunity because LitePoint has a production-optimized tester, so it plays well to their strengths.
Gregory R. Beecher: No difference. It should be following the same pattern. And I think with this connectivity subset, we're going to see Q2 and Q3, generally speaking, as the peak shipment quarters.
Gregory R. Beecher: This is Greg. We're not expecting a significant impact. The yen has moved around over a period of time. And we just haven't seen that affect our major competitor. I think they price based upon the competitive dynamics and what's necessary in that situation as opposed to have their pricing impacted by the yen, but stay tuned.
