Gregory R. Beecher: I think last quarter on the call I did indicate that it's not an either/or. We do intend to pursue highly strategic, very good fits into Teradyne in M&A, where we can grow companies faster and return capital. So if we can do both. We also want to get a good look at the midterm plan, which we hold together about this time of the year. And we want to spend enough time with our board to go through all the alternatives, trade-offs or M&A pipeline. But we tried to signal to you guys last time that we can do both.
Gregory R. Beecher: Sure, Jim. What drives the foreign cash high as a percent in some years is UltraFLEX and J750. Those are both very successful high-runner products, huge installed bases. Those profits for foreign customers end up in Singapore. So that's the foreign cash that got trapped. Our other businesses, whether it's LitePoint, Eagle, Nextest, MilAero, production board test, that would be U.S. cash flow. And it's a mix of how those businesses perform year-to-year affects the cash flows in one location versus the other.
Gregory R. Beecher: I wouldn't think of this that way per se, Jim. After this $350 million, the buyback and the dividend, if you model Teradyne -- and it's hard to model U.S. versus foreign cash flow. But no matter how you do it, you're going to see that there isn't really any excess cash in the U.S. at the end of this buyback. So that's how we thought about it. And we have a foreign cash trap problem, which is a result of a lower tax rate. So it's more about bringing our U.S. cash flow closer to the minimum balance.
Gregory R. Beecher: And -- the proper rate was profitable in the fourth quarter. And for the year, it was profitable above the ATE industry model they target at 15%. It was above that. So while the market has been compressed, LitePoint, as I think we've said in the past, has manufacturing production optimized testers, which generally means lower cost of goods sold and better throughput and easier to use in production, because they don’t use a general-purpose tester or an R&D tester and try to convert it. So the gross margins and the operating profits are still good. But they're down from the record levels. Prior to this year, we were averaging a much higher operating profit rates. But again, we're still north of the 15%.
Gregory R. Beecher: Yes. Well, we look at the total capital return first in total, and then we see it's -- you could increase the dividend and/or buyback the stock. But we thought a very meaningful stock buyback really depleting our U.S. cash to the minimum level would be the strongest signal we can send to our long-term investors to really show the confidence that we have sitting here. So we thought that was a stronger move. And we also said each January we will update you on our next year's capital allocation plan. So stay tuned next January. We'll update you what the plan is then.
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, I would say the vast majority of it -- or the majority of it is the application processors. But I would say the associated mobile chips that go with that are also, we're thinking, going to be down. So those would be the Wireless, whether it's WiFi or whether it's the LTRF transceivers and baseband chips to also will be down compared to last year. So in the end markets, the devices themselves will grow. They just won't grow as much as last year. And therefore, the tests needs will be down a little bit. So outside of Wireless and mobility, areas like analog and automotive and even image sensor, which is actually a mobile product, will grow this year. So those are all going to grow. And it's just that the relative magnitude of the swing in the mobile devices is quite large. And that underlying growth of these other device segments really cushion a little bit but not the whole swing.
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. Well, just to go back and refresh, the SOC test market in '14 was $2.35 billion. And this year, what we said in the remarks here is that we expect it to be somewhere between $2.2 billion down to $1.95 billion. So we expect it to come down based -- for the reasons I mentioned earlier. And then inside that, we every year have a goal of trying to gain 1 to 2 points of share in SOC. We've been on that trend line now for quite some time and being successful, although it's lumpy year to year. So 1 to 2 points of share in SOC. And then in memory this year, we're looking around 3 points of share to pick up. So those are our goals,. Those are the goals we've had for several years running now.
Gregory R. Beecher: It -- this year in it's down year, it operated above the 15% ATE industry model profit rate. So it's above that. The priority [ph] business [ph] was considerably above that. I think the model for LitePoint probably is about -- long term it's probably 20% heated [ph] business. So that's where I expect them to operate plus or minus a few points and it will be lumpy.
Gregory R. Beecher: C.J., I'll start with the second question first. You're right, our tax rate's gone up in 2015, but we're going to have more U.S. cash flows. It goes hand-in-hand. But if you go back prior few years, our tax rate was 18%. It was also lower than that, it was 13%. So it's fluctuated in the teens and that's when a lot of cash got offshore, which is a good problem to have. But if you look at the snapshot of '15, yes, it's looking more like a TI-type rate. But this -- at this rate of 27%, that's a high rate for us given our mix of businesses. We are constantly looking at tax planning. The only kind of gotcha with tax planning is the more profits you put offshore the less cash that's available to increase a dividend or to buy back stock. So we have to navigate how much we want offshore for a lower tax rate versus how much we want to return to our shareholders. And the former question was -- I lost track...
Gregory R. Beecher: Well, the authorization is about 7% of our share count. So I would expect by the end of the year we'll take those shares out, and whether it's 16 million shares there about. And then the normal dilution should occur that's happened in the last couple of years.
Mark E. Jagiela: All right, I'll take that one, Tim. You're right in terms of the fact that the market has contracted dramatically. I wouldn't say pricing's down as much as you suggested, but it has been down. Now the thing that's going to play out, as I mentioned in my remarks, over the next few years, I think it will be a continued tough market. There's some technical innovations in how handsets and such get tested that we believe will break out over the next 2 to 3 years and allow Teradyne -- we plan -- to sort of emerge from that. So as long as the market stays in its current algorithm around how it's testing the handsets, it'll be a tough slow-growth market. But we do see some things coming with the proliferation of more bands in phones and the premium on how does that phone switch bands, hand off voice to WiFi, gets voice over LTE going. All of that complexity probably requires a rethink in how phones get tested, and we've got some work going on in that direction.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. So most of the growth in the System Test business did come from storage test. And in 2014, we endeavored to get a good position in SSD testing that worked in our favor. We ended up with over $20 million of test business in SSD test in the year. So that was a significant part of the growth. And the other part was the production board test side. Now if you think about this year, the good news in storage test is it looks like on top of the SSD business we will see a return to buying at some level for hard disk drives for enterprise and cloud. So there's a trend there that looks good. MilAero should also grow this year. So I think after many years of that section of the business being weak to down, we are back and going to see sequential years of growth.
Mark E. Jagiela: Okay. A lot of topics there. Let me start with the yen and dollar issue. So our competitor being yen- and euro-dominated currency, in terms of their OpEx, certainly we'll see a benefit from the exchange rates over time since the tester market worldwide is predominantly a dollar-based transaction. We haven't seen any pricing changes as a result of that. And as they've indicated, hopefully, they'll take all of that to profit and will have a health ecosystem. But -- so on that front, nothing new and -- so we just watch and see what will happen. In terms of the year-to-year swings in the SOC market and around mobility, it's really more than just applications processors. It's a whole series of parts that includes the base band, the RF and the PMICs and a variety of other things that have coincidentally been on this even year-odd year cadence. And for example, in 2014, what drove it above average I would say was a series of things happened in that year. The diversity of new product introductions in the year was quite larger than normal. We had more flavors of new handset products coming to market than with the typical. And inside those handsets, there was more innovative capabilities and silicon than in a typical year, say the prior year of 2013. So those 2 things combined to drive test demand. The other thing that happened in '14 is there was, I would say, pent-up demand to refresh handsets in the consumer base. And so the level of ramp around those new product introductions to meet the surge of demand for the handsets was quite high. And if you look through the year, the level of shipments doesn't -- isn't flat for handsets. It kind of peaks perhaps in the fourth quarter. And so -- and people have to tool for that peak. And a year where the introductions may not be as, let's say, a lot of change in technology or diversity, a lot of that capacity can be smoothed out and reabsorbed. So I would say the fourth quarter peak last year in handsets is probably higher than normal. So that explains why last year was high. This year, we think, we'll be more like a 2013 market, where there certainly will be change but not at that level. So when we look forward to '16, why are we confident that '16 will be another surge year? And it really gets into what we see are the underlying new designs that -- and the technologies and complexity of the new designs that are currently in sort of a test chip mode that won't show up for another year and half. And when we look at that and just from that extrapolate, we say, boy, '16 should be another big year of a more complex introduction of more diverse products, and that should drive our market. So a long-winded answer, but that's how we look at it.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, first of all, in the Wireless -- yes, good questions. In the Wireless business last year, we didn't really have any significant layoff. We made so few adjustments, less than a couple of percent of the total workforce. And...
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. Rack-and-stack equipment has always played a role at the simple device end of test for semiconductors. And so to things like power amplifiers or discrete semiconductors, that's always been a situation that they've persisted in. I think there is a trend for them trying to move further up the food chain, so that's happening. But the complexity of these devices, in other words, in order to get really innovative products at a low cost that a consumer would crave requires some functionality that typically can't be produced in a simple device. So producing an advanced, let's say, Bluetooth or WiFi-embedded microcontroller with a bunch of sensors and convertors to do something significant for a consumer is a complex chip. It's not an expensive chip, per se, but it's complex. And the ability for the rack-and-stack guys to move in and test those I think is limited.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, we have optimized the company for margins, so it's a question of how much. And as Greg mentioned in his remarks, we scaled back significantly in 2009 and '10 on OpEx. And what we found is that our competitor didn't. And in that situation, over the long course of time we've been increasing our R&D and in a few other places in the company as a result. Now that's all proven successful. We've been able to have a large profit headroom over the competitor, even with that increasing OpEx. But since this is a long-term battle, we have to make sure that our product portfolio and our customer-facing support is competitive.
Mark E. Jagiela: I think that's hard to predict that mix. But I think a way -- one way to think about it is our overall market share is about 50%, and if the market's going to come down $200 million, $300 million, it could reasonably assume that we're not overly highly concentrated in those mobility segments. I would say that if our 50% share on average is spread around, -- we have higher share in analog and microcontroller and such, and in mobility it's probably a little bit below 50. So -- but rough math, you might say, if the market comes down $200 million, maybe a $100 million of that comes out of us.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, good question. In Wireless Test, the volatility in the market is much higher on the cellular side of test than it is on the WiFi side of the test. So 1 of the factors there will be in Asia, and primarily in China, how will the year play out with incremental volume and who and which supplier of handsets in China will capture that incremental volume. There's a wide variation in terms of test intensity among the different suppliers of handsets. So that's something that's hard to call,. That is part of the reason the ranges is a bit wide. And we're -- as I mentioned, we're positioned pretty well across a large number of those. But what each might invest in terms of test and quality assurance is different.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, first on the reuse thing. In SemiTest, the platforms that we sell tend to be utilized for 10 years or so. There is some obsolescence that occurs along the way and the systems gets refreshed with new instruments. And as the devices increase in complexity, they -- that typically means there's more power supplies and more digital pins needed in the tester to test the parts that are upgraded. That's not new. That's been going on forever. And we expect that to be the case in '16. So the products that we've installed in '14 and will in '15 will certainly be utilized and upgraded for use in '16 and in addition to new systems. So if the world's adding, let’s say, 250 million new smartphones a year, that gets serviced by predominantly new testers and then the additional -- the current testers get upgraded. The other thing that happens with each new complex device is the test time goes up. So that tends to require additional capacity as well. So it's not just the incremental 250 million that needs to be serviced, but the other 1 billion units or devices that are being produced need more capacity as well. So that's sort of the flywheel effect that keeps going. And the real wildcard, I'd say, under all of that is, well, what's the level of incremental jump in complexity coming in '16 versus '15 versus '14? And we triangulate on that by just looking at the standards, the chips that are running in a sort of test chip environment that are maybe 9 months to a year from production and try to extrapolate off of that.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, a bit. But memory test has been under pretty tight control band for a while now. There are -- there -- I'd say there's more upside in memory than in prior years. Because with the move to LPDDR4 for mobile devices, that's a frequency jump again. That's a challenge, and it limits the reuse of existing testers. So to the extent the shift toward LPDDR4 DDR4 tends to be harder, that will move the market up. And then the SSD side on Flash, that's another potential upside balloon that if the shift occurs a little bit faster, it can drive upside there. So I think on the -- it's a good point. The memory side this year probably has a bit more upside than normal.
Mark E. Jagiela: Probably, on the DRAM question it's -- I'd say, it's kind of evenly split. Although known good die is starting to get some traction, I think it'll be on both wafer and package. And then on the Flash test side, packaged test probably is a little more upside because of the -- that's the spot where the frequency validation and certification occurs.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, if you think about memory, memory is a $500 million market. And we pick up 3 points of share, that means $15 million of additional revenue out of the memory business. If memory has a very strong year of $600 million, it would actually be quite a bit more. But it's not going to make up for the falloff in the overall SOC business, where we have 50% share of a $2.2 billion market.
