Mark E. Jagiela: Jim, thanks. Yes, I think the analog business is one of those pieces that is strengthening, and it tends to be less volatile overall than some of the digital businesses. So in the second quarter, I wouldn't say that it's peaked. We're still seeing strong demand for our Eagle and FLEX testers, which primarily serve that segment. I think for the rest of the year, it will continue to strengthen a bit. Some of the companies you mentioned, some are pure analog versus a mix of different types of parts. But overall, what we see is that analog will remain strong and probably strengthen a little bit in the second half.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, I think Wireless Test is going to be propelled by unit growth and complexity. And the period we're in, in the past, I would say, 2 years, last year and this year, is that the unit growth has slowed a bit for complex devices because of the sort of pushout of China LTE deployment. And people, in the meantime, in the traditional markets have been working on a lot of optimization and reuse of equipment. So what we do see is that the deployment of LTE in China will occur. It's hard to predict when the ramp starts to go vertical, but it will come. And with that will come a lot of complexity in those phones from an RF point of view and -- on the RF and from an applications processor and power management point of view. So for both the SemiTest business and the LitePoint business, we think that the China wave will be the next wave of benefit we see from the wireless space. And then what comes after that will be further enhancements with LTE Advanced and such that will continue to drive increased bandwidth and test complexity.
Mark E. Jagiela: Sure. Memory is a little bit of a bright spot in that the share gains, we're on track for the first half of the year with what we said, 3 to 4 points of share gain. We're seeing increasing demand in memory, actually. The -- both DRAM and the Flash speeds are going up dramatically. That is causing, I think, unplanned obsolescence at some of our customers. Whereas they had hoped they could reuse some legacy equipment, the mix shift toward higher-speed DRAMs and higher-speed Flash is driving a little bit more demand. And that's playing into our products' strength and driving our share north. So last year, we finished around 25%, 26% share of the memory market. Our goal this year is if we can stretch it to 30%, plus or minus a few, it would be great.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. That market is very nascent and early, so I would not, at this point, be able to put a market size on it. We've gotten some initial design wins that are first applications of our product to that space. So we've really got to go through that initial deployment and see where it sorts out before we could start to think about this as a market and a sizing and such. So some good early indicators enough to make a big difference in the bottom line of that relatively small business, but it's too early to call the market.
Mark E. Jagiela: I'll take that one. In my remarks, I believe I mentioned one of the factors affecting us was there was test capacity left over from the prior year that's being absorbed. So I think that's affecting us this year. And just to step back, in the last 2 years, there have been very high buying from LitePoint and Wireless Test. I think those last 2 years were above the trend line. I think we're below our trend line now, and this is not uncommon in tests, where there's some buying, it gets optimized, it gets better used with experience and know-how and then that pushes out future capital purchases. So that's what we believe is going on this year. And at some point, that capacity is absorbed and we're back delivering new testers. In terms of market share, we feel confident that -- overall, that we will gain market share yet again this year. It might be a couple of points. Now we accept market share is -- unlike SemiTest, where there's third-party reporting, it's more difficult. But the way we count noses, we think we have a good understanding of our position.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. I'll take that one, too. If you look at our history over time, and I think I also mentioned this, our bookings in the third quarter drop anywhere from 24% to 57%. So that's a very wide range that we have to model with. It can be a steep or a small drop. So could there be upside? Yes, there could be. But we tend to try to play it conservatively so that we earn your credibility. We weren't super cautious, but we were sort of normal cautious the way we normally set our guidance. So we feel good where we set it. And another key thing for us is, if you look at Q2 and Q3 together, taken together, it's similar to what the sell-side consensus was before this call. So I think you guys got it right. It's just some business came in a little bit earlier.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, I think -- so to start with analog, sensors and microcontrollers, I think there's a long-term systemic growth coming there that's both new applications driving an increase in unit volume growth for the devices. On top of that, there'll be increased test intensity because of some of the trends I cited in my remarks. So those 2 pieces I'm very optimistic about going into next year and beyond. Mobility is always volatile, and lots of things happen. Node -- you mentioned one, for example. Next year, there's likely to be a significant node shift. Now that in and of itself doesn't drive a lot of incremental test capacity, unless there's a yield issue, which did happen at the 28-nanometer node in 2012. So there's always this possibility that a node issue can create a temporary capacity surge. But it all averages out over time because once the yield issues are fixed, that capacity gets absorbed. That's what we saw in 2013. So as I look at where we are now and next year, I think looking at the balloons and anchors, it feels it's going to be about a similar kind of pattern with a systemic increase in test intensity perhaps buoying the market a little bit. So that's the color I can give you at this point.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes. Surprised is a term of art because we always, in our manufacturing model, put in enough upside capacity to deal with some amount of surprise or pull-ins. And in this case, the customers were pulling hard to get a little bit ahead of some of the ramp of silicon for some product launches coming soon. And on the Semiconductor Test side, we actually exhausted not all but quite a significant portion of our upside. So it would have been hard for us to do much more in SemiTest than we did. On some of the other segments, we did still have some dry powder. We could have done more. We didn't need to. But that's a position we're in pretty much every quarter. When we're in a peak quarter like we are in the second quarter and third quarter months, we can have, depending -- if the mix hits right, anywhere from $50 million to $100 million of upside. And in a trough month or trough quarter, we might have $150 million of upside. But that's how we've been running the business now for 4 years, and it helped us really be responsive. And it's part of why I believe we've been able to move market share.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, I think there's one factor that needs to be put in there. So yes, it's up this year from last year. It will be up 1%-plus. But the buy rate in the past had effect of some large microprocessor companies were buying significant commercial capacity. They tend, at this point, to move in-house. And so that was in the commercial market numbers in '10, '11, '12, and it's out of the commercial market numbers that you look at in '13, '14 and beyond. So if you -- and that could be on the order of several hundred million dollars of buying. So if you neutralize that effect of shifting from commercial to in-house, I think you would find it's back not quite to that 1.3% level, but it's getting back there.
Mark E. Jagiela: I think -- well, I think it will -- my belief is it will slowly trend back up because of these test intensity issues we're seeing. And so if we're looking out -- in our planning, if we're looking a couple of years down the road, it's somewhere in the, let's say, 1% to 1.3% range is probably a planning number.
Mark E. Jagiela: Yes, that's possible. But I would still say there is strong seasonal patterns, like there is in SemiTest. So the design wins can help. But our design win, we believe we are going to start as the second source guys, so we're going to start at a lower share. So to us, they're very strategic. We can't say the names of these accounts, but they're very -- the accounts we'd want to be in. So we think, long term, we're in a very good path. It's just that the dollars probably will be smaller than the importance of these strategic wins long term.
Mark E. Jagiela: And I would also say that it's an ebb and flow, where in any given year, some technologies don't offer an opportunity for a lot of equipment upgrades, but then there's new technologies coming into the phone. So what you'll see over time is that the portfolio of product offerings expands to cover more and more technologies. And sometimes, those waves get in sync, and sometimes, they're out of sync. But that's how we work with the established customers to increase our share of wallet.
Mark E. Jagiela: Well, I think if you're referring to the cellular design wins we've talked about, in the LitePoint case, in the WiFi side of Lite, we very quickly moved to a dominant position. But we were moving in at a time when the market was also nascent and exploding, like LitePoint was. So we rode a wave and had a strong position. Here, we're coming into an established market. And because of the rapid product life cycles that Greg mentioned, it's actually possible to move into a high share position within 1- or 2-generation design cycle, which is a 1- or 2-year period. If the product life cycles were quite long, like SemiTest's 3 years, there's a much slower share-move strategy. But here, it can move more quickly.
Gregory R. Beecher: Okay. We don't typically do that, Tim. But I'll say the SemiTest, we expect to -- obviously, we have a larger segment. And basically, Semi and LitePoint are going to be down a bit from the prior quarter, but they'll both be down about the same amount [indiscernible] percent.
Gregory R. Beecher: C.J., that's correct. We would expect a stronger Q4 than we traditionally had. So clearly, our plan is back-end loaded, and it's tied to, we think, the China 4G buying will starting to pick up, and we've gotten design wins. The trick for us though is, as we've gotten these very important design wins, it's also not quite clear how much we're going to get until the very, very end. We know we won, but are they going to give us 10%, 20%? What percent of the buy are we going to get? So even that's still in play now. So what we feel good about is we get those design wins and over time, similar to what we did in connectivity many years ago, you start as the low share guy, you work your way up over time. So we like where we are strategically, but we accept it's hard to call the short term.
Gregory R. Beecher: Mehdi, we believe is as the year goes on, these design wins we're getting in Asia, for example, we think there is going to be the 4G handset build-out now that the towers are getting put in place and the infrastructure. So therefore, we'll get business from that end. In terms of existing customers that have excess capacity, there may be very little extra business we get from them.
Gregory R. Beecher: In the third quarter, we have a set of NREs, fees paid to third parties, that coalesce in the third quarter, 3 -- about 3 NREs in different parts of the company, principally in SemiTest. So that's a bit of a bubble that we don't expect in the fourth quarter. And that's just timing. It happens now and then.
Gregory R. Beecher: As you said at the outset, we don't talk about fourth quarter guidance, so that's key. But all I could tell you is history should be a strong indicator for you. And yes, we think LitePoint could have some better news in the fourth quarter. But again, I also said that these are key wins that we start with small second source positions but important for the long term.
Gregory R. Beecher: I think it's about innovation for the foreseeable future. That's what LitePoint was incredibly successful in the connectivity side. LitePoint's brought innovation to cellular test, but they were late to the market, so it's a different hand they had to play. I do think, with our production-focused optimized approach, that, over time, we'll win. And that includes everything from we tend to have a lower-cost product, the COGS of it. The throughput's better. It's easier to program. So it's exactly what is needed in a low-cost Asian fast-ramp manufacturing environment. Our competitors are all very capable. But they tend to come from an R&D or a general-purpose instrument and they try to bring that into the battlefield. That's not as strong an offering as we have because we optimize on the exact problem at hand. So I do think you're going to see that, over time, we'll continue to be very strong with production-optimized testing. Some of our competitors are better at general purpose or in the R&D lab.
Gregory R. Beecher: We generally have upgrade paths for our customers, where needed. If it makes sense, we'll do what's necessary to give the customer the roadmap that they need. So we do get business from upgrades, but we also -- there's also, in this industry, new products every year. I mean the product life cycle, the new products -- every 9 months to 12 months is a new product. So there is an element of upgrade. But I think that the greatest drive is the next product and the next product. And there's so much change happening. Unlike SemiTest where you have 2-, 3-year product design cycles, this is 9 months, so it's constantly changing.
Gregory R. Beecher: The last maybe 12 months, thereabouts, customers are buying future-proof out of the box or buying testers with, example, 802.11ac even though they're not testing for that now. So customers have a choice. You can buy a future-proof tester or you can buy something lower cost for the problem at hand. So they have the choice.
Gregory R. Beecher: We haven't -- we're probably not -- we're not going to do that in this call and don't plan to. But LitePoint would expect to operate with good profits this year, as well as the prior 2 years. Obviously also, though, we've invested much were in the distribution and in the R&D in cellular tests. This -- we see this LTE as an opportunity. It's a discontinuity. Customers are looking for different solutions. They can't buy what they bought in the past. So there is this opportunity, whether it's a 1, 2-year window. So this is when we need our best engineers, best products engineers and best sales guys out in the field. And we've done that in the past year in the major Asian countries. So we've absolutely ramped up the LitePoint OpEx. And it is delivering with the early design wins, which, whether it's 2 years, 3 years, it will be some time period where we believe we can move from small share to a much more meaningful share.
Gregory R. Beecher: What they tend to do is try to copy our product. We had 4 up testing, now everyone else has 4 up testing. But we have other things up our sleeve that they don't know about. So we're always, we believe, a turn ahead of them with some innovation. But they generally are fast followers. And the customers tell them, "Do what LitePoint did. Do what LitePoint did." But they're not starting with the best architecture to do that, so they have to make trade-offs. And often, they have higher COGS in their product. The other thing they're doing in the short term is they do what others do, they lower price. But we have much better throughput, so we tend -- that's usually not the best way for them to respond, but that's the only thing they can do in the short term.
