Mark Jagiela: Yes. So, a couple of comments. Utilization of the existing installed fleet of testers is very high. And as we described in Q4, we have still continued shipments and strength into China. So, the pull for demand through Q4 is strong and unabated. I also mentioned in my remarks that China is the one geography this year that’s up for test where the rest of the world is down. So, the key question is what’s normal? And, I think, there’s been a heavy, heavy investment for infrastructure -- 5G infrastructure test tooling this year. And it wouldn’t -- and we’ve been surprised as well by how long it’s continued. The view going into next year is that there should be a little bit of a pause in some of the rate that they’re adding capacity but that the long-term trend line is still intact, and that could pick up again in the back half of the year. But frankly, the forecasts that we’ve been looking at throughout this year, as you can see from our results, have been somewhat weak and the actuality has been stronger. So, it’s really hard to predict at the moment.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So, that’s a good question. The $300 million to $400 million increment is based on 5G in general. And what we’ve said in the past is that somewhere around 2021, 2022, when the majority of smartphones crossover with 5G millimeter wave capability, we would see that kind of bump. Much of what we may see next year in smartphones for 5G is sub-6G, which has an impact but not as much as millimeter wave. However, the infrastructure demand this year has been so strong that what I would suggest is that of that $300 million to $400 million, we’re probably this year seeing $200 million or so of that bump from 5G. Now, the infrastructure piece comes first. That will likely wane a little bit as we go through the next few years as the capacity gets built up to run out a lot of base stations, and then the phone thing will kick in. It’ll kick in a little bit next year for sub-6G and then in subsequent years to a greater extent with millimeter wave, is how to think about it.
Mark Jagiela: Well, there’s strength in, I would say, general computing and sort of AI type big digital applications out there. I think, there’s also strength in handsets in general, not 5G related but just 4 G, the complexity of the processors, the extra sort of MIMO and RF side of the 4G phones this year has driven a lot of test demand as well. So, it’s sort of all on the digital side. And I’d say, phones -- 4G phones are the principal other half of the equation.
Mark Jagiela: And I would also, just on the specific, comment around Techman and OMRON. We’ve talked about them as -- it’s an interesting product, but it’s really not a price deflator, and even in its home turf of Japan, that’s our strongest growing region this year with UR. So, I think, the thought that somehow price competition or competition in general is causing the growth sort of slowing in UR is really not how we see it. It’s more the macroeconomic effects.
Mark Jagiela: Overall, the mix is as we planned. We are seeing continued strength in mobility. That is a key driver. It’s not anything more than that.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So, those two trends are great. We love it. That helps our product line. But, I would say that it’s likely that the low 40% share position we will have in 2019 is a bit inflated because of the DRAM portion of test buying this year is quite low. NAND has been better than DRAM, and DRAM is sort of the new space we’re entering, our share there is still relatively small. So, if we think about 2020, if the market this year is $600 million, we’ve talked about trend line market of $700 million for memory, if we think about the trend line going -- market going back, it’s likely to be on the DRAM side and our share next year could come down into the high 30s. But, given the products and the trends that you cited, if we think about another couple of years out, we should be routinely operating in that sort of mid-40% range is our view.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. And I think, geographically, as we look at United States as an example, we’ve had some areas of the North America and the U.S. that we’ve been a little light in our distribution network. So, we’re going to fill that out. And on the verticals front, we do see that electronics remains strong. It’s not like we haven’t invested in electronics, but we haven’t leaned into it disproportionately. And I think that’s one area where we will have more concentration, looking forward.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. So, that’s exactly right. It’s the classic customer or the big opportunities for AutoGuide tend to be larger enterprises and the direct sales approach there will be the predominant approach, not that we won’t have channel partners, we do and will expand that. But in the early going here, that will be the majority of the story versus MiR and UR, which come at it from the other way or today 90-plus-percent is through the channel, and we’re just developing a few enterprise direct sales accounts.
Mark Jagiela: So, I would say very little pricing activity that would be abnormal in this environment. And what I said earlier about DRAM is kind of weak this year. So, if you normalize out DRAM, maybe the way to think about it is our 42%-43% share would be more like 37%-38%. And so, that’s probably more our natural share position at this point. And we’re basically picking up business at existing memory manufacturers. So, there’s some real share gains happening at the traditional suppliers that you might think of for memory. And then there’s emerging players in China, which are kind of a jump ball that we’re competing with. And our share in China is above our kind of average share globally. So, those two pieces are what combine to sort of put us at that natural 37%-38% point.
Mark Jagiela: Well, there’s activity in both. I don’t think I would break it down too much. But, both areas, we see activity.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think, when we say analog, in the purest sense, linear analog is a market that traditionally is sort of in the $300 million to $400 million range. And this year, it’s probably at the low end of that. Then, there is another segment that’s related to the discussions going on in the sort of general linear analog area related to automotive and MCU and logic. That’s a market that probably oscillates between $300 million to $500 million and is also down at the low end of its range this year, probably even a little bit below $300 million. And we had a couple of strong years of automotive, bleeding up into the -- coming into this year. This year, it’s obviously down quite a bit in automotive. And if past trends sort of hold, it’ll stay down for another nine months to a year perhaps before we start to see that recover.
Mark Jagiela: From 5G, I don’t think we have that broken down well for you. So, no, I can’t do that for you on the fly here. I’m not sure that’s something we’re going to be able to break out too easily. But, I can’t do it off the top of my head. Sorry.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. I think, there is a view that the hardware is a commodity and the software is where all the money is going to be. And I would just reiterate that the differentiation we have in hardware has been incredibly strong and powerful throughout the 4.5 years we’ve owned UR and continues to be. And then, on the second point around software, isn’t that sort of the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow? I think, there is something to that over time that more and more value can be captured through software, not at the expense of hardware, however. I don’t believe it’s that. But, I do think it’s another market that will grow in conjunction with the hardware. So, it’s something we’re looking at. We do have a good platform to develop some capability around that. But, I wouldn’t disabuse hardware for the sake of software. I think, they’re both attractive and interesting.
Mark Jagiela: So, maybe on that last point first. I think, UR is going to grow in fourth quarter over third because typically fourth quarter is a big bump for us. It probably won’t -- it will be single digits compared to year-over-year fourth quarter, but it will likely be up a little bit. We’re doing this in light of the fact that if you look at the macroeconomic indicators of industrial output in the U.S. and Europe, they’re significantly weak and down. If you look at the traditional suppliers of industrial automation for example, whether it’s Japanese machine tool sales or some of the specific companies that have announced recent trends, you’ll see that they are down anywhere from 10% to 30% year-over-year, where we’re roughly low single-digit growth. So, I think we’re going to have that kind of a headroom over the traditional cyclical industrial automation market where we will oscillate with 10, 15-point gap on top of those guys. So, the real question is when will the industrial manufacturing sector in North America and Europe return to an expansive mode. And that one, I think, it’s hard for us to call. We think that we can grow next year, even in light of the current economic conditions we see in Industrial Automation. So, we think it’ll be a growth year next year. But, is it going to be single digits or back into that 30 to 40 range? It’s a little tough for us to call that right now. On Japan specifically, it’s interesting in Japan. Japan is a country that really sees the value of automation, they’ve got a demographic issue that requires it for them to stay productive. And we’re seeing that our product is able to win a disproportionate amount of collaborative robots business there, despite the fact, as somebody mentioned earlier, OMRON’s home turf is there. They’ve decided to tap demand there, but the Universal Robots product in cobot is winning. So, that’s all very encouraging to us. And if you look at the PMI and other indicators in Japan, they’re actually not quite down as much as they are elsewhere in the world. And in China, it’s a similar, believe it or not, demographic concern. There is an issue of finding staff to do a lot of this manual labor. That has resulted in companies in China continuing to invest, even though there is a lot of economic uncertainty and in some industries downturn there. We have automotive suppliers in China and elsewhere. Even though the automotive industry is down, they’ve got -- and they’re letting go people, in some cases closing factories, there is still steady Eddie adding collaborative robots at a good clip, because they see the long-term trend line. So, all of that to me is positive. I think, we’re learning, we’re not immune. The ROI for collaborative robots is fantastic, whether it’s an economic upturn or downturn. So, we’d like to believe we can fight through the downturn and still get growth, and we are. But, it’s kind of single-digit and I expect we’ll always going to ride above the curve here, throughout these cycles.
Mark Jagiela: So, I think, I want to break that into two different test markets. There’s the LitePoint business we have that saw tremendous spike when 4G rolled out, of handsets shifting over to 4G, which happened quite rapidly. And LitePoint is fueled by those standards shifts. And so, when you think of LitePoint’s business, that market grew to like $1 billion in size, LitePoint’s business grew upwards of $100 million. It was a huge boom and then a bust. 5G for LitePoint I think is going to go slower because there is more -- under the 5G umbrella, there’s more sub-standards, and it’s a slower rollout. In Semi Test, I think, it’s a different issue. Semi Test has been benefiting less from sort of the standards change to 4G than the complexity growth associated with the standard, its evolution and all of the sort of other features in phones. So, we’ve had a decade almost now of strong mobility Semi Test demand. Some of that you can attribute to the 4G standard, much more of it you attribute to the complexity growth in the phone and other -- perhaps correlated but other areas, like the apps processor, the AI getting built in, the image sensors, et-cetera. So, when we look at the 5G world for Semi Test, there is a there is a difference. One subtle difference, but I think the net result is going to be the same. The subtle difference is the 5G millimeter wave step-in is a much bigger technological impact than the 4G LTE step for Semi Test. The silicon to go at millimeter wave frequencies is going to be more test intensive and require higher test intensity for Semi Test. So, that’s the balloon. And it will be metered out over years. The complexity growth is a constant. So, that one I think continues. And so you’ve got a little bit more of a bump on top of it with millimeter wave being more complex. So, looking forward, marginally more test intensive than looking backwards is how I think about it.
Mark Jagiela: Well, I think, overall, we’ve got to get a kind of rollout of millimeter wave. So, that’s a key part. That drives a lot of the RF test intensity that we’re solid and good at. And the memory story has to play out as it’s playing out are sort of two key elements of that. And then, less important, but also in there is picking up a little more what we would look at as Edge AI type test business. We have to get more devices in automotive and in consumer products that are digitally intensive and executing these inference algorithms that have been developed in the cloud. We’re strong there. That growth is sort of the third leg of the stool that gets us there.
Mark Jagiela: Okay. So, on the silicon side, that one’s a tough one to call right now, because people are still developing early, early test cases for the 5G silicon. Now, the 5G specific silicon tends to be -- there’s transceivers, there’s antennas and there is a modem. And all of those are in early pilot phase production, all of them have today much higher test times, which if you extrapolate it will come up with stupid numbers for test markets. And we expect they will get optimized, as always, over the next year as they to go to production. So, I think, in the end, we’re going to see small, maybe handful, 10% plus or minus kind of test time increases when people finally sort through all this. But, that’s sort of a rough number we use.
Mark Jagiela: Yes. It’s primarily a technology driver. The automotive unit volume in the world’s not going to move much over the next decade probably or at least for the next five years. But, the complexity growth of the silicon in automotive is what’s important. And much of that relates to more autonomous driving, driver assistance technologies flowing into the cars. And from the design point of view, a lot of tooling was put in place for that last year. This year, I think, because unit volumes are down in such that the manufacturers are kind of holding off, but I expect, like I said before, that will return to growth late next year. And that trend line for automotive elect test -- let’s say, automotive test should be above the trend line of the rest of the industry in terms of growth. So, we look at that it’s going to grow probably greater than 10% on average, whereas the rest of the test market we’ve modeled in that sort of 4% to 5% range.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. Hi, it’s Sanjay here. I’ll comment on the UR pricing competition first. I think, first of all, UR margins actually ticked up this quarter slightly. When we look at our win-loss and evaluate the competition, pricing is obviously out there from other competitors that’s much lower. However, we haven’t lost significant business on that front. So, I think, we have a quality product offering, it’s recognized well by the customer base, and it’s being priced appropriately. And so, I think, from a UR standpoint, yes, we are planning that competition eventually will get the quality levels up and we’ll have to deal with a little bit of pricing. But, currently, that’s not necessarily the case where we’re losing business from a price perspective. From a long-term perspective on AutoGuide, I think, in both, Mark’s and my prepared remarks, I think, you need to consider this as a complemental or complement set of offerings in our portfolio of higher payload, of which there’ll be some potential product go-to-market synergies with MiR and entire portfolio. That coupled with the scale of Teradyne in the core competencies, we believe very strongly in completing out the portfolio of Industrial Automation. And this is just another example.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. It’s Sanjay here. So, I think, Q3 gross margins had favorable product mix, specifically tied to the Semi Test business. We get to -- the same Semi Test business has a little bit of mix change and that’s driving kind of the margin percentage down a tad, so 59% to 58% roughly. But, it’s kind of in our plan and as expected.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. So, I think, from an Industrial Automation perspective, you should expect us to be in the teens for 2019.
Sanjay Mehta: Growth. And so -- yes. So, expected to be in the teens. And then, from -- and that’s a full-year 2019 over 2018, on an as reported basis. Pro forma, you think that it’s a little bit lower, as we acquired MiR in April, maybe around 9%-10% on a pro forma basis. And then, from an investment perspective, I think, should think about different verticals and consumer electronics and the like.
Sanjay Mehta: Yes. It’s Sanjay here. I think that -- yes, we believe it’s roughly a couple of hundred million. I believe we said in the past that we believe all-in-all, 5G will have about a $300 million to $400 million TAM uplift to the market. And so, right now, we’re trying to calibrate, as Mark said earlier, utilization of testers is high, but we’re trying to calibrate the build out that is getting ready for the infrastructure rollout of sub-6 in 2020, and have the customers created the capacity to handle the throughput required in 2020. So, we’re kind of trying to triangulate that and we’ll provide an update of our best estimate in Q1. I think from a 5G handset perspective, I think, you should think about sub-6 is going to increase in 2020, and then, also millimeter wave, first infrastructure and then handsets in the following years. And so there will be this wave of adoption, first started with 5G infrastructure and 5G handsets for sub-6 and then going to millimeter wave, infrastructure, more in 2021 and then handsets 2021, 2022 is the way we see it now.
Sanjay Mehta: I think, I’d just add one quick point on the 5G acceleration. I think, on the millimeter wave, we’re seeing a lot of engineering efforts and testers to support that endeavor. So, the handsets, as I said earlier, would come out, we believe would ramp in up a year plus. We are seeing an uptick in the engineering efforts on 5G millimeter wave.
