Jatin Dalal: There will be puts and takes every quarter, as you very well know. But directionally, SG&A should continue to show a right momentum around improvement, but not so much because we have taken a large action in '23. So you would see the [ back ] end of our NextGen program acting through the SG&A line during the course of the rest of the year, but it won't be as large an impact or a big number compared to 2023. That's the view on SG&A. 
Jatin Dalal: Yes. Bryan, thanks for your question. This is Jatin. Fundamentally, the current environment is that of consolidation of spend, of cost management, improvement in the productivity and so on and so forth. So this is the characteristics of the deals that we are seeing in the market. By design, these deals come with an expectation of superior pricing than what is the pricing which is inherent in the current work. So yes, there is a downward pressure on pricing, but it is nothing out of ordinary that one would expect in the current demand environment. We are not seeing out-of-ordinary behavior in the market as we compete. And I think it's a fair play from that expectation standpoint. 
Jatin Dalal: Sure. So overall, the reason for large -- a larger range is as follows. I mean, as Ravi mentioned, we start with the midpoint and we look at what is the expected outcome that one can get to. Then we see the range of possibilities. Now if you see our own guidance vis-a-vis quarter 1 to quarter 2, there is an improvement in the guidance range that we gave in --  we are giving in quarter 2 versus quarter 1. And that also means that we will grow sequentially in quarter 2. So overall, we are making good progress. But if you see the demand environment remains reasonably tough, no different than what we spoke in the beginning of the year. And hence, there is a sort of uncertainty in the environment that we are factoring in as we look at our own performance as well as we look at the environment, which is surrounding us.  Now what can help us go towards the higher end of the range are a few things, and one or more of this could help us. One is that there is some improvement in discretionary spend in the later part of the year. The second is, as Ravi mentioned earlier, a lot of times, when we win a large deal, there is a committed business and there is a right to go after sort of business, which is not committed. But if you fulfill well, if your delivery is good, you can naturally go after that upside to the committed business. That's second.  The third is we spoke about the inorganic component of our guidance. We have maybe 30 to 40 basis points of potential to execute on. And that could mean in the second half, that could get added to the performance because we have done only one acquisition since the beginning of the year. And fourth is sometimes, a re-batch kind of deal, which comes with a large volume of revenue getting ramped up at a relatively faster pace than the normal ramp-up that you see in a deal. So one or more of this could be at play.  Right now, we have remained sort of true to our original guidance. We will narrow the range when we meet you next time. But right now, considering all of this, sitting where we are in the year, we thought we'll keep the range same as it was in the beginning of the year. 
Jatin Dalal: Yes. And if I just add a perspective of the deals that we have won in last, let's say, 18 months. Typically, you would see that compared to what you expected at the time when you won the deal, typically, you will go sometimes faster because you are fulfilling better, you are executing better than what you initially thought and customer thought. And sometimes, it would be slower because there are more change management issues they need to deal with, et cetera. So I think we are evenly placed regarding the pace versus expectation. I don't see anything out of ordinary. There will always be one of the deals that is taking a little longer time to ramp up because there is some change in the client organization, but nothing that is out of ordinary on a win versus execution of the deal. 
Jatin Dalal: Yes, sure. So if you do that mathematically, I'm sure you already looked at those numbers, and those numbers really mean a very flattish performance for rest of the year and a negative performance that typically happens in quarter 4, given the furloughs. So that's the sort of trajectory we are looking at if markets really tanked and our performance didn't show any positive progress. 
Jatin Dalal: I'm -- I don't have the math in front of me, but yes, I mean, qualitatively, I would agree with you that we'll have to have a strong quarter 3 and a flattish quarter 4 for us to get to the -- towards the higher range -- higher end of our range, for sure. 
Jatin Dalal: Yes. Sorry, Jamie. I just add to what I just said before. It's -- I want to go back to what I said in response to an earlier question saying, our expected likely outcome is what we see at the midpoint of the guidance. And then we see the range of possibility on the both ends. And when you specifically asked, I was reacting to the range of possibility on the upper end. I mean, I just want to reflect accordingly so that I respond to you in its completeness. 
Ravi Kumar S: I would say the only thing I would add to what Jatin said is SG&A also has leverage with growth. So if growth comes back, you will see leverage on SG&A. 
Ravi Kumar S: Tien-Tsin, thank you so much for that question. We continue to see good large deals momentum through the whole of 2023. I mean, whatever we did in 2023 is helping us on ramp-ups this year, and we'll continue to build that for the rest of the year. This has been a good quarter. In fact, if you just see the announcements we made with clients as a part of our earnings release, you would notice that the number of announcements have also gone up. So I'm very pleased with the progress. I'm also pleased with the fact that we have now started to expand that into Europe and Asia Pacific.  The softer nature of smaller deals between 0 to $10 million and, I would say, 0 to $15 million or $20 million, that hasn't changed much since we spoke last. And it's hard to predict how that's going to look like for the rest of the year. I do see some improvements, some green shoots in it, and that is reflected in our Financial Services BFSI results, but we should -- we are continuing to watch that area very keenly.  Essentially, most of the large deals are on cost takeout, vendor consolidation, productivity, efficiency kind of deals. And we are very, very excited about the fact that, that momentum is going to continue for us. Those are deals the market offers, and we are -- we seem to be winning well on that. Of course, the period -- because these large deals are cost-takeout deals, the period of -- the duration of those deals is longer, so you will see realization of revenues over a period of time.  But it is also sticky, and it gives you an opportunity to create better fulfillment through managed services. So one of the other things we are tracking internally is annual contract value in addition to the total contract value, so that we start to know how much is it contributing to this year. What will be exciting for us is we now have a runway from 2023 into 2024. And going into 2025, we'll have a runway from 2024. 
Ravi Kumar S: Yes. So let me start and get Jatin to add. Discretionary has to be earned every year, so the discretionary doesn't come back. You could call it as structural leakage, if I may, but it isn't as much. It's not like somebody else is taking that away. So discretionary is always the unknown part, if I may. On the -- when I started the year in 2023, we had leakages because when there was a consolidation, somebody else was winning it and not us. That isn't happening anymore. I mean we are very stable with our clients. Our clients are continuing to invest in customers. There's no company-specific challenges, which have led to leakage or there is a potential of leakage. We see that as a very stable platform.  In fact, my Net Promoter Scores with the clients is continuing to scale up every quarter since 2023. Our attrition rates have fallen significantly, the 10 percentage points we have dropped Y-o-Y this quarter. That's an important part of what clients trust, providers like us. So there is no structural leakage, if I may.  The discretionary, which is -- the behavior of discretionary spend leads to it not coming back sometimes, coming back in shorter spurts, coming back in a delayed way. Those are the ones you would be watchful about. So that's broadly how I see it. I mean most of the managed services deals, we are winning, both with existing clients, new business as well, some which are proactively bid. We are on the winning side. We are mostly on the winning side in the last, I would say, 15 months or so. 
Ravi Kumar S: Thank you, Jason. The 450 -- let me start with the first one. The 450-odd client engagements, we've come a long way. If you remember, in quarter 2, 2023, we spoke about 100, and now we have 400 early client engagements. And these are very short prototype, rapid prototype kind of deals. 500 of them -- more than 500 of them, we have in the pipeline, and the thing to watch for now is how many of these will go into scaled execution for our clients. And that's where the monetize-able opportunities are. So we are continuing to work on it.  There are broadly 2 things we are investing on -- or rather, three: first, follow the innovation cycles of AI; second, build the last-mile infrastructure so that the raw power of AI can be made production grade, enterprise grade for our clients. That means last-mile infrastructure related to managing AI platforms, orchestration. In case of AI and like other discontinuities, how do you improve the accuracy of the models? How do you create explainability because this is a black box? How do you create explainability? How do you create observability? So all of those platforms we have built and we have announced is the last-mile infrastructure I kind of referred to, which helps us to take the drop over and make it production grade.  The second thing we're investing on is productivity studies. I mean, what does AI do to different roles and different operations of different industries? And how do we make embrace of AI much faster on larger cohorts? And we partnered with Oxford Economics and we created templates for every industry, every role, so that we can do an anatomy of tasks, as I call it. And then we then start to figure out how to create a much faster and a much broader embrace in enterprises. So this is preparing for the future where we believe enterprises are going to be a people-plus-machine endeavor.  Now what does it do to our operating model? Our tech for tech, as I call it. It, of course, changes the productivity of a developer. When the cloud came into picture a couple of years ago, it flipped the productivity where, as a developer, you spend very little time on the plumbing, but you spend a lot of time on innovation. You spend a lot of time on building. This is our second shot at improving developer productivity and not actually spending time on repetitive tasks, not actually spending time on things which a machine can write, but you could actually pivot the developer productivity on innovation. So this is the second shot at it. And I would believe this is probably more disruptive than what the cloud did. And we think what will happen is this will lead to reducing backlog, improving the throughput to our clients, increasing the tech intensity at a lower cost.  So I always believe that this is going to be an opportunity than a threat if we can pivot ourselves well. And the opportunity is about creating the tech intensity. Every industry doesn't have that intensity, so we have this unique opportunity to create that intensity at a lower cost and a lower entry barrier. I mean you don't need to be a developer to embrace software code, which means the entry barrier goes down. So we think we have a bigger opportunity than before as long as we can embrace this into our own landscape and equally build the use cases for our clients to embrace it. So I see this as a uniquely big opportunity for companies like Cognizant. 
Ravi Kumar S: Yes, I mean the visibility we have so far on the deals we have won, we have baked it into our guidance range. But Jason, you know this, the deals we won last year have a better throughput this year. And the deals we win this year will have a better throughput in the second half of this year and in 2025. The challenge in 2023 was we did have that backlog as we got into 2023 because we were not playing on large deals. Right now, I don't have that challenge because I had a good, healthy pipeline in 2023 that's contributing to 2024. And then we keep doing this in the same sustained manner, we will exit into 2025 with tail velocity. So the first year is normally lower than the second year. And by the end of the second year, you get to the run rate you have to. Normally, the span of the deals has changed. Earlier, it used to be lower. Now, it's 3.5 years or plus because large deals now come on a cost-takeout model, unlike transformation related to -- unlike transformation-related large deals.  But once we start to execute and get the bid versus bid in a good shape, then the committed spend will then flip over to new spend because you're already in the groove. So that's what we are betting on as well. I mean, once you start to perform well, you have the license to take more from our clients. 
Ravi Kumar S: Yes. So discretionary is small projects. Normally, in smaller projects, you have a different kind of a pyramid versus large deals, where you have a much healthy pyramid, if I may. So with discretionary -- normally, when discretionary comes in, you hire more lateral hires with experience. And when you deal with managed services deals, you hire the pyramid because the pyramid rightly fits in there. So that's probably how it is.  If you've noticed, we improved utilization from quarter 4 to quarter 1. So that gave us the extra runway, and we'll continue to sharpen our utilization. So that gives us the continued extra runway to grow and keep the engine agile enough to hire the senior people you need and rotate the people from existing teams into newer projects as that happens. So I think we have that agility now on our fulfillment engines.  I'm very pleased not just about the -- how we have tackled the demand environment. We're very pleased with what we have done on utilization and what we have done on fulfillment of deals we have won as well as getting prepared for the discretionary spend whenever it eventually comes back. So the engine is as agile enough for the current demand situation as well as if there is a spike in the demand. We think we are well placed to seize those opportunities. 
Ravi Kumar S: Moshe, good to hear from you. So we do have that visibility. We have not published that externally. What we track is multiple things. We track the total contract value, the size of the deals, the duration of the deals, how much of that translates to ACV for this year and ACV for the next year, so for the first 12 months or the next 12 months. And we also track the pyramid attached to it and the capability set needed. So I pretty much have that information to rely on so that we can get our fulfillment engine intact as well as forecast better. So it is something we have. We have not published that externally, but I'm keeping a constant track on it.  And in the book-to-bill ratios, Moshe, you know this, it also depends on what are the duration of the deals. I'm sure you asked this question because of that. The duration of the deals, when you take large deals, they go up. When you take small deals, it goes down. So the book-to-bill has a meaningful impact between the 2. So one of the other metrics we are internally tracking is ACV because then that gives us what is the incremental revenue we'll get for the current calendar year. So it's a combination of things you have to put together to get to a point where you know how much is it going to incrementally contribute to growth. 
Ravi Kumar S: So we have had a very healthy new logo program, Moshe. Since I've come on board, we have a specific program for new logos. We also have a program to ramp new logos to, say, a $50 million or $100 million client, an annual spend of $100 million, $50 million client. I mean opening new logos is one thing, but ramping them up to a $50 million account is another thing. So we have put both swim lanes. We're very, very active in our journey.  We also have a target list now of new logos and geo-based. And we have kind of separated that from the mining engine because the hunting engine has to -- the hunting engine is humming very well. And there's a transition to the mining engine as the annual size of those accounts changes.  What we have not done is we have not expressed this to our market on how many new logos we are opening, and we have not created that information pack in the external market. But internally, we're very, very pleased with where we are on new logos and how we are ramping it up. 
Ravi Kumar S: Yes. So the context was if you look at the last few quarters of sequential drop in BFS, you would notice that the sequential drop is relatively smaller between quarter 4 and quarter 1. So something has happened in between. So in the last 12 months, we have worked on reorganizing our BFSI vertical. We have energized the teams with some new hires. We have now a exceptionally good list of offerings. I mean, I now have an operating list for banking and financial services or for insurance. We have opened doors on fintech. We have taken AI and created small discretionary spend opportunities for ourselves. Just to give you a sense in insurance, we have quite a few AI projects running. So we have a variety of things happening.  I'll give you one or 2 examples. In insurance, there is mainframe modernization, which is a important initiative. In P&C insurance, there is digitizing the distribution network, which is primarily agents and platforms. The group benefits and the policy admin platforms are going through a significant change. In banking and financial services, customer service is going through a significant transformation. So we have an offering that -- and it is an offering which is bundled with AI.  We have fraud detection and prevention, which is an important opportunity. The regional banks are going through massive cost takeout. We have an offering out there. So I think we now have -- I mean, there is a market reality of what is happening in BFSI. And there is the organizational strength to counter that market reality. So we are a stable shop with all the offerings in place with the right teams, and we are climbing up the ladder. We are trying everything we can in a tough market. 
