Gordon J. Coburn: We have in place a 10b5 program from before increasing the authorization today. How we'll use the additional authorization, I think it will be somewhat opportunistic, certainly depending on where exactly this stock price settles down. We're in no huge rush to do it, but certainly depending on valuation, we would look at doing it on an accelerated basis.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure, Ed. Let me be very clear on this. We're still growing at a great pace. Yes, we're certainly disappointed. We had to take our growth from 23% down to 20%, but that's still tremendous growth. That change in full year expectations has no impact whatsoever on our plans for salary increments. We communicated earlier this year that our salary increments for our junior middle population go into effect this month and for more senior people, at the end of the quarter. Those plans are unchanged. The magnitude of the salary increases, I think, are going to be very consistent with what we're seeing at other top players in the industry. We're expecting approximately 8% offshore, that excludes promotions and low single-digits on-site. So no change in our plans.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. We've been evolving our workforce deployment for a number of years now. As we have scale, as we have credibility in the U.S. market, we're certainly doing more U.S. hiring, both of lateral hires and the last 2 years, college hires. We now recruit at 15 to 20 campuses, we hired several hundred U.S. college students this year. The challenge is there are not enough U.S. IT workers. It's very simple math. We're not graduating enough. So we can certainly continue to supplement what we can find locally with talent from around the world. We continue to have access to visas. That access to visas has not caused us any revenue leakage. Clearly, there's a very significant cost to it that's baked into our plans. We certainly monitor the situation carefully, but it has not impacted the business.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure, Ed. Absolutely. Remember, the way the business model works and is supposed to work, is that we can flex up and down our lateral just-in-time hiring. Obviously, now that we're expected to grow at a slower pace this year, we'll still add a lot of people. But we will add not -- fewer people than what we would have otherwise, so we'll continue to do lateral hiring, but the pace of lateral hiring, obviously, will not be as fast as if we were growing at 23%. We're obviously going to honor all of our offers from colleges for the people who are joining this year. So there's no change in plans for that, but certainly the pace of hiring will not be as fast and it will be adjusted for the revised guidance. It's exactly the way the model should work as the demand environment changes.
Gordon J. Coburn: I think that's accurate. And as you said, particularly pronounced in life sciences and the large banks. And why the large banks and not the midsized banks? The midsized banks, there's still a lot of low-hanging fruit. So one of the ways that they can control their cost is to transition existing activities to global delivery. Obviously, the larger banks have already done most of that, so therefore they look at are the activities necessary or are there ways to reduce the total cost of ownership? So it's -- given the pressure in the industry, we understand what's happening. Clients are being very transparent with us about their need to do this. In some cases, their need to understand budgets; in some cases, the need to move things around. It's a challenging time out there for some of our clients. But once again, the good news is our clients are still growing with us. It's just issue of the pace of growth is not as robust as we would like.
Gordon J. Coburn: Oh, I think it's the latter. The discretionary projects, particularly ones that were originally in scope for this year, are obviously ones that are priorities for clients. So when they don't have the dollars, you, generally, you're not seeing them say, "Okay, we'll never do it." They're saying, "Yes, it's not going to make this year's cut." Will there also be examples of projects that are shuttered? Yes, of course, but that's the small piece of it. The bigger piece is clients are saying, "I have to make tough decisions on what I can afford to do this year."
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure, let me take Europe, and then Frank will talk about Financial Services. In Europe, I would not, not expect the trend of strong performance that we saw in Q1 to continue. Our assumption is that, as I've mentioned earlier, in Q2, we would expect North America to grow faster than Europe. The strength in Europe in Q1 was somewhat isolated. It was 1 or 2 accounts that primarily drove that growth. Outside of that, Europe really -- outside those 1 or 2 accounts, Europe really played out the way we were originally anticipating for the quarter.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure, Julio. Let me be absolutely clear about that. I don’t think we are anywhere near that issue. There is, in our belief, a lot of growth left in this business. Once again, put it in perspective, yes, we came down from 23% to 20%. Compared to any other industry, that's -- that would be exponential growth. Even in our industry, it's dramatically above others. So we don't view the fact we took growth down by 3 points this year, especially given everything that's happened in the economy, as a signal or inflection point that growth, long-term growth for the industry is over. We still think there's a lot of growth left for this industry.
Gordon J. Coburn: The answer is, yes we are. The March, April timeframe each year is a very critical period for us, because that's when we see what is the pace of acceleration -- and which really sets the tone for the rest of the year. And quite honestly, it's tough to get that exact. When we look at the differences, it was primarily, as we said, financial services, life sciences. We understand why those things happen. So I don't think this is a breakdown in processes or a breakdown in our ability to forecast. But it's a very dynamic environment out there. And of the entire year, this March, April time point and the information we learn in March, April sets the tone for the year. So it's -- that's when we get, really get to understand what clients are going to do and how fast they're going to do it.
Gordon J. Coburn: We think that's the appropriate assumption at this point. So if you back-calculate Q3 and Q4, we said, we're essentially saying that we expect sequential growth to be steady for Q3 and Q4 compared to Q2. We think that's appropriate right now based on the pace of acceleration that we're seeing. Once again, would we like it higher? Of course. But we're still very proud of the fact that we're expecting to grow at least 4.6% in Q2. And we're quite comfortable that, that pace of growth would continue for the remainder of the year.
Gordon J. Coburn: Just give us a second. If you look at banks versus insurance to start with, I'm rounding a little bit here. But banks is about 2/3 of our BFSI segment, and insurance is about 1/3. And if you look at healthcare versus life sciences, there it's a little bit more weighted towards healthcare.
Gordon J. Coburn: If -- my expectation is that for the year, we would see maintenance revenue grow faster than development revenue based on the revised guidance. The exact numbers are, obviously, always difficult to predict. But obviously, we think it will be a bit of a weaker development environment this year. So probably faster growth and maintenance.
Gordon J. Coburn: Think about that a little bit differently. Don’t think about it so much as maintenance versus development. Think about it as where they are in their life cycle. So Horizon 3 is all the brand-new stuff where we're planting the seeds for the future. So on a percentage basis, it will grow very fast. But as a impact on revenue, it will be minimal, because it's growing off of a negligible base. Horizon 2, which are the businesses that have recently hit critical mass, certainly, I would expect those to grow faster than the business overall. If you look at Horizon 2, obviously, both ITIS and BPO, we put it into the maintenance category. Consulting would be the discretionary category. And then in the Horizon 1, which is the vast majority of our revenue, that's the one where I think we would expect greater strength in maintenance than development.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. So to get to guidance, we're assuming there's no acceleration in growth rates compared to Q2. So, yeah, the math kind of works out to same sequential growth in Q3 and Q4 as we're projecting in Q2. So there's no hockey stick whatsoever built into our guidance. If there were to be over-performance for the year, that, I think, would come more from the discretionary work, because, obviously, we're being quite conservative on our assumptions for discretionary work based on the trends that we're seeing in March and April.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. As I said earlier, March and April are the critical period for us, because that's when people start spending their current year budget. So we now have that under our belts, so we understand what the trajectory is. And that -- so that gives us much a better ability to forecast what people are planning, because now they're actually spending those dollars, and we're seeing it at the pace that they're ramping it up. Obviously, we've -- obviously, we're being conservative on discretionary spend, which I think is appropriate in this environment. And the fact that there is no hockey stick in the back half of the year I think is very important. So we're not assuming that there's this great rebound in discretionary spend in the second half of the year. We're assuming it will kind of continue at the pace of growth that we're seeing in Q2.
Gordon J. Coburn: Q4 can go either way. When it's seasonally weak is in years that are very robust. Obviously, we're not going to see clients spend at their full budget capacity early in the year. So I don't think we're going to have a situation where clients run out of budget dollars during the year. So it's -- where you see that is where people run out of dollars. And given the pace, there's -- typically, clients are under-spending their budgets early in the year. So, I'm not particularly concerned about that.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. Let me -- that sort of sets up to hit on just people in general. Our people statistics are unbelievably good this quarter. We had 10%, 10.6% attrition. And that's an all-in number. Just by comparison, that number was 15% last year. And even last year was a pretty good year. So we are doing terrifically in terms of both attracting people and retaining people. Our slots on colleges are the best they've ever been. Our yield ratios are great. Our -- as I think we may have mentioned on our last call, our most recent employee satisfaction survey, highest scores in our history. The headcount additions in Q1 are light. That was intentional. And part of the reason why is we onboarded our -- all of our college students last year on schedule, so we didn't defer any of it. So a lot of people joined us sort of Q3 of last year, so we have a lot of people coming out of the training program and becoming available for billing, so -- during late Q1, Q2. And that's why we didn't have to, obviously, do a whole lot of lateral hiring. And you never do a lot of college hiring in Q1. So the light attrition -- additions in Q1 make sense. In Q2, we're now starting to onboard the current year class. So you'll certainly see a pickup in the number of additions of college students in Q2 compared to Q1.
Gordon J. Coburn: Nothing, no trends. We always have normal course-of-business cancellations. We had 1 larger project that's ramping down due to some M&A work in one of our industries. That would be the only one that's material, and that actually had nothing to do with the economy. That was due to M&A.
Gordon J. Coburn: No, it was broad-based at the large banks, more pronounced in capital markets, yes, but not -- certainly not isolated to capital markets. Some of the broad banks just have set overall cost-containment goals at the corporate level.
Gordon J. Coburn: No, remember, it's compared to expectations. So January is always soft. That's exactly what we would expect. February picked up a bit. The key is what's happening in the back half of March and April, because that's normally when you see the significant acceleration. And we did not see as much acceleration in -- coming out of March and into April.
Francisco D'Souza: I think, let me -- this is Frank. Let me take a crack at it, and then I'll ask Gordon to jump in as well. I think what we're seeing in North America is at the first level that, as we said coming into the year, that IT budgets remain flat, perhaps at the slightly upward bias year-over-year. The -- and when we look at the overall level of deal activity across the business, we continue to be -- to see a number of deals in the marketplace. Clients are actively out there. What we have seen, though, is that some deals are, particularly in financial services and in life sciences, are shifting out, particularly on the discretionary side. We saw a slow start to the year. We talked to you about that in the first quarter. What we would normally expect to see at this time of the year, as we've said to you in past years, is that coming into the second quarter, we would see a -- quite a significant acceleration in growth as budgets get finalized and you start to see the full quarter impact of approved budgets. That's what we -- we've seen that acceleration this year, but not to the extent that we would have expected when we gave you our prior guidance. And that's really what -- that phenomenon is really what's caused us to temper our full year expectations.
Francisco D'Souza: And when we look at -- let me just sum it on the question about banking. When we look at our banking clients, I think that in North America with the banking clients, the incredible volatility that many of our clients are seeing right now is causing them to pause, particularly as Gordon said, the bigger clients who have significantly already leveraged the global delivery model, that's causing them to pause and to sneak out a new floor. What I expect is that once that industry stabilizes and then starts to -- and we start to see spend reemerge, because many of the banks do realize that they need to continue to innovate for growth and they do need to -- and there's also some drive based on the regulatory changes that are happening in the industry. So my expectation is that, that growth will reaccelerate, but it will probably take 1 quarter or 2 for that to emerge. And certainly, our current planning assumption is that banking, while we expect to see growth, will not be at the company average for the remainder of this year.
Francisco D'Souza: I think it's a -- this is somewhat of a normal pattern that we see. As we've said in our prepared comments with pharma, although this year, that trend was more pronounced than we've seen in prior years. We see pharma companies, as a general trend, every year, once they go through their budget process, in the first quarter, they will then sort of assess what their view of is of demand for that year, and based on that, moderate or regulate their discretionary spending for that year. And so, while you're right that many of the issues that pharma are facing are longer-term structural issues, there is the quarter-to-quarter volatility that we always see in the Q1, Q2 timeframe based on what their outlook is for that particular year. This year, we saw that, as we said during the prepared comments, pharma as a group declined 4% in the first quarter. That's unusual. We normally, in past years, have seen that sector be roughly flat, maybe slightly up. It's unusual for us to see a decline, even in the first quarter. So the severity of that was a little more than we have seen in the past. And as a result of that, we're expecting that this year will be a weak year for discretionary spending in pharma and that for the full year, pharma will lag the overall company in terms of growth.
Francisco D'Souza: I think that in the traditional services application, development, application maintenance, that might be true in some of the very largest banks. But remember that we've got a whole range of new services, IT Infrastructure Services, Business Process Outsourcing, consulting and so on and so forth, not to mention the Horizon 3 services that we're now working on, where I think there's still plenty of growth available. What I think is also the case, though, is that as penetration rates increase in some of these larger banks, it does make us, perhaps, more sensitive to their ups and downs in their business environment because in past cycles, what we've seen is that as our clients, whether in banking or in any other industry, as they come under cost pressure, that serves somewhat as a catalyst to move more work to a global delivery model. That tends to -- that trend tends to be somewhat muted as penetration rates in these banks increase. So I think there's a little bit of an offset there. But in general, I don’t think that even in the largest banks, I would say, that penetration rates across our full range of services are -- we're fully penetrated. I think there's still growth there.
Francisco D'Souza: It's Frank. Clearly, we're seeing volatility in some of our industry segments, financial services, as we said, also parts of the healthcare segment, we saw volatility. Clearly, our long-term growth is -- growth objective is to continue to diversify the business into new geographies, into new industries. It's part of our Horizon 3 effort to look at new markets, like, as I mentioned, the government and -- new industries like the government and new markets like Latin America. That's an ongoing process. I wouldn't expect to see that shift happen rapidly, given the concentration that we have in Financial Services. So while it's a long-term strategic objective, I wouldn't expect to see significant changes there over the short run.
Francisco D'Souza: No, I think that to the extent that we're seeing that trend, it's -- I would say that it's confined to some of the newer, what I would think of as higher-value services, what we have been characterizing as our Horizon 3 services and some portion of what we would characterize as Horizon 2 services. So for example, our management consulting business and some of our new practices in areas like mobility and social will require a much stronger on-site presence. But this has been, I think, a key strength of Cognizant over many, many years. We think that we've invested over many years in building extraordinarily strong front-end teams. And in fact, I don't see that, that trend presents any sort of challenge for us. I'm very comfortable with our front-end teams. And in fact, I think it's a point of differentiation for the company. So I don't expect it to change our mix. I think that it's an area of strength of Cognizant's. It's one of the reasons that I'm very optimistic about our growth prospects going forward. And with that, let me wrap up this call by thanking all of you for joining and saying that I'd like to reaffirm that we're very confident in our ability to deliver our revised 2012 revenue growth guidance and maintain our position as the growth leader in our industry. Our businesses remains incredibly healthy, and we continue to invest in our long-term future. So thanks, everyone, for joining us, and we'll see you on the next call.
