Brian Humphries: Hi, Brian. Yes, what I’d add there is – we are in a robust demand environment. That’s not a concern for me. I am expecting that to continue in the coming year and there is lots of mix trends that will support that statement undoubtedly, but we are circling in, my perspective an unprecedented competition for talent. We’ve seen a slight moderation sequentially on an annualized basis. January has been in line with that. But to be very honest, it’s too early to call this a trend for the year. There is natural seasonality one expects to see in the course of the year coming up to bonus periods, etcetera. So as Jan pointed out, we’re expecting elevated attrition through the course of the year. And obviously, we’re going to work very hard to try to mitigate that and try and minimize the impact on the business, the implications of attrition in our quarter across financial, commercial implications as well as employee implications. And the levers we’re using against that is naturally to try and recruit as many people as we can. I’m delighted we’ve been able to recruit 40 – to add a net 41,000 headcount year-over-year, and compliments to our team because I think it is a core competency of Cognizant in this regard. But what we’re doing in terms of employees, as Jan pointed out, as I did too in my script, a lot of efforts around hearts and minds. There is a lot of effort around compensation measures, which of course, is pretty critical. I think it’s essential for us to continue to show up and post strong double-digit growth, which is helping get a degree of confidence and swagger and optimism back into the company and just continue to support our employees by celebrating success and giving them career path potential, which, of course, growth does. And on top of that, we’ve revised the way we think about promotion cycles and other such things in the course of the year. So it’s been a very hands-on engagement for me down through the entire leadership team. In the last 6, 9 months, we spotted this early. We’ve added more recruiters, and we’ve really put a lot of efforts in place to run a retention task force. But be that as it may, as you’ve seen with many of our peers, attrition is elevated and we assume will stay elevated through the course of the year.
Brian Humphries: Hi, Lisa, it’s Brian. So let me address that. To be very honest, I’m not at all concerned about that. The majority of our attrition is at the junior levels and certain skills. And I would say at the senior levels of the organization at this moment in time, we’re very much with our return business as usual. Promotions, some refreshing of talent, if deemed necessarily, based on financial results and other leadership attributes, what is essentially normal in a company of our size, some retirements, etcetera. So sometimes we intervene based on performance but this is more classic business as usual operations at this stage. We feel very good about the motivation of the team collectively. We’re all in this together is certainly teams forward as we say internally, and I feel that that we’re all on the same page. The leaders I brought in have certainly refreshed their teams, strengthened their teams. I will tell you right now, I feel I have better instrumentation in terms of how to run the company than at any time since I’ve been here in terms of the analytical rigor that Jan and his team has put in place. The HR team have done some tremendous work in terms of where we stand there, etcetera. So we just feel or I certainly feel a lot more comfortable that we’re on top of our game and we know how things are going, so not a concern.
Brian Humphries: Yes. Look, I mean, I think to be very honest, clients are well passed, by now, the initial send hesitancy of COVID for a CEO or for anybody in a sales organization, certainly the enemy is indecision and we don’t have indecision, far from it these days. People have really moved well beyond where we were approximately 2 years ago at this stage. And people are extremely focused, of course, on driving digital transformation agendas, evolving their business models, which is good for us because our portfolio is stronger than it’s ever been before, and it allows us to work on a high-impact work for clients as are really driving some of the big innovation journeys that they have. Now of course, that leads to discussions around AI and analytics, consumer-centric, if you will, user experiences built on enterprise class applications, obviously, cybersecurity, digital engineering, cloud migrations. And throughout the world, as I deal with clients, it’s always surprising to see how different clients are in terms of where they are on client migrations. I think the one thing that continues to go from strength to strength is, of course, the growing scale, hyperscaler cloud providers. They are, from my perspective, certainly shortening innovation cycles, throwing a lot of commercial muscle and financial muscle to accommodate or ensure accelerated cloud migrations. And of course, in more recent times, they really evolved towards industry clouds, not just the hyperscalers, but also the major SaaS vendors, which allow more integrated vertical workflows, and Cognizant strength, therefore, in areas like Healthcare and Financial Services is of interest to them. But it’s very consistent with what we’ve seen before, Lisa, to be very honest, a huge push towards classic modernization initiatives towards data, analytics, cloud, digital engineering. And really, what I find, clients are certainly willing to spend for skills and innovation but certainly expect more efficiencies and a more traditional non-digital work. And we see that in our pricing dynamics, and I certainly see that in terms of client strategic intentions in the years ahead.
Brian Humphries: I’ll start, Jan. By all means, jump in at any stage. So Darrin, first of all, pricing remains somewhat stable. And as I’ve just mentioned to Lisa, based on her question, we see differences between the digital work and the non-digital side. Clients will pay up for skills and innovation and, frankly, availability for resources in digital. Of course, that happens to be in an industry where people tend to have MSAs and rate cards that have been agreed in advance. So it requires us to interrupt those rate cards, but certain clients see, in their own workforce as well as other vendors, a desire for companies like Cognizant to ultimately drive some pricing power, given the labor trends that we see. But of course, price increases can and have lagged talent-related cost increases. We put a lot of effort around pricing, both rate card, intelligence, big deal, pricing, and it is certainly one of the factors that’s inherent in our guidance for the coming year. And as I’ve said earlier as well, the fact that we have scaled our digital portfolio to approximately 45% of the business pits us into more strategic client projects, pits us against different competitors and then arguably provides us with a pricing opportunity as long as we get the gross margin right on digital skills versus the classic non-digital skills. The last thing I’ll say just around pricing, of course, because it’s inherent in your question, it’s a margin question, and our margins can also naturally be helped by the type of work we sell solution and deliver. So we continue to focus on evolving the company towards selling and delivering client outcomes. That allows us to own more of our pyramid, to industrialize delivery, to better leverage automation and optimize our mix as well as our pyramid. Specific to your other question around decoupling of, I guess, the Holy Grail in a services company, to decouple revenue growth from headcount growth. Look, there are many factors at play there as well, including the shift to more offshore delivery. In the course of the last year, our offshore delivery has increased for us about 2 points year-over-year, about 1 point sequentially, and that can help margin, but of course, it can hurt you in terms of headcount growth versus revenue growth or the so-called average rate per employee, and it can also change dollar margins as well as dollar revenue per employee. So there are multiple things at play here. We are a services company. We’re committed to being a services company. We will certainly try to optimize and industrialize delivery where we can, leveraging automation, templatization, AI, et cetera. But at the end of the day, we are in the headcount business. And as we scale our headcount, we will scale our revenue and you guys are more than familiar with that model.
Brian Humphries: Yes. Look, it’s certainly our ambition to accelerate healthcare growth. In the November Analyst Meeting, we talked about market growth. But of course, within our healthcare business, we have the U.S. healthcare vertical, which is payer provider, the payer being the vast majority and then a product business, of course, coupled within that and then the less than 50% of our healthcare business is our life sciences business, which continues to grow double digits. I feel really great about that, both the nature of our capabilities, the nature of our client intimacy, the global nature of those clients and our bookings momentum in life sciences through the course of the year has been, frankly, outstanding and was very strong in Q4 as well. So candidly, as we are getting after the life sciences opportunity, it’s all about continuing to scale biopharma. And then in this year, we have accelerated a little bit on medical device momentum there as well. We have also seen do some targeted acquisitions in the life sciences vertical in the last few years, including Zenith as well as TQS more recently. In the U.S. healthcare business, a lot of it is about getting the TriZetto business back on track. I think I mentioned in the November briefing, our growth rate in 2020 was twice that of 2019. And we have approximately doubled growth rate again in 2021 over 2020. And that’s good in terms of client intimacy and relevance, in terms of margins and the pull-through opportunity or the stickiness of Cognizant in those accounts. So, getting payer and provider back into a higher growth trajectory, but making sure that the product-driven side of that scales as well is pretty essential to us. And then I have got to be honest, I am very motivated about where we are with TriZetto. I think it’s a fantastic gem within the company. Now that we got growth back, we continue to explore possibilities in terms of where we can scale a healthcare franchise, both in terms of the market within the U.S., in terms of different applications within the ecosystem or different control points as well as exploring how we can scale our healthcare business into Canada and indeed into select international markets. I think if we do all of that right, we will drive market growth, if not more than market growth, and that’s what the team is focused on.
Brian Humphries: Look, from my perspective, we have been working on recovering in financial services for quite a time. There has been a pace of recovery candidly through the course of the year, but the 10% constant currency growth, if I exclude the 9 points benefit we got from the year-over-year compare from the accounting charge in Q4 last year’s results is probably the highest level of constant currency growth we have had in quite a few years. And this has ultimately been on the back of a series of things we have been doing, sharpening our focus on our top clients, refreshing some of the commercial team as well as, by the way, some of the leadership team, both in delivery as well as in the business. And back to a question I had earlier, that’s part and parcel of running a world-class company. Sometimes, you have to refresh leaders if you are not getting the results you want. We have added a lot of talent with a focus on executive engagement at a client-facing level while the collaboration with the hyperscalers committed to their industry cloud or financial cloud and of course, a partner ecosystem. And all of that has now started to bear fruit. I am cautiously optimistic around our growing competitiveness there. We are leading more with digital. We are leading more with what I would call less interviews or staff augmentation type work. We are getting better margins for that. And I think our competitiveness will continue to increase in the course of the year. Of course, with the decision that we took last year, which was closed ultimately yesterday, I believe around the Samlink sale, we have a compare sequentially and year-over-year in the first quarter and beyond, which we will have an anomaly that we can talk to in subsequent calls. But generally, I feel that the team have done great work. We expect continued improvements in 2022, will be a paced recovery. I am not suggesting we are back to our full strength yet. But we are working both well across the regional banks, but I am also optimistic around the progress that the refreshed leadership team are making with some of the larger global banks. And if we are able to crack some of those, of course, that will show up in the numbers as well. So generally, I feel as though we are on the right track and team have worked hard and deserve growing momentum in the business.
Brian Humphries: Yes, we have a very capable development team and M&A team, of course, proven over the last 2 years to execute a steady stream of these strategic acquisitions, small and medium size in nature. And we continue to see great opportunities for us to align our strategic goals with that. So, we are bringing already, approximately, as you can see from our guidance in the first quarter, we are bringing already some momentum with the acquisition of Devbridge into the momentum. So yes, we feel confident about the 100 basis points to be executing within this year.
Brian Humphries: Yes. Look, we have obviously embraced automation. We have taken out double-digit thousands of people from our fixed price contracts in the last few years, so we continue to automate our agenda. I will say, the other thing you have seen is our digital mix hasn’t scaled as much as we assumed previously because we have been quite successful in the non-digital part of our portfolio, arguably more successful than others scaling that and mitigating the downside. So, it’s a street combat every single time you are coming up for renewal. You want to be clever as well in some of the classic areas to make sure you try and up-sell to modernization or beyond and try to get a renewal plus an expansion. But I feel as though we have handled ourselves well in that regard and we have a lot of effort underway, as I said earlier, to try to continue to evolve the company to an area where we are better able to industrialize delivery, which will help ultimately our margins and indeed, the quality of our delivery. So, I feel pretty good about where we are in that regard. Our biggest focus naturally is to scale digital, while we protect the non-digital business and mitigate the downside. And for the guidance we gave in November, we assume that will grow low to mid-single digits. Our real focus as a company, and that’s core to our strategy, is our momentum in digital, which is growing 20% plus or minus.
Brian Humphries: Yes. So look, this is something I am particularly passionate about. Cognizant’s brand internationally certainly wasn’t known as much as in key industries in North America and naturally in our offshore areas, so we put a coordinated effort in place to reposition the brand. We have refreshed a lot of our country leaders across Europe and the Middle East. And I think we are seeing the fruits of that labor right now. You saw a 28% growth in the UK this quarter. Our UK momentum has been building through the course of the year. It’s nicely profitable for us as well in terms of relative profitability vis-à-vis other European countries. And we also have a lot of momentum in areas like Australia and New Zealand. So, the seniority and the capability of the team we have built allows us to have confidence to deploy M&A to support their growth ambitions as well. That’s what we did in Australia and that’s what we are doing in Germany. You have seen the ESG acquisition we did in the last year. So generally, I feel very optimistic about our potential there. It is a year where we had strong bookings. We have to just continue to build on that in the years ahead, but I am – ultimately, if we are here 3 years, 4 years from now, looking back, I would like to think this will have been a really big success story for us. Now it’s not only about capturing the revenue opportunity, that revenue opportunity which will be fueled more with digital type work more than historical levels also requires more local and a global delivery network. And that’s also an area where I am pleased to see the momentum we have had. We announced most recently the build-out in Canada and Nova Scotia. But in the last few months, we announced thousands of extra roles across Adelaide and Australia as well as the UK, in Northern England and Northern Ireland. So, we are doing what is needed in terms of partnership, talent, delivery capabilities to get after the market opportunity internationally. And the fruits is very visible in our second largest country in the UK, which grew 28% this quarter.
Brian Humphries: We have been investing behind our recruitment engine in the course of the last six months, nine months as we have spotted attrition to be a likely industry problem, we got out in front of perhaps others and we moved fast. And you have seen a net headcount expansion of 41,000 year-over-year since Q4 prior year period and another 12,000 sequentially. Of course, within a given year, subject to when we bring in our college graduates and onboard them, you will see different peaks country-by-country. But I am more than confident that we have an engine that is a core competency. The team has done an outstanding job for us. We have processes, tools, capabilities in place. Our brand standing is stronger increasingly not just in India, but overseas and some of the brand work we have done, both externally as well as our internal branding has given us more and more confidence that we have brand ambassadors in the company to make that happen. So, we are absolutely in the mode of accelerating headcount as best we can. The lower we can keep attrition, of course, is the most productive way to do that. And in the meantime, as Jan pointed out, we have done the heavy lifting. We have made significant progress around the delivery pyramid, this year, 33,000, up from 17,000 in the prior year period and next year, we are assuming 50,000. And if needed, we will try and scale beyond that. So for me, it’s about retention and it’s about recruitment and getting the balance right between those. But I am certainly bullish on the industry, bullish on our position within the industry, and I would like to have more headcount in Cognizant. So, if you know people, send them our way.
Jan Siegmund: Yes. The – I don’t want to up my guidance in my first question for the call, as you might imagine, so we have our work cut out to achieve the margin guidance that we give. We feel confident about it. But as you know, we talked about compensation measures, but other factors that are impacting our portfolio in a negative as they are positive factors. So I want to point out some of the drivers that obviously are helping us, the accelerated revenue itself is a help on margin so that helps. Our digital business continues to be slightly more profitable than our traditional business. So accelerated digital is built into our – solid digital growth is built into our plan. And we continue to make progress on our cost of delivery structure with bringing in college graduates, which will improve the overall cost structure over time. So we rely on a number of offsetting factors in order to achieve our guidance. And obviously, any over or underperformance could yield positive or negative outcomes. So I say balanced, we feel good about our 20 to 30-point outlook.
Jan Siegmund: Yes. Maybe, Brian, you covered it, I think, on the pricing thing, but a little bit of color on the margin expansion because we really have taken a balanced view about the sources of the margin expansion here. And pricing is a factor but it’s not the dominating factor. We have other elements like the natural shift of the business towards higher margin business. We have a scaling of – you saw this in the fourth quarter. We slowed the growth of SG&A in a meaningful way, and it’s now contributing to margin actually at a slower than revenue growth rate. We expect that to contribute next year as well. And we have – we hope to see impact from our initiative to refresh our delivery permit, and Brian talked about the success that we had of bringing college graduates on. He mentioned this that we’re planning to onboard 50,000 college graduates this year and that will help to streamline our cost of delivery permit and is also – so there is a variety of factors that drive it. And so pricing is a factor but only one among many.
Jan Siegmund: The – no, I can give you a little bit the background of our thinking around the free cash flow conversion, which I think I mentioned in my script to be around 100%. We did a little bit better this year, had a very good quarter in free. I think with all these, now let’s say it’s basically maybe a slight increase in capital expenditures in the next year that we could see that is related to some more strategic investments internally. But nothing major. We continue to be laser focused on our sources of cash from our clients. So, we made good progress on DSO this year and that focus will remain. And to be quite honest, I am drawing a blank on cash. I think cash is going to be – on taxes. I think tax is going to be fairly similar to this year, so no major variation on the tax side. So, that’s kind of how I expect the cash flow situation to evolve for us. So, nothing specific comes to mind, maybe a slight increase on capital expenditures that could drive it.
Jan Siegmund: Yes. We had that 22% bookings growth, mid-teens for the full year, and it’s driven, obviously, by the strong demand that we see in the market. It’s supported by the investments that we made into our market organization with incremental sales capabilities and solution capabilities. And it’s aided by a broadening solution set that we are developing ourselves as well as our M&A that is contributing to this. So, we are optimistic about maintaining a book-to-bill ratio that is similar to where we are as we saw our mindset, and we have seen really a very consistent execution, very consistent pipeline development. And the bookings momentum itself has been broad-based, has been good geographically split, and it has been, in general, of course, there are ups and downs by smaller business units, but it has been, when you lean back, fairly broad-based, which is all good news basically to assume that we are going to continue on that path.
Jan Siegmund: Yes. We don’t really disclose details of the bookings number. It is a mix but the mix has been stable, and it is really not contributing one way or the other to the overall composition of the bookings number stayed basically stable, but we are not disclosing components of it.
Jan Siegmund: Yes. You are right in the observation. There is some impact in the chart by our switch to a nine-hour bill week that has lowered our utilization, so that is in the last few quarters in there. But the overall dynamic is largely driven by the acceleration of on-boarding new associates that have some utilization lack in the beginning of their tenure. So, that was really the biggest driver of a downtick in utilization that we are seeing basically. And so we are kind of happy to have a little bit bigger bench to fulfill client needs. So for us, utilization levels are really at the desired level of where we want to see it.
Jan Siegmund: On the cadence of the growth, I think we have a typical revenue number we gave you, basically our outlook for the first quarter. It’s nothing really that I have to specify more, I think, on the revenue quarterly cadence. Relative to the industry growth, I would just point out that we had a one-time impact from Samlink in the financial services sector. But we – despite that grow over one-time impact, we expect continued moderate growth in the financial services group, and all other groups should continue with the momentum. So, I think it’s a fairest thing if you just build a momentum case for our four big industry groups to get a good forecast.
Jan Siegmund: Regarding capacity, as you know, we are still operating in a largely virtual environment and depending on the development of the pandemic, we will make obviously, decisions in the future. But I think the working model I said we are going to settle in a hybrid model. So, relative to capacity in the sense of bricks-and-mortar, I think we feel very well equipped to handle the growth and that shouldn’t be anything unusual. The reigniting of the non-virtual component will bring some cost pressures in it, but that is reflected in our margin guidance.
