Gordon James Coburn: Hey, Ed, just as a reminder, there was a small portion of TriZetto revenue last year as well, so be sure to adjust for that.
Gordon James Coburn: Hey, Ashwin. It's Gordon. I think you're right that clients are trying to fund spending on innovation and on digital by optimizing the cost on run the business, which a lot of that is the traditional outsourcing. And you've seen that in our numbers now for many quarters, where our technology and consulting business is growing faster than the outsourcing business. But let's be clear. We continue to do very well and take market share on the maintenance side. What customers are looking for is they're interested in how can we become more efficient, lower their cost of ownership on maintenance, so they can free up those dollars to move elsewhere. And we – Cognizant just has this incredible track record of delivering very high quality services, while continuously delivering productivity and efficiency. So I think we're probably better positioned than most others in the market in terms of lowering cost of ownership on maintenance, while delivering high quality services. And then capturing – because we can assert both sides of the dual mandate, and capturing that freed up spend over on the technology and innovation side.
Gordon James Coburn: Hey, Brian. It's Gordon. We're going to continue with the strategy that we've been executing successfully on, which is making long-term organic investments is the key – the core of our business. We said we're a 19% to 20% margin business. We reinvest everything above that. And as a result of that we should deliver revenue growth well above industry average. And we've delivered that year-in and year out. And so that's working. We will always supplement our organic growth with acquisitions, either to strengthen a geographic presence, industry strength, or technology and service line. These largely are tuck-under acquisitions. Obviously the TriZetto acquisition was a outlier. But we continue to look at tuck-under acquisitions to supplement that. From a capital allocation standpoint as you've seen both this third quarter and second quarter, each quarter we repurchased about $150 million worth of stock to target share neutrality. We'll continue to target share neutrality. One of our challenges is the majority of our cash is overseas, so we have a little – we have some limitations here. But we're going to – the capital allocation strategy we're doing is resulting in industry-leading results, so we're going to stick with it.
Gordon James Coburn: Yeah. So the bookings across the business are solid. We're seeing solid interest in banking. And a lot of that is because we can serve the dual mandate, because we have deep expertise in banking, we feel good about that. There will always be an anomaly here and there. But when I look at the overall portfolio of our Financial Services segment, we certainly feel good. I don't know if I would point to that has greater strength than other business units, because I think – and you saw it this quarter, other than a little bit of weakness in the communication sector, solid growth. So it's very well-balanced right now. And I think we are pleased with the bookings. And particularly on the technology and innovation side, because there's really only a handful of companies that can serve that dual mandate. So there's a lot of people fighting for the maintenance side of the business. But on the development side there's only a few of us who can really deliver. And I think we're very well-positioned there, and our investments have paid off.
Gordon James Coburn: Yeah. So the slow growth in net head count is not driven by attrition. That's driven by a very conscious decision we had this year to significantly improve our operational excellence and take our utilization up, which we successfully did while maintaining customer satisfaction. So and we're largely done with that process. I think we're pretty – I mean give or take pretty much at the utilization levels that we want as we go into 2016. So we don't guide to quarter-to-quarter head count growth. Still, I think we still have a little bit of room offshore on utilization, which you might see in the Q – in Q4. But then it starts to level out over that. On attrition. Attrition being up is not just us as you know. It's the industry. But it's one where when I look at the opportunity for us, clearly we should have lower attrition, given we have unparalleled career opportunities for our employees, given the success we have on the digital side, the overall growth rate. So we're redoubling our efforts there to make sure that employees have the career growth. That we share the rewards as I have said. And I'm sending a note out to our entire company right after this call, saying that because of what they've delivered on revenue growth, what they've delivered on operational performance, we're going to share those rewards and pay out bonuses well above last year. So we'll keep working on it. I'd be concerned if we were an outlier, but we're not an outlier on the attrition.
Gordon James Coburn: Sure. Let me comment first on the pricing environment. And it's we've spent a lot of time looking at what's going on. We're clearly seeing a bifurcation in the market. And that's at leading competitors who can compete on both sides of the dual mandate and those who can't compete on both sides of the dual mandate. And therefore focus more on price. What we've seen, and I'm sure some of you have heard about it, there have been some isolated instances of irrational pricing in the market. But let me be clear, overall pricing remains stable. This spots of irrational pricing is consistent what we've seen historically in the market, as there have been big technology shifts. And some players are having trouble with that shift, and therefore act irrationally in their core market. We also want to be very clear. We believe this is a short-term phenomenon. The fundamentals of the industry, input costs, facilities, travel, have not shift – haven't shifted enough to warrant this change. And we're also seeing some of the competitors make considerable assumptions about productivity gains driven by new automation technologies, which we don't think are yet enterprise reality. Frank has touch base on that earlier. We think some people out there are making assumptions that we scratch our head a little bit about will they be able to achieve that? Or is it wishful thinking? Often when you see these sorts of unrealistic assumptions about productivity built into bids, what you see is players shore up their profitability by cutting corners. And historically this has resulted in unhappy clients. And we're already beginning to see that in the market. Some of – in some instances where there has been irrational pricing, that client is actually pretty unhappy now, as they're getting service from one or more of our competitors. And that competitor is cutting corners. And it also impacts the employee morale, because of how you have to squeeze the employee. So when we step back and look at it, when we look at our overall book of business, things are very stable and we feel fine about pricing. We're watching these pockets of irrationality. But we're not particularly worried about it, because what we're seeing is very quickly the customer understands you get what you pay for. And we're seeing dissatisfaction where customers have gone with someone who has bid irrationally. So we got to watch it, but at this point we don't think it's a long-term trend. We don't think it's impacting our book of business. And ultimately I think it may be good for our reputation, as clients have the dissatisfaction with some of the other competitors.
Gordon James Coburn: Hey, Lisa. First of all, be careful with the $2 billion number. That includes TriZetto obviously. So it's – if you look at organic, yeah, it's – Karen gave some of the numbers earlier. It'd be less. So from a supply side I think we're in good shape. We've taking utilization up. But as I mentioned in my prepared comments our brand for recruiting across the globe, both in college and lateral, is the strongest it has ever been. There are always going to be pockets where supply is constrained, like on digital right now. But even there we're getting more than our fair share of people wanting to work for us. So I feel good from the supply side. From the demand side, obviously clients have to finish their planning cycles and all that. But I think we're well positioned in terms of – assuming that clients continue to shift more towards innovation. That's all the good news. The bad news is the law of large numbers. As you get bigger each year on a percentage basis the growth number becomes more challenging, even if you're growing around similar dollar amounts and so forth. So the math long term works against us. But as I've said many times, that's not a straight line. You have some years where you're up in growth rates, some years where you go down and so forth. But we feel good about supply. We feel good about our pipeline going into the year. But we do have the headwind of the law of large numbers. And as Frank mentioned there has been some M&A that may close next year. And we've just got to keep an eye on that. And we'll certainly plan for the worst, hope for the best. And historically the best has happened for us. But you always want to be cautious on that, so you know the best is going to happen.
Gordon James Coburn: Sure. Let me take the first part of it a little bit. Then Karen will pick up on it. Very importantly, remember, 19% to 20% is the range. Okay? So we're right smack in our range. And the other thing to remember, for Q3, we delivered the midpoint of the range with two things happening. One, our annual salary increases kicked in July 1. So Q3 is always the most challenging quarter, because that's when your salary increases kick in. And we did a year-to-date increase in the bonus accrual. So with both those things happening, we're still at the midpoint of our range.
Francisco D'Souza: Hey, Tien-tsin. This is Frank. I would say it's about the same. We're going through clients' budget cycles at the moment. We feel like those conversations are right about where they would typically and traditionally be at this time of the year. So we don't either quantitatively or qualitatively feel like there's any difference in that process this year.
Francisco D'Souza: Hey, Ashwin, it's Frank. I would say that there's a lot of conversation right now about these – what I would bucket together in sort of the category of advanced automation kinds of tools. But I would say that the bulk of the productivity that we drive in the core business is through traditional means of driving productivity and efficiency that includes process kinds of things like Lean and Six Sigma and so on, and also more traditional tools in automation. I think that the promise of artificial intelligence and machine learning and robotic process automation is certainly substantial, but it's early days in that area. And I think we are making very solid investments. I think you heard Gordon say in his prepared remarks that we've been recognized by industry analysts in areas like robotic process automation as being leaders. So we continue to drive that aggressively. But I think this is a longer-term journey to really see the impact of that – of those technologies on a broad basis across our business.
Francisco D'Souza: Hey, Brian. It's Frank. It's – as you know it's very hard to predict timing and volume of M&A activity. I would say the pipeline is as robust as it has ever been, maybe even a little stronger. We're looking at different kinds of deals. There's a lot of digital stuff we're looking at. We're looking at some geographic stuff in other parts of the world to give us presence in markets – geographic markets where we feel like we need a stronger presence. But I'd hate to predict, because it's just inherently difficult to predict timing of M&A. But we haven't slowed down. We continue to look at as many if not more transactions. And I would say that if you look over a long period of time, I wouldn't expect to see any material slowdown. Maybe a little bit of an acceleration in the pace of us doing things, as we become bigger and we're able to move faster on multiple fronts as we – particularly in the area of tuck-ins.
Francisco D'Souza: Let me just follow up with the second part of your question. Just building on what Gordon said a minute ago, it is absolutely true that on the run better side of our business, clients are still looking for greater levels of efficiency and effectiveness. And so we're focusing clients on looking at total cost of ownership and looking at the output and the outcomes that we deliver. And driving output and outcomes to best-in-class, world-class levels. And so as a result of that you will see a continued shift in our business towards more output- and outcome-based models. And the fixed-price metric that we report to you I suspect will creep up over time as a result of that trend. We think that that's the far better, more thoughtful approach to working with clients is to focus them on the total cost of the outcome that we're providing, as opposed to the comment Gordon has made earlier about somewhat irrational pricing on the input side, which is really a zero-sum game.
Francisco D'Souza: I think at a macro level – I'll let Karen comment. Bryan, it's Frank. I think at the macro level I think if you break it into the two large component pieces, we feel pretty good about Life Sciences going into next year. Drug pipelines are healthy again across the industry. We're seeing good traction. So we feel pretty good about the Life Sciences side of the business. When I think about the Healthcare business, as you saw we had a reasonable quarter in that – actually a strong quarter in that business. And I think the fundamentals continue to be strong. The one cautionary note I would have there is as you know there have been a number of mega mergers that have been announced but yet to be approved by the government in that sector. And so as we go into next year, as we've seen in other M&A environments, you could see a pause in spending, depending on the – I can't exactly predict when that'll be, because it'll depend on when the government approves it and so on and so forth. But that's the one thing that I'm keeping an eye on. But fundamentals are strong. The need for change in that industry continues to be very, very strong. Lots of opportunity for technology to bring competitive advantage to the industry to drive greater degrees of efficiency. So over the long run I continue to be very optimistic about Healthcare, both sides of Healthcare. And particularly so, because we've got a very strong set of assets with the TriZetto acquisition combined with the traditional Cognizant strength. So we're well positioned in the industry.
Francisco D'Souza: Hey, Lou. It's Frank. I would say that it's actually – in some senses the more things change, the more they stay the same. If you think back to other big technology shifts, when there are big changes in technology, you tend to see two things happen. First, a wave of as you correctly pointed out smaller projects that are more pilot and prototype in nature, which in the digital world also have the characteristic of requiring more than just technology skills. They require design, they require strategy, they require data science skills, and of course deep consulting and domain expertise. And those also by their nature tend to be more if you will on-site in nature. But after this initial phase of prototyping and piloting, those then have to be switched to enterprise scale. And when you get to enterprise scale, that's when you actually have to do the heavy lifting of integration with legacy, scale to hundreds of thousands or millions of users, very high transaction throughput, some significant amount of performance testing, and so on through the lifecycle. And that part of the engagement, it very much lends itself to the traditional on-site offshore delivery model. So we feel very good about the fact that we have such a strong on-site presence and capability in those new areas, like strategy, like consulting, like design, like data science. And we're able to actively and very seamlessly combine that with our offshore delivery model, so that we can take a client through all three phases of the Digital Works methodology from what we call Idealab through Collaboratory and then through Foundry to create a seamless end-to-end scale experience for clients.
Francisco D'Souza: It's always difficult. And hey I wish I had a crystal ball. I don't on M&A. But if you think about historical M&A patterns, Darrin, traditionally M&A creates a substantial amount of technology and business process integration opportunity for us. And I feel like in many cases in the big mergers that have been announced, we serve both sides of the mergers. And so we are extremely well-positioned to be able to help with the technology and business process integration when those mergers come to pass. And so I think that you might see – my best assumption is that you might see a temporary pause during the phase of integration planning. But then I think it'll result in significant M&A integration work for us, once integration kicks off and is in full swing. That's my best hypothesis at this point. Again no crystal balls here. I would say that the pipeline of synergy opportunities between Cognizant and TriZetto is very strong. There are – I would say the synergies largely fall into a couple of different categories. We have great opportunities to take the TriZetto clients to – and offer them a broader range of Cognizant services around for example things like BP – the Business Process Services on top of the TriZetto platform, Cognizant Infrastructure Services to host and run the TriZetto platform. And then in the medium and longer term we also have opportunities around Health Net style deals, utility type deals where we can work with TriZetto clients to take full end-to-end responsibility like we had proposed to do with Health Net some months ago. So we feel very good about the pipeline of opportunities that we have in around the TriZetto synergies.
Francisco D'Souza: And with that I think we have to bring the call to a close. So I just want to thank everybody for joining us today and thank you for your questions. And we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
