Francisco D'Souza: Hi, Tien-tsin. It’s Frank. We were pleased with – on our Q1 result, so I think though it’s just manifestation of what we've been saying to you for some time now, I think we're doing well because we're winning in digital. We've got great portfolio of services in the digital space. We've got this unique approach to helping clients with digital transformation, what we call digital work. It’s a fully integrated companywide approach to helping clients with digital transformation. And on top of that, as the trend towards digital picks up momentum, its driving demand for our core traditional services, which is in turn fueling growth again for us. And it’s very important that we are able and I think that drive demand for us that we're able to offer that to the clients, sort of this end-to-end ability to the digital transformation and then pick up the demand on the other side with the traditional legacy modernization. So I think its strong performance in digital. We feel like we've got a great position in the industry that we serve. We've been investing for a long time as you know in things like consulting and deep domain, industry expertise, so you put all of that together and feel like we're very strongly positioned in the marketplace.
Francisco D'Souza: Sure. I think you hit it exactly right, because the strength is coming from the discretionary side of the business in digital, it is little bit tougher to predict that. So we are clearly still being conservative in our guidance and that’s why we use the terminology of that leased. So we let Q1 flow through and then we'll continue to watch, you know, at what levels of strength do we have in digital going for the rest of the year. But we'd rather be conservative than get out ahead of ourselves.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes, look, you know, as we've said in the past, we won a bunch of outsourcing programs. We expect them to ramp up in the coming quarters. We talked to you a quarter two ago about these three large deals that will all be in the outsourcing space, including Health Net and that will start to ramp up. But I think what's important here also is to understand the underlying trend of what's going on, as we – as clients go through this big investment cycle around digital and start to focus a lot of energy and attention on implementing new digital capital in their organizations. There is a natural shift of little bit away from doing what I consider to be the more discretionary aspects of maintenance work. So you're not going to invest substantially in supporting or enhancing rather an existing application if its going to be replaced or so planted by a new digital capability. And so you're going to see a little bit of that I would suspect as we go through this which may manifest itself in a little bit more lumpiness in discretionary versus outsourcing in the coming quarters. I think its important to understand what's driving that, in the net I view it is a very positive thing because it says to me that we're winning in digital, we are helping our clients transform their businesses, science maybe investing a little bit less than that and maintaining or enhancing the existing systems and that’s okay, because we're picking it up on the digital side.
Francisco D'Souza: Sure. So let's talk about client’s willingness to adopt, I think to put into three buckets, input based pricing, output based pricing and outcome based pricing, clearly clients are comfortable on the shift from input to output based. So moving to fixed price to manage services and so forth. What's finally quite intriguing is as clients are now starting to give out outcome based pricing, we do this in large healthcare deal that we announced where the clients are going to pay per member per month, here regardless of what are the volumes involved in supporting those clients. We think that is the way the future end up, particularly these end-to-end solutions that we're talking about, where we provide everything from the applications to the infrastructure to the business process services. So its taking soft-as-a-service one step further and actually providing the transaction services around it. In the end it will be a continuum. Some people would still want on premise custom applications and we'll continue to do that in our traditional business, some clients will want SaaS model clearly TriZetto support that, some will want to full end-to-end solution, we'll have that through to Help Net platform as well as the TriZetto platform. So we're feeling quite good about how the migration is happening across this spectrums of ways to engage. Pricing on the end-to-end solutions and SaaS obviously there is scale efficiencies there, so when you start out with the new offering until you gain scale you – even if your pricing is fine, there will be pressure on margin, and that’s normal, that’s the exactly that should work where you're making that upfront investment. But then as you gain scale, we feel pretty good about it. So overall as Karen mentioned, pricing is stable, which is in this environment I think is good, clients are focused far or less on the rate card, much more on what is the cost of ownership. So if we can demonstrate best in class delivery, constantly lowering the cost of ownership through periodicity, through automation, clients are very happy and I think that’s one of the reason on the traditional side of the business we continue to do quite well.
Francisco D'Souza: I am not sure there would be any big changes, we were obviously quite optimistic, coming into the year we provided industry leading revenue growth guidance, I think we're one of the very few who were actually increasing guidance in this environment. So its – I think we call a bit right, when we started the year on that, you know, we have stability in our healthcare, stability in financial services. We see clients looking for vendor consolidation. We're seeing them look for best in class delivery and clearly we are seeing them interested in digital. Our services capabilities, so importantly the investments we've made over a number of years in our consulting capability, in our domain expertise has become critically important and I think that’s one reason why you're seeing the body language that we're providing today.
Francisco D'Souza: Hi. It’s Frank. Look I think, I would say our posture is unchanged. We continue to look at as we historically have at small tuck in acquisitions, I expect that we – our pipeline of small tuck in acquisitions continues to be strong and healthy and we will – I expect that we'll do as we have in past years, excuse me, we find the right ones we'll do some of those this year. Our screen is the same as its always been. We're always looking for acquisitions that help us with new or geographies where we are under penetrated, deepening our industry skills or expertise or new technology areas. I'd expect with digital being such a big theme at this point we will continue to look at that very closely as a potential space for M&A across geographies and particular technology or skill areas in the digital space. And then as we said you know, I am very pleased with how the TriZetto acquisition is gone. It was our first large scale acquisition and we'll continue, we feel like we still need to integrate that, digest it to make sure that its on the solid footing before we continue – we'd consider doing something else of that side and scale a magnitude.
Francisco D'Souza: Hi, Ed. It’s Frank. Let me try and take a stab at it. I think usually what you'll see is clients looking at you know, typical scenario is that they would have of a larger client, they'd have four, five sizeable, scale players working for them and then a very long tail of smaller providers that are each individually relatively small, but collectively make up a significant demand of the clients spend. And so, what we typically see is clients saying, from that we'll go down to maybe three, sometimes two suppliers and importantly of the big ones, and then importantly we'll cut them, we'll cut the tail substantially and so there is a lot of emphasis across our clients on consolidating what's been called a long tail of supplier, so the smaller suppliers that have a legal system [ph] at the client. I would say and that sometimes and obviously there is an economic component to this which is clients looking at better total cost of ownership, and I think that’s important because very often we get confused between the pricing versus the total cost of ownership. But clients are really are realizing that this is a total cost of ownership game, very often when we see these vendor consolidation things of conversations with clients they are accompanied with conversations about moves to managed services. And that I would say very, very common theme. So its not just a pure, we'll give you more volume and reduce price in some way they perform, the clients recognize that we need to have levers likely to move to managed services which allows to drive greater productivity across the greater volume and therefore protect our margin and improve our service quality for them. And in the last thing I would say, that its not just a question of volume and price, there are other considerations that clients look at particularly around things like security and the idea that dealing with the smaller number of players allows them to manage the security environment a little bit more tightly. So that they have less exposure from that to the end point.
Francisco D'Souza: And let me add, this is Frank. Let me talk a little bit about digital, as I said in my prepared comments, as we've done hundreds of digital projects at this point, its very clear to us now that truly being successful in digital is not just about applying traditional approaches and methodologies to a new paradigm it requires a whole new engagement model. And what I mean by that is that you need to really truly the digital businesses, need to bring together a new set of skills and capabilities and these are typically in areas like data science, design, and of course the digital technology skills. We've got to bring those and new capabilities together with traditional capabilities in consulting and strategy, and deep domain expertise and you got to be able to bring these talents together, people with these talents together to create very short cycle rapid bursts of innovation. So that you can respond to the changing market demands very, very quickly. That requires a new engagement model and that is what is embodied in our digital works approach and methodology that we've infused across the company. And so we feel like we are several steps ahead of key competitors on building out the methodology, on having a real approach that we've tested, road tested with many, many clients and of course building out the core fundamental capabilities in these new areas that you need to be successful in digital.
Francisco D'Souza: Look, I think that it’s something that’s on our radar, something we're concerned about. We think that we've got a terrific engine to both recruit talent in the marketplace and to train talent and scale up in certain areas. Let me talk a little bit about both of those, I think first of all in terms of our ability to recruit around the world, as you know its always been a core competency of Cognizant's but I think the fact that our brand is extremely strong around the world in the recruitment market, the fact that the company performance has been solid over the last several years and the fact we are winning in digital, creates a great platform for us to recruit the best talent in the world. And I think we built a phenomenal set of leadership in digital in these areas in all of the new areas that I mentioned. And I am confident that that leadership tame will in turn be able to attract and scale that their respective teams. In addition to that, in the digital technology areas we think that our traditional consultants can – we can retrain and re-skill and in fact we already are particularly with those that we need where the real scale is, is on the integration between the new digital world and the traditional environment. And so in that space where a lot of the scale requirement is, we are both recruiting but we are also re training and cross training. So I feel good that we've got a roadmap going forward to be able to address the skill issue.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes, I mean, clearly it’s a little bit more then, I would characterize its little bit more than traditional agile development compared to waterfall, it’s a whole – what I think over its agile business profits capability, right, so a business, new functionality capability. So its sort of end-to-end from being able to understand what you are customers, customers is looking for all the way through creating a digital capability that end-to-end process has to be agile in the broader sense of the word agile which is that you've got to be able to do rapid innovation. You've got to be able to very quickly bring new functionality to market, you've got to have the ability to test that in real time and make sure that its meeting the needs of the client and its not back tracked out of that to be able to change course. So all of that has to happen in very short cycle. That requires the traditional agile development it requires a new approach to processes as we use development and testing and so there is a lot of underlying pluming that needs to change. But I would say its on overall end-to-end much more agile process, yes.
Francisco D'Souza: Sure. So let me touch base first on the regulatory side, things are on track. We still expect to – are subject to regulatory approval, that the expectations would still go live, maybe or so far so good there obviously we don’t have the final approvals yet. When you look margins for digital, it is high value work, so we think it should be helping margins. Clearly they tend to be shorter cycle projects, so like of our discretionary work, the visibility is not the same as it would on maintenance and as I said that’s one of the reason why we remain conservative in our guidance for the year, just because you do have more volatility there, but we're as you can tell we're feeling quite good about our positioning in digital and more importantly the demand that we're seeing in digital today.
Francisco D'Souza: With that, I think we could wrap up. Thanks everyone for joining us on the call today and for your questions. And we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you.
Gordon Coburn: Sure. So that wraps over time, we've been awarded by $200 million worth of deals, some of that is consulting work which kicks in fairly quickly other that is more associated with implementations that takes a bit longer.
Gordon Coburn: And Darrin, I think on TriZetto synergies, I would say that we've been pleased with – we always knew that there was a strong synergy case here, we told you that when we did the acquisition, I think we've been pleased with the momentum we've seen, its been a little bit faster than we expected. As Gordon mentioned in his prepared remarks, we've added 500 consultants to the business at this point already in what's a little over 90 days effectively, not all of those folks billing yet, but a large number of them are billing and we expect that the rest would be billing relatively quickly. So that’s already kicked in, that showing the results right away. We also have a healthy pipeline and also deals that we've been awarded, sort of longer time synergy deals. So I think I would say that we've done a lot of 90 days that’s exceeded my expectations a little bit. And so I am optimistic that the revenue synergies will start to manifest themselves in our results in a little bit faster than we had originally expected.
Gordon Coburn: I think there is several things we have to break it down by sub segment, in the pharmaceutical industry last year was very tough, because the drug pattern cliffs that clients we are facing, this year you are seeing movements in the pharmaceutical space towards vendor consolidation, towards shared service. So even though its still a tough economic environment we are seeing clients make very thoughtful and transformative decisions and we' just incredibly well positioned to assist them in that. On the payer side, obviously TriZetto was a game changer. We already had a strong practice, now we have just an incredible practice that payers across the board looked to Cognizant to solve some of their toughest problems, whether be on the cost side, or on the innovation side or controlling management costs, so I think we're incredibly well positioned to help those payer clients and have a material impact on the delivery of healthcare in America on the cost of healthcare delivery in America.
Gordon Coburn: Sure. I certainly would not view as a driver of price declines the market by such a imagination. We are positioned as the value that we're delivering to the clients for the price that we charge, clients look at that and say its an extraordinarily compelling proposition where we have industry leading security capabilities, industry leading consulting, industry leading domain expertise, best in class delivery when clients look at all that and the say the value of what they get from price recharge makes it a compelling proposition, I think that’s – that in the end is what's driving our industry leading growth.
Gordon Coburn: I think here is the challenge, I know lots of people put out size of their digital practice, its very difficult at this point to separate what' digital, what's not, because so fully integrated and needs to be integrated. So the answers we can give you small number or massive number both numbers would be right depending on the definition. But what we are seeing is that digital component that is a digital component more and more of the projects and I think the value part of what finds like without us is how its integrated back into their systems across our entire service offering. So when I look at what touches digital in our business, it’s a very high percentage.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. Sara, this Karen. Good morning. So top five for the quarter represented a 11.2% and top 10 about 19% for the quarter, so down a little bit from where they were in Q4, which we would expect obviously the business continues to move and expand. From a sequential basis, our two top five rather grew 2% for the quarter and our top 10 grew just under 1% for the quarter, on a reported basis.
Karen McLoughlin: So, Keith. This is Karen. So the numbers that we talked before the $720 that you referred that that’s one of the core TriZetto business, right, and so TriZetto on its own, we would argue but still been a single digit grower. The growth that we're adding is really to take advantage of the synergy revenues that we talked about back in September when we announced the deal. So really pushing towards that $1.5 billion of revenue synergy over the next five years. In terms of again as a core business, core business continues to be margin neutral to us, but as we talked in Gordon's comments, we've obviously added about 500 people to really help drive those revenue synergies and another 300 people to work on development of the platform. So little bit of impact to margin there, its not material though and obviously that baked in to our utilization rates that you saw were essentially flat on a sequential basis.
Karen McLoughlin: Yes, sure. Moshe, this is Karen. So let me talk about margins first, really no impact on margins due to all the currency movements during the first quarter is fairly neutral at the margin level, it’s a more of a top line issue for us. In terms of the healthcare segment, excluding TriZetto on a reported basis we grew about 2.6% a little bit faster on a constant currency basis, the healthcare components that are payer business is primarily North America business, so that does not have any FX impact but our life sciences business does has some FX impact. So but its grown a little bit faster than the 2.6% reported.
