Brian Humphries: Keith, well, I mean, the first thing I'll say is I do not believe they're mutually exclusive, but let me start first with revenue and then I'll spend some time on costs. We grew, as you know, 4.7% this quarter in constant currency. Within that construct, I would say we had very muted performance in two of our larger segments, Banking and Financial Services and indeed Healthcare, which represents 63% of the business. So one of the first things we have to do to get back to a stronger growth performance is to actually help turn those businesses around, just the law of numbers becomes meaningful.On top of that, I think we are at the stage now of investing more in growth, changing the dialogue internally, prioritizing growth. As you've seen, we have approved, at this moment in time, and I believe over time we will add to this number, over 500 revenue-generating resources or revenue support resources. So the inclination is to get back to what we've always done, which has been to focus on client centricity and revenue growth.Now cost is, of course, and strategy is important to revenue growth. First of all, what are our strategic postures, how are we exposed to faster-growing categories of the market, which are both technology categories such as digital engineering, our way of working, IoT, cloud, as well as geographic categories. And that's why I'm pleased to see the continued momentum we have in the global growth markets, which is our non-North America region.Costs, however, are important to growth because you need to have a very efficient and disciplined cost base to be able to take pricing in the deals, to be able to absorb the renewals, pricing pressure that we are seeing in our traditional business as well as being able to invest in the future. I talked in my prepared remarks around the importance of pivoting to digital and the associated parameters of that, smaller TCV contracts, more contracts, a different delivery model, et cetera.We also need to invest in people, in M&A and indeed in the brand to make sure that we are more associated not just with the area of the business where we are loved by customers but also with the pivot to digital. Many of these areas are, as you know, key to our constrained assets, both M&A targets as well as even just getting digital resources into the company.But I will say, I'm four months in at this stage. Having interrogated the data for four months and having spent a great deal of time in the transformation office, I see huge opportunity here on revenue growth and indeed on costs. I'm not going to get into a guidance discussion today around next fiscal year or indeed a multi-year view. But at this moment in time, this, from my perspective, is something that I only see opportunity in, to improve our performance from today's performance.
Brian Humphries: Yes. It's a good question because we have strength in our existing customer base, and if you look at the Pareto, we have very strong positions and are highly concentrated in a set of customers but we need to pivot more to digital. As we are pivoting to digital, as I said, there are different characteristics of the deals, of the skill sets we need, of the delivery models, of the buying decision makers, if you will, on behalf of the customers. And this is an area that we definitely want to invest into the next S curve and make sure we are, from a capital allocation point of view, really prioritizing that.Now in the more traditional businesses, some of them actually give us a foothold into the new application modernization, we'll go hand-in-glove as I said, with the digital engineering space as we start thinking about cloud-native applications. But in a broader sense of the word, Lisa, I'm a big believer in drawing hard decisions across your portfolio and trying to understand where you need to be extremely disciplined from an investment and from a cost structure point of view in terms of optimizing legacy whilst investing in the new. And those are disciplines we need to obviously continue to drive here in Cognizant as we're investing in some of these newer growth categories that should accelerate our CAGR growth.You have seen in the last quarter, we have aggregated all of delivery under one leader. Previously, delivery was fragmented through a number of leaders in the company. And part of the task of that delivery leader is ultimately to drive a much more aggressive stance in terms of how we think about automation and tooling and putting ourselves in a position that we can be what I would term fit for growth in the legacy as well as the broader company. So optimizing the cost structure, in particular, for the legacy and freeing up capital to invest in the new categories, which should be a growth driver for Cognizant going forward.
Brian Humphries: I'll touch on this and Karen can jump in as well. Look, we saw the opportunity to accelerate share repurchases in the last quarter as an opportunistic situation for us and we took advantage of that. And I have no issues continuing to do so if needed.From an M&A point of view, I have rejected some M&A and I have approved some M&A in the last four months. So we would look at that as a means to execute our strategy. We're pleased to have acquired Zenith Technologies, which closed most recently. And obviously, we're using M&A as a means to an end. It is not a strategy, it's a means to execute a strategy. Our priority right now is continuing to refine our strategic posture and making sure, to the prior question, we get our capital allocation correct. But we will look upon M&A as something that we will use to execute our strategy going forward. My emphasis at this moment in time continues to be tuck-in acquisitions that strategically align us to even better our competitive positioning in the market that we deem most relevant to us going forward.
Brian Humphries: No. The transformation office was set up probably almost three months ago at this stage, to be honest. It consists of six work streams, as I said, each is led by one of our executive committee members. Each one has a steering committee and indeed a working committee below that. We've been very clear in outlining suppositions that I want us to backsolve to and expected outcomes, and as part of that, some short-term wins along the way.So we've been also very deliberate, Bryan, in terms of the composition of the teams, making sure we have people that are cross-functional in nature, people who understand the markets both in North America and internationally, people that understand delivery as well as the market-facing commercial teams. I really feel very, very enthused from the output of the work. We've been working extremely hard on that, but it gives me nothing but optimism that there's a huge opportunity for us to free up capital to invest in growth to simplify the organizational structure, clarify roles and responsibilities and ultimately to make us much more successful in the market by accelerating revenue growth and having better solutions to bring to our clients.So I feel great about that. It is not a new initiative. It's been well underway and frankly, I'm probably more advance in my thinking in the output of that than where I potentially consider I would be three months ago. With regards to Banking and Healthcare, we changed out the leaders of both. This will be some heavy lifting, if I'm very honest. Some of it is because of Cognizant-specific issues that are reflective of the market reality of some M&A in health care where we are heavily exposed to four firms that have merged. And some of it candidly relates to just the need for us to shift faster to digital, to have more thought leadership, to be the even more client-centric and indeed to add more sales coverage. And those are things that are underway at the moment both in Healthcare and indeed in our Financial Services practice or our Banking practice.I should clarify that our Healthcare business in Life Sciences is very strong. It continues to grow double digits. It's one of the areas of our portfolio that I feel best about. We have a strong strategy, a strong leadership team. We know the end-to-end value chain for customers and therefore, M&A is facilitated against that. We are doing a little better in insurance than we are in the core banking business. And as I said on the call, we've made some structural changes in the banking team to really put dedicated teams behind hunting new logos, behind some of our most strategic accounts that we deem platinum as well as more broadly, I believe, that in the world of digital, extra emphasis on thought leadership and an innovation agenda is required.And in my dealings with clients over the last four months, it has become very apparent that we are very established in the legacy or traditional models, but our brand attributes and perhaps our thought leadership isn't where it needs to be on the side of the house that is digital. And that is an area that we need to do better in.If you do look at the competitive market in terms of what has been announced in the last quarter, it's also clear that there is market growth out there in banking and indeed in health care. And certainly from a banking point of view, we've seen most of our competitors in financial services and insurance grow from the low to the high single digits, and indeed, some even into the double digits. So we have to accelerate quicker, get back on the attack, make sure we hone our thought leadership and get a team that are constantly in front of clients with an agenda around innovation that helps customers think about how they can accelerate or pivot to digital.I have not seen in any dialogue with customers any macro concern around their desire to spend on innovation. Invariably, the conversations were very clear. If we show up with enough thought leadership and innovation, they have budgets, and of course, the pivot we need to make is to ensure we are cost disciplined on the legacy side of our business to ensure that we can absorb those cost demands at the time of renewals whilst accelerating our investments into the new.
Brian Humphries: So let me start with the broader question around leadership and then Karen can jump in on the attrition question. Listen, I mean, to be very clear, in a company of 300,000 employees, we will always have leadership changes and it's pretty standard when you have a new CEO who comes onboard. We have been fortunate that at the time of my appointment and indeed before that, the Board secured certain executives to see through a CEO transition, and I'm grateful for their ability to actually get us through that first four to six months of my tenure because it's certainly allowed me the time to get deeper into the business and to make sure that I was ready to run forward.My perspective is we need a greater emphasis on our customers, greater energy, fresh perspective and candidly in dealing with clients, typically the questions I was asking were how often you've seen our teams, the thought leadership we brought to bear and how we stack up versus the competition and also who were some of the best people in the industry that they recognize and value as people when they are dealing with them. So we have made some very deliberate changes.Now, of course, we've also had some other departures and I think that's normal particularly in a company that has had a relatively stable leadership team over the best part of two decades. This is not something I will say that I am overly concerned about. The emphasis on growth is permeating through the organization. The people who are touching customers day in, day out is typically not the executive team but the client partners. And those client partners are really, in my mind, enthused with the renewed focus on growth after a few years of more focus on margin rate, if you will.And of course, don't get this wrong. I'm not taking this for granted by any means. We are paranoid that the first line of the P&L is the customer. But from my perspective, this is a very manageable transition we're going through. And we've made some strong internal promotions. The new Head of North America, DK, has been with Cognizant for over 20 years and is ultimately focused and has always been focused across multiple verticals on growth. I'm also pleased to have promoted Pradeep in Delivery, somebody who's been with Cognizant for 23 years, to enable us to get much more focused in terms of optimizing our delivery structures.And we've complemented them with some external hires, some executives who used to work with Wipro and indeed more recently Ganesh Ayyar, who was the ex-CEO of Mphasis. So my sense is we want to have the best team we can get our hands on, a team highly motivated, energized, moving with the same speed and urgency that I have and absolutely focused on their teams and on their customers.
Brian Humphries: So this is Brian. I'll start with our position in digital. There are areas that I've been really blown away with and that have really -- I've left reviews feeling very proud about what we have and feeling that we definitely have a strong foundation to build from. I talked today about the digital engineering team. I have spent a lot of time with Cognizant's Softvision team. But more broadly within Cognizant, we had legacy digital engineering as well as the application monetization efforts that collectively, it really puts us in a position -- if you think about it, 11,000-plus resources with over $800 million of revenue. It puts us in an incredible position to increase our brand recognition and really dramatically change our position in the market vis-à-vis some of the, let's say, currently known leaders out there.IoT is a few hundred million dollars for us and we have broad offerings that are aligned by industry vertical, and I'd expect us to go accelerate that as part of our strategy. More broadly, there are organic investments we need to make. There will be some inorganic plays we need to make there, too. But as I said, I'm not working on something huge at this moment in time and it will be more tuck-ins aligned to our strategy. Of course, behind any organic and indeed inorganic acquisitions, how do you scale digital? Well, you need to have a brand, you need to have capabilities and you need to have systems and tools and the sales and marketing engine to facilitate it. That's why I explicitly called out the fact that we are going through a pivot, which requires us to do some work. It's more project-oriented work, that's good and bad. You need to sell more projects, they have lower TCV, but unlike the legacy business, we will not have the same renewal price erosion that we are faced within the legacy.We need to have a set of client partners that are capable of speaking to the right level of the organization that typically will extend well beyond the CIO, different decision-makers and buyers, right from the CMO up to the CFO and indeed the CEO and indeed, know how to speak and how to follow up on what collateral to leave and what use cases to bring in and obviously what industry expertise to bring with them into the conversation. More consultative selling and indeed all these practical things that are very often overlooked but nonetheless critical in my opinion to running a world-class operation, things like sales commission plans that need to change and therefore, we need to orient more of our commission towards aligning our sales into areas of the -- that are aligned with our strategy. So that is not something we've historically done. It is something we will do going into the new year. And indeed, the delivery capabilities from an agile delivery point of view becomes relevant as well.I do feel that as we have near, on and indeed offshore capabilities, if you think about something like digital engineering, if we are able to take the guild and pod model that we have and extend it not just from nearshore but indeed off to our offshore centers, I believe we will have a huge advantage over some of the other players that you know. So listen, this is an area that I'm pumped about, I'm excited about the possibilities we have and I've seen a lot of goodness in the operations. We, of course, now need to accelerate our investments in it and make sure that we take this strategy into execution. And rest assured we are very focused on that.
Brian Humphries: So Rod, it's, of course, hard to extrapolate the implication but you can do a sliding scale analysis to understand that for every 100 basis points of improvement in Healthcare or Banking, what is the implied implication on the broader Cognizant story. But given they are 63% of the business, you can clearly understand that these are meaningful shifts to our overall numbers. And every 160 basis points -- $160-or-so million of growth is 1 point of growth for us, and every $6 million of bottom line is $0.01 EPS for us. So these are important levers for us to get right.We do have a lot of balls in the air at the moment and that's why we are very, very deliberate around the transformation office. We have staffed it with people who know the company well. They have been surrounded by management consultants both internal and indeed external, and we have a huge operation cadence behind that and a broad framework of change management communication and indeed an execution layer that needs to happen.And Rod, by definition, you will always go home at night and wondering if you're going too far, too fast. But I've got to be honest, I have a great sense of urgency. I'm really proud to have this role. I really am proud to have inherited an organization that is, in my mind, full of talent and I want to lead them forward, and I believe that we are going at the right pace to catch up where we need to catch up and to extend our leadership where we think we're in front.But we're spending a lot of time around operational excellence and rigor and making sure we contextualize these changes. It's clear, certain employees will be concerned around the amount of work and the hours and the pace in the decision-making. But my belief is that my executive level, I've had a number of executive committee meetings now, we have a cadence of two days every month. We've had some really, really constructive meetings where the teams are on board and we are making the decisions, in my opinion, needed at this moment in time to put Cognizant in a position where we can unlock our true potential.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. So Tien-Tsin, it's Karen. It's really two factors, one of which is the Healthcare renegotiations that you talked about, about a 40 basis point impact in the fall in gross margin and then also the fact that headcount continued to grow faster than revenue in the quarter. Part of that is our digital operations business, which is growing considerably faster than headcount -- than, sorry, company revenue at this point.Headcount grew in line with the revenue growth digital operations, but you know that does come at a typically lower gross margin than the IT business. But overall, headcount for the rest of the business did grow faster in revenue, and the vast majority of that cost is sitting in gross margin. And that is obviously one of the things that as we continue to focus on tackling the cost of delivery to the organization, we will be looking to optimize in the coming months and quarters.
Karen McLoughlin: And I think, Ed, it's Karen. Obviously, the guidance for the share count does not assume any more buybacks for the rest of the year. As Brian said, we will continue to look at that opportunistically. But as you know, we have far exceeded our initial expectations for this year in line with this framework we outlined last year at Investor Day where we said we expect to spend on average 25% of our global free cash flow towards buybacks, 25% towards dividends and 25% for acquisitions with the rest going to India. At this point, there are no changes to that framework. If and when there are, we will obviously update accordingly.
Karen McLoughlin: And Bryan, as it relates to the 23%, as you said, it is flat year-over-year. And as you know, there is some seasonality to attrition. So typically, after bonuses are paid in March, we do tend to see attrition pick up. Really no changes in terms of the attrition, in terms of where it's coming from up and down the pyramid, the only exception being the director plus attrition ticked up a little bit based on the actions that we took in June as far as the realignment program. But that was the only real, I would say, significant change in attrition both in terms of geography as well as up and down the pyramid. Now I would expect it's going to continue to be lumpy. As we have said for some time now, the job market is strong and as well as we look to optimize cost structure for the organization, that will in itself likely to create some churn.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. So Jim, this is Karen. Let me tackle that. So Q3 to Q4, there is actually a decline in bill days of about two days and that will cost about $47 million on a constant currency basis. So from a modeling perspective, if you were to take the middle of the range for Q3 and then the middle of the range for the full year guidance, that would actually say on a volume basis that Q4 will be flat with Q3.There will be some puts and takes. As we've talked about in our comments, we do expect to see some stabilization of Healthcare off of the Q2 numbers, not on a year-over-year basis. It will continue to show challenges but we do expect it to stabilize on a sequential basis going forward. We do expect, as I said, a little bit of slowdown in the technology practice, just given the tough year-on-year comps as we get back into the back part of the year but that was in our guidance both this quarter as well as last quarter so no real change there from that perspective.
