Francisco D'Souza: Yes, Bryan, thanks. We had about a month ago, give or take, we got -- we ran our annual customer conference, Cognizant Community, where we had 400 or so of our clients, or individuals from across our client base, together for 2.5 days. And we covered a wide range of topics. Most of what we covered was sort of longer term, but we also did have an opportunity to talk to them about their plans and views for 2013. And most of them came back and said, "While it's still early, the budget cycles are just in the process of getting kicked off." They expect overall IT budgets to be somewhat flat going into next year. And I just want to clarify that this is mostly a North American sample. This was our North American Cognizant Community. That's largely consistent with the trend we've seen in past years where IT budgets have been flat with, in past years, perhaps sort of slight moderate upward bias. I think what's really important in -- that the trend with budgets, and we heard it again this year, was this continuing share shift to the global delivery model. We heard that again this year where clients were telling us that as they look to budgets next year, because their overall budget will remain flat, they're going to look to move an increasing amount of work to the global delivery model, not just IT work but now also increasingly business process kind of work, and take the savings that they achieve from that shift and redeploy those or reinvest those back in innovation and new technology investments that they need to make to keep their businesses competitive.
Francisco D'Souza: Sure. It's Frank, Rod. I think it's mostly reflected in the fact that revenues that we were expecting in Q4 will pull forward a little bit into Q2 and into Q3. It's hard to -- as we look out 2, 3 quarters, we have a general sense of what work clients need to get done over the next 2 or 3 quarters. But to actually predict exactly how that lays out over the -- in a quarter-by-quarter pattern, there's obviously some variability with that. So we had a pretty good sense 2 or 3 quarters ago of how the year was going to -- or what the year was going to look like. We still feel comfortable with that. But how that exactly lays out quarter-by-quarter, there's always going to be some variability. So this quarter, we saw some of the Q4 work actually getting executed in Q3. One other factor I'll point to, it's relatively small, but I will also mention that we do expect some impact to the business from the superstorm or whatever, Sandy. And we feel comfortable that we can absorb that into our guidance. But that also does take out some of the potential upside that we had for the fourth quarter. So I think it's a combination of largely those factors in addition to the seasonal factors that Gordon talked about earlier in the Q&A.
Francisco D'Souza: I think that's right. I think, as I said, we pulled forward revenue or revenue came in, in Q3 that we were expecting in Q4. I will point out though, I think there are 2 important elements of demand that we saw in the third quarter that are important. First of all, as Gordon and I both mentioned in our comments, we continue to see good traction in IT Infrastructure Services, BPO and consulting and the so-called Horizon 2 service offerings, and those represented just under 20% of revenue during the quarter. I think that's an important indicator of the strength of those service offerings. And the other point I would talk about with respect to demand in the second quarter -- excuse me, in the third quarter, was that financial services, the core banking part of our BFS segment and Continental Europe, were a little stronger than we anticipated when we gave you guidance the last time. And so I think those were -- all of those were net positives in demand for the quarter.
Francisco D'Souza: I wouldn't -- I don't think we've seen a significant trend that I would point to. I think that as with the Horizon 1 business, where the systems integration business in Horizon 1, I think our projects, specifically in cloud and analytics, tend to be less dependent on short-term movements in how licenses of those or sales of the SaaS companies or the analytics companies tend to do projects. Tend to be longer-term; they tend to be more focused on implementation of those technologies. And so we haven't seen any meaningful change that leads me to having a degree of concern.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes, I think you have a very similar dynamic in Horizon 3. We've got a range of businesses in the Horizon 3 portfolio ranging from the new delivery models, which are the platform services we're working on where we're tending to bring in folks more from the traditional ISE [ph] or software background. We've got new geographies, which tend to be largely a similar people profile to the core business. And then we've got the new technologies, which again, tend to be largely similar but obviously focused on these new technology areas. So within Horizon 3, again, a broad range of talent we're bringing in. But I think that I don't see any of this Horizon 2 or Horizon 3 meaningfully changing the operating model. We've been dealing with a changing mix of workforce for a decade now. And I don't see that these will change these -- in the short-term, will change that dramatically.
Francisco D'Souza: We've had a couple of quarters now where financial services have been a little stronger than we expected. I'm still cautious to call 2 quarters a trend, but I do have a greater degree of optimism with financial services than I had, say, 3 or 4 quarters ago. So I'd like to watch it another quarter or 2 to make sure that we can continue to drive the performance that we've seen over the last 2 quarters of it. I think that when I -- when we talk to banks in terms of budgets for next year, I think it's largely consistent with the commentary that we gave earlier on budgets overall. Most of our banking clients are saying sort of flat budgets next year with a share shift to the global delivery model, I think that continues. We said -- we've also started to see the midsized banks, we talked about this last quarter, starting to adopt the global delivery model a little bit more actively and aggressively than they have in the past, so that's also contributing to overall performance in that sector. I would also say that as we look to that industry sector, we continue to feel that there is a lot of growth that we're driving because of the deep industry knowledge that we have in financial services, which we continue to invest in. And I think that, that's really positioned us well. So I feel cautiously optimistic, but I'd like to watch it for another 2 -- quarter or 2 to make sure that the trend continues.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes, I think that at a macro level, what's driving discretionary spending is the so-called dual mandate that I spoke about. We have this -- and we spent virtually all of our time at Cognizant Community discussing this with clients, we have this wave of new technologies, the so-called SMAC stack, social, mobile, analytics and cloud. And these, we think truly represent -- and our clients agree, truly represent in some senses the next generation of IT architecture. The impact that these technologies are having and will have on businesses is probably as profound, if not more profound, than what the -- than the impact that the Internet had a decade or so ago. And so we expect that a big driver of discretionary spending will be sort of adoption of these new technologies as clients look to say how do I take social, mobile, analytics and cloud and apply them across our businesses. And we feel like we're very, very well positioned because of our Horizon 3 offerings in that space. So that's sort of the macro commentary. If you sort of take it down to a quarter-by-quarter play, discretionary spending tends to be stronger in the middle of a calendar year because that's the time when clients have -- they're past the budget cycle, budgets have been approved and you tend to get in Q2, and to some extent in Q3, the full impact of those budget approvals. And then as we go into Q3, the back half of Q3 and Q4, discretionary spending tends to slow down as clients go into the budget process. So at a more micro level, that's, I think, the trend that we'll see playing out this quarter or next quarter and going into next year.
Francisco D'Souza: I think that when we talk about -- if you think about the strength of the company across all 3 horizons, I think what underpins our differentiation and what has allowed us to drive the industry-leading growth is the fact that we -- I think we truly have a unique and differentiated approach to building domain expertise, creating deep intimate relationships with our clients and making that all feasible in a very seamless way to the client through a world-class global delivery model. Those core underlying strengths underpin our differentiation across Horizon 1, Horizon 2 and Horizon 3. And I think that it is because we are building Horizon 1, 2 and 3 on top of those 3 core underlying strengths that we will be differentiated across all of those Horizons and which, in turn, will allow us to drive industry-leading growth across all of those areas of investment.
Francisco D'Souza: I think we're just about out of time here, so let's wrap up. I want to thank all of you for joining us for this quarter. We're obviously pleased with our performance this quarter, and we look forward to talking to you again on our Q4 call and full year. Thanks very much.
Gordon J. Coburn: If you look historically, Q4 has been weaker than Q3 sequentially. Last year, Q4 grew about half the pace of Q3. There are some real seasonal stuff. We have holidays and vacations. Retail in particular, which was a very important growth driver for us in Q3, we do not expect to be a growth driver in Q4 due to the holiday shutdowns that are normally in the retail business. And most importantly, we got clarity with -- at our Cognizant Community that there's not going to be a budget flush. So when we look at our guidance, we had a very solid Q3. We're pleased. We'll continue to good sequential growth in Q4 but it'll clearly be at a slower pace, which is not unlike prior years.
Gordon J. Coburn: And just to be clear, the May versus July salary comment, it's not the same people getting a second increase. It's a portion of the population gets it in May and the remainder of the portion -- the remainder of the population gets their increase in July.
Gordon J. Coburn: I don't think it has any material CapEx impact. This buildout of the 4 centers is costing us around $25 million or so with a CapEx budget of $370 million. It's reflected in that $370 million. So I don't think it has any material impact on the overall capital intensity of the company.
Gordon J. Coburn: It would be less than 0.5 point. It would be measured in millions of dollars but certainly not tens of millions of dollars.
Gordon J. Coburn: Clearly, pharma and Healthcare in general remained soft. As I mentioned, it was flat sequentially, similar to where we had stronger than expected results. And banking and Continental Europe certainly, Healthcare underperformed even our adjusted expectations. So we would expect that trend to continue for the remainder of the year.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. So if you split the payers from life sciences, on the payers, we were impacted by M&A. There was M&A occurred with several of our large customers, and that did impact near-term discretionary spending. We think it may set us up well for the future once we get through the M&A work, but clearly right now that's a distraction and had impact on some of the programs. On life sciences, the patent cliffs are real now. Obviously, the life sciences companies knew they were coming but now that they've hit and in some cases as drugs have come off patent, the revenue decline is faster than anticipated. That is impacting IT spend in a significant way. So this is one that we knew was coming. I think it's probably hit the life sciences industry a little harder than anticipated, but that sector is going through a tough patch right now. Will it come back? Yes, of course it'll come back. But right now it's a tough sector.
Gordon J. Coburn: So let's hit those one by one, Julio. Headcount will simply be a driver with what revenue is. As you know, our model is a mix of the longer terms -- longer cycle college hiring, as well as just-in-time lateral hiring, so we can move that up and down very quickly. So the -- rather than us -- rather than that being a driver of growth, it's a result of what demand is. Pricing is stable, which is good. I wouldn't expect any big overall price increases next year, but we're certainly in a stable environment. So I think ultimately revenue growth will largely be driven by volume next year.
Gordon J. Coburn: We stay away from giving specific headcount growth guidance, but certainly we will continue to add people in the fourth quarter. Our business is continuing to grow. We had very good headcount additions in the third quarter and we don't give specific guidance for the fourth quarter, but certainly there will be headcount growth.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. So it's an important issue that we're working through, Julio. We on-boarded a lot of fresh -- oh, Mayank, sorry. Sorry about that, Mayank. We on-boarded a lot of freshers late in 2011, probably more than we should have at that time because obviously, we thought revenue growth through '12 would be stronger than anticipated. So it's taken us a bit to work through all those people that we on-boarded very late last year, so that's impacted the timing of on boarding the 2012 class. So you're absolutely right, that the -- when I look at the gross hires in 2012, the mix is not as heavily towards college grads as I would have anticipated. But that's largely driven by, I had a very large pipeline or people in training in the classroom at the end of 2011.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. So I think it's a little too early to tell for the payer side of Healthcare, but for pharma, I think answer is clearly, yes, it will weaken 2013. 2013 is going to be a tough year for pharma. When you talk to most of them, 2014 actually looks okay as they have some new drugs come online. But 2013 is a trough year for them.
Gordon J. Coburn: So clearly, capital markets, there is a fundamental restructuring going on there, and overall IT budgets in the capital market space is coming down. Now we have less exposure to pure play capital markets firms than others. We tend to have more exposure to the capital markets divisions in money center banks. I think what you're seeing there is they're pushing the envelope on outsourcing and use of global delivery and open to look in much more broader opportunities, in the context of needing to reduce their budgets. Regulatory change for next year? Obviously the election just happened last night and so forth. But in the end, it's going to be neutral to positive for us as regulatory spend may pick up. It's not going to all be incremental spend, clearly. A portion of it hopefully will be, and I think we're well positioned to capture regulatory spend. But how much happens and how quickly and how much of it is incremental, those are questions that, yes, I think we'll get clarity for over the coming months or so now that the election's out of the way.
Gordon J. Coburn: So let's start with your first question of is 19% to 20% the right range. And our belief is absolutely yes. We have tremendous opportunities for investment. We're continuing to invest in Europe. You're seeing the results of the investment we're making in Asia right now; it's incredible. So we're going to continue to accelerate that investment. We're starting to invest down in South America now. We're investing in Horizon 2 and Horizon 3 simultaneously. So we're not in the business of selling a one-off piece of software and then moving on. These are long-term relationships with greenfield opportunities, so we want to take as much market share as we can rather than top margin. And the strategy's working. We're growing materially faster than the industry this year. Our brand is the strongest it's been in our history. Our recruiting statistics are the strongest that it's been in our history. And this strategy of reinvestment is clearly working. This year, we have been running at the upper end of the range and part of that is driven by -- yes, we did have to take our revenue guidance down during the year, and we wanted to try to minimize the impact on EPS of that change in guidance early in the year. But as long as the investment strategy is working, we're going to stick with it.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure, a couple things. First of all, remember not all that cash is sitting in the U.S., and it's not all accessible for dividends or buybacks. That's a very important point.
Gordon J. Coburn: Over half of it is outside the U.S. or needs to be outside the U.S. When we look at the strategy, we've been opportunistic on share repurchases. Obviously, when the stock was down, we were quite aggressive on the share repurchases. We still have some gunpowder left on that program. Near term, I think the strategy will continue of opportunistic share repurchases, making sure we have plenty of gunpowder for acquisitions. That being said, acquisitions, we expect to continue to be our strategy of either for geography, industry or technology capability. The definition of tuck under continues to grow as we get bigger. Longer term, we'll have to look at what do we do with the cash, but also part of that is working our strategies for where will the cash be and how is it accessible. And we need to figure out some of those things first.
Gordon J. Coburn: Let's be clear. Healthcare not coming back does not mean Healthcare is negative sequential growth. Healthcare not coming back means it doesn't -- it's a driver of growth, so therefore it's growing well below company average. I don't see a scenario where 2013 Healthcare has negative growth over 2012.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. Chris, it's Karen. I'll try to answer that. So FX wasn't actually a huge impact between Q2 and Q3. The real impact came particularly in COGS with the timing of our wage increases. So we have 2 rounds of wage increases over the summer. The first round kicks in, in May so you had the full quarter impact of that first round kicking in, in Q3. And then we also do a second component which kicks in, in July. So that's the primary driver of the movement in COGS. And then down in SG&A, frankly, primarily the timing of payment for visas, some immigration costs. A lot of our immigration filings are done in the early part of the year, and so the SG&A decline that you saw from Q2 to Q3 was the timing of those payments.
Karen McLoughlin: Sorry, I think Sara, as you said, it was -- sequential growth in the quarter was about 3.8%, so still below company average. Because it does have a higher concentration of discretionary spending, it tends to be a little bit more volatile. But we are seeing -- we've got some very nice new logo wins, particularly in the high-tech sector and starting to see some good traction there.
Karen McLoughlin: So top 5 for the quarter, Julio, was 14% of revenue. The top 10 accounts for the quarter are 25% of revenue. And the on-site/offshore ratio was just below 79%. It's about 78.9%. Right movement toward on-site this quarter, primarily due to the ING transition.
Karen McLoughlin: Yes, so I think as you saw a little bit in Q3 [ph] we wouldn't -- Q4, very few clients tend to start application development projects unless it's something small that could be completed in the quarter. So I think we would expect to see maintenance grow slightly faster than the development as it did in Q3 as we go into Q4 as well. And then that trend typically starts to reverse as you get into the middle part of next year.
Karen McLoughlin: So it's all of our software implementation, testing, consultings and all the front-end type work that goes along with development and implementation projects.
