Gordon J. Coburn: Thanks, Rod. It's Gordon. Clearly, it's the former. This year, we are more dependent on maintenance, and you don't have the same level of seasonality on that. Our guidance does not, and let me repeat this, does not assume any sort of Q4 budget flush. The other piece of the puzzle, Rod, is we've won some large deals so -- that are already in our pocket that ramp up in Q4, so we also have some momentum from that. So a combination of the nature of work we're seeing and some deals that we've already won is what results in us expecting sequential growth in Q4 equal to that in Q3. So there's no hockey stick, but it's equal to the Q3 growth rates.
Gordon J. Coburn: I'm not sure normal. The -- we're not counting on any surge in development work in Q4. Certainly, we're not counting on any budget flush. But this year, maintenance is an important driver for us. In Q2, development was a little bit stronger than maintenance, which you have always because of the start of the new budget cycle. But as we look at the rest of the year, maintenance will be an important driver. We obviously have a lot of visibility into that, both broad based across our clients and in particular, for some of the large deals that we've won.
Gordon J. Coburn: I fully agree with you on that, Rod. We are seeing a good pipeline in Europe, but absolutely, it takes longer to convert into revenue because of all the regulatory and cultural issues. But it does set us up favorably for 2013 in Europe, and certainly, compared to 2012, the comparables are pretty easy for Europe.
Gordon J. Coburn: I think the word stability is right. So we had sequential growth this quarter and the second quarter. When I look at the remainder of the year, we're not out of the woods yet. Our guidance assumes that pharma grows slower than company average. I think that's the appropriate assumption, but it looks like the worst of it is over.
Gordon J. Coburn: Tien-Tsin, it's Gordon. As we've said, the -- we want to keep balance sheet flexibility. The industry's changing quickly. Clearly, we're positioned to take advantage of that industry change, so we want to make sure we have all the flexibility that we need. That being said, we do have a fair amount of cash, and we do try to opportunistically return it to shareholders in ways that are accretive, obviously, with the stock price where it was during the second quarter. We took advantage of that to accelerate the share repurchases. We still have, what, $170 million left in the program. So once we -- we still have some time to finish up the existing program.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. So there are a couple of things going on. So last year, we grew at 3.9% sequentially. In Q4 this year, the implied guidance would be 4.4%, so really pretty close. In my mind, that's kind of noise. But when you peel it back a little bit, first of all, last year, we were coming off an extraordinarily powerful Q3 driven by development, which grew almost 8%. So it made the sequential comps a little bit tougher. Also, this year, we have 2 things going on for us. One, banking and financial services is a bit more stable than it was this time last year, and we have several deals that are ramping up, known deals. So the combination of the 2 of those kind of plug that gap. But once again, that gap is 0.5 basis point -- or 50 basis points, really pretty small.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. Other tends to be a little bit more weighted towards discretionary development work. That's where our high-tech business is. And so it's just the nature of the economy that, that other category tends to be a little bit more volatile, but that's all baked into our guidance.
Gordon J. Coburn: It's -- I'm not sure there'll be material differences. But our assumption is discretionary spending stays modest, which would mean that would have a drag on other.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. Sure, Ed. As you know, the 2 together are about 27% of revenue. Health care represents a bit more than pharma. And as you said, pharma is the one that has been challenged for the last couple of quarters. A lot of it is due to the patent cliffs, and sort of the reality hitting that it's – that, that those cliffs are -- that have been planned for a while are now hitting the customers. We had a tough Q1. Q2, return to sequential growth, which we're pleased about, but we still have modest expectations for pharma. And obviously, since pharma is a meaningful part of the health care segment, that will keep the growth rates of the overall health care segment down. The -- but essentially, it's playing out about as we expected, so no surprises there.
Gordon J. Coburn: So there's not really been any change in Washington, a little noise on how per-country caps would be handled but nothing significant beyond that. In terms of denial rates, once again, really no change there. Clearly, for the industry, as you're aware, denial rates for L visas have been higher for the industry for quite some time now. When we look at our balance of visa use and the increasing importance of local hiring, we've not seen any business disruption. We -- one of the things we're proud about is we continue to expand our U.S. college recruiting in the U.S. This year, we did 17 campuses, added close to 200 students. So we continue to, where we can find the people, hire locally. The challenge, as you know, is it's still very difficult to find U.S. IT workers. So visas are important a part of our ability to deliver world-class services to our clients.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. So generally, we've seen our competitors be quite disciplined, especially the competitors that are doing well in the market today. And you've seen this bifurcation even among the Tier 1 players and among those that are doing well in that sector, they're very disciplined. I think the only place we see a little bit of noise is in some of the infrastructure management deals where there may be 1 or 2 players who are trying to gain market share in that space. But overall, we continue to be very pleased with the thoughtfulness of our competitors in terms of it's a 0-sum game, and if they cut price I think very quickly, the whole market would move. And everyone's been quite disciplined in the areas that we -- that are a primary focus to us.
Gordon J. Coburn: I would not expect any material upside. Part of the reason why, Jason, is currency. Remember what had happened and the guidance we just gave, we maintained our guidance despite getting hit with over $20 million of currency movement since our last earnings call. So essentially, on a constant currency basis, we really just took our guidance up by $20 million. I would not want people to have expectations that there's a meaningful over performance to these numbers, particularly given the -- what we had to absorb on currency already.
Gordon J. Coburn: Yes. So a very, very minor shift, Julio. On site, we were just over 20% on site for the quarter. So essentially, no material change.
Gordon J. Coburn: That's exactly the way we want the model to play out, Julio. Part of what we did, we on-boarded a lot of pressures late last year. Obviously, revenue growth for this year is not what we thought it would be coming into the year. So we're absorbing a lot of those. So that's why you saw headcount is a little bit lighter than revenue growth, because as we're bringing the freshers into billable positions. We don't give headcount guidance clearly, but certainly, we will want to maintain our utilization rates going forward.
Gordon J. Coburn: The answer's yes. ING ramps over a period of time – sorry, Philips ramps over a period of time, ING kicks in right away, and we have pretty much the full benefit in the fourth quarter.
Gordon J. Coburn: So let me hit the visibility question. The answer is we're saying visibility with the same methodology that we always have in the past. Obviously, we have July results in when we're giving guidance today, so we have very strong visibility into Q3. And in Q4, given the time of year and the nature of the type of work that's ramping, particularly in some of the larger deals, our visibility is quite healthy.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes, it's Frank, Darrin. Let me try and address that. So I think what we -- we did see -- if you separate our BFSI segment between banking and insurance, we did see a modest rebound on the banking side. I think that, that was driven largely because for the last couple of quarters, as banks have started -- were reassessing their priorities, a lot of stuff got put on hold. And I think what we're now starting to see is some of those things that were put on hold are now starting to come back on the docket, and we're starting to win some of that business going forward. Insurance has had a good year year-to-date, and that trend continued. So when you put those 2 things together, sort of a modest rebound in -- on the banking side combined with strong performance -- relatively strong performance in insurance over the course of the year, the segment, as a whole, had a strong quarter, a little stronger than we would have anticipated when we last talked to you a few months ago.
Francisco D'Souza: And Ashwin, it's Frank. Let me take the second part of your question. Clearly, delivering in Europe requires 2 things -- at least 2 things. One is a very, very strong in-country local presence, teams on the ground that can face off with their counterparts at the client. And then the other is, to some extent, what we think of as local or near-shore delivery centers. Both of those are important, and we are focusing on both -- building on both of those sets of capabilities. So we've got near-shore centers in Hungary. We've got a near-shore center in France. We are looking at other near-shore centers around Europe, and we'll continue to build those out. And when it comes to building out local teams in the respective countries, we have looked at doing that both organically and through, in the past, tuck-in acquisitions in different countries around Europe. So we've done 3, 4 small acquisitions across Europe in different countries over the years, and we'll continue to look actively at both organic and inorganic options to build out the local in-country presence given that we think Europe, in the long run, is a very, very strong opportunity going forward.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes. I think, Ashwin, the transformational deals in consulting in some sense are very, very related. It -- when you think about transformational deals, we feel very good about how we're positioned to address the transformational deals, because we think we've got this sort of very unique set of capabilities under one umbrella. That is management consulting, deep domain expertise. From a technology standpoint, a very strong footprint in enterprise architecture, and then we talk about the intimate on-the-ground client engagement teams and our ability to very large-scale program management and change management. And you put all of that under the umbrella with the global delivery network, and it creates a very, very strong set of capabilities to do transformational deals. So along those lines, we continue to focus on building out Cognizant Business Consulting or CBC. I'm actually very, very pleased with the progress we've made, but we'll continue to push forward there, because consulting becomes very, very pivotal to being able to both sell and solution but also execute on these large transformational engagements.
Francisco D'Souza: I think -- it's Frank, Bryan. I think that, clearly, as I said before we do think banking has begun somewhat of a modest rebound. We -- as we said, we still expect to see banking for us grow double digits this year. We did see this quarter growth return to some of our largest banking clients. You may recall that last quarter, our growth was more amongst the mid-tier banks in the segment. I candidly -- I think it's a little early to call discretionary spending coming back in a significant way in banking. I would wait a quarter or 2 before I made that determination. I think it's very -- it would be driven a lot by the budget cycle and what we see happening with banking budgets going into next year. But at this point, based on what we're seeing, I think we are feeling a little bit better about banking for the rest of this year. And we'll watch and see how the budget cycle plays out going into next year, which will be a big determinant of what discretionary spending will look like in that industry in '13.
Francisco D'Souza: I think the way to think about it, Jason, is that the Horizon 2 businesses, that is the Business Process Outsourcing or BPO, IT Infrastructure Services and our Business Consulting business today are growing, as a group, faster than company average. And our expectation is that over a period of time, they will continue to do that. And will become -- today are already and will, over time, become an increasingly more important part of our overall growth story. And I feel that those are -- both of -- all 3 of those businesses represents very, very large opportunities. And in the case of BPO, in some senses, that opportunity is bigger than the IT -- the macro IT opportunity. So I think these are very large opportunities and have the characteristics that we like: significantly under penetrated, lots of opportunity to drive efficiency and effectiveness, lots of need for transformation and so, overall, I think play very well to Cognizant's core strength. And so the -- that group as a whole, I think you can assume will grow faster than company average going forward. The Horizon 3 stuff is today a relatively small portion of revenue. It's not a growth driver yet, and I think it'll take several years for that as a group to become a significant driver of growth. But I think what's very important around Horizon 3 is that Horizon 3 drives mindshare for us with customers. If customers want to work with a partner that is involved and engaged in leading-edge thinking on the newest technology and business model topics out there. And so Horizon 3 for us is much more about mindshare than it is about market share. So Horizon 1 and 2 drive market share for us, and Horizon 3 drives mindshare for us.
Francisco D'Souza: I think that it's somewhat early on the health care debate. I think, over time, as plans -- or let's -- health plans, which has been the bulk of the work that we do in health care, but the whole health ecosystem in the U.S. starts to implement some of the provisions of the new health care reform, I think that'll start to translate into revenue for us. But it's still early in the -- we are having those conversations with clients, but I think it's still early days. And I would say it's still a few quarters before I can -- if I can point to that to be a meaningful revenue driver.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes. Let me take that, George. This is -- this economic environment, it's certainly not -- we're not seeing client behavior this time around as we did given this 2007, 2008 timeframe, where basically, clients stopped everything. There were a little -- there was a little bit of a deer in the headlights kind of a syndrome back then. This time, what we have seen, if you go back even to 2000, 2001 and so on, is that every sort of period of economic turmoil has, in some sense, served as a catalyst for our types of services, because clients tend to focus on efficiency and effectiveness. They tend to focus on how they become more productive. And then, of course, if there's a big technology shift going on as there was in 2000, 2001 with the Internet or as there is now with this SMAC stack that we talk about, there's also the need to innovate and deploy new technologies. And so what we're seeing right now is this: clients kind of focusing on this dual mandate, saying, "How do I cut costs on the one side? And how do I innovate on the other side?" And in that equation, Cognizant Business Consulting becomes extremely important, because it's our vehicle to be able to work with the clients to understand, on the one side, how they need to innovate to take advantage of these new technologies and new shifts in their industry and at the same time, how we can help them to drive greater degrees of efficiency and effectiveness. So a very critical role for us.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes. Let me address that, and then we'll have to wrap up. We're a couple minutes over. But I think the most important factor that I'll point to there is that we're now starting to see CBC being a lead for Cognizant with new clients. So we're winning new clients based on our CBC offering, and I think there can be no stronger testament to the strength of CBC when we win a new client against the best competitors in the world, with CBC being our lead service offering at that client. And we're starting to see more and more of that, so I think that speaks to the strength of CBC overall. And I think we have to wrap -- thank you. I think we'll have to wrap up with that. So thanks, everybody, for joining us. And despite the significant volatility in the macro environment, I'm actually very pleased with -- that we continue to deliver industry-leading performance thanks to the exceptional execution of our differentiated strategy. Thank you all for joining us, and have a good day.
Karen McLoughlin: No. I mean, at this point, we're continuing to see pricing be stable. We're seeing good discipline in the industry. And so we're not really anticipating any changes at this point.
Karen McLoughlin: So I'll take the first part of that, Ashwin, in terms of the constant currency growth. So the pound Q1 to Q2 actually moved very slightly, it was about 1.57 in Q1 versus 1.58 in Q2. So essentially, the constant currency growth is about the same as reported growth in U.K., so it's up slightly about 1.5% quarter-over-quarter. The FX impact was primarily on the continent between the euro and the Swiss franc, which had significant movement in the second half of the quarter. And so on a reported basis, the group was down 0.4% and 0.2% on a constant currency basis, but most of that was Europe -- or Continental Europe or other, sorry.
Karen McLoughlin: Let me -- I will grab that for you. Give me 2 seconds. I'll get you an email. Sorry, I should have it.
