Gordon Coburn: Hey, Bryan, it’s Gordon. So on longer sales cycles, those comments were related to on these very large deals, they are just more complex and they take longer, it’s really tougher to project. And we talked about three deals last quarter and those took a little longer to sign. In terms of our normal deals, sales cycles have been normal all year. So I don’t see any change in our sales cycle from earlier in the year. But let me be clear, that our sales cycle earlier in the year on, normal deals is absolutely fine and complex deals, it takes longer, and I would expect the future complex deals, those will be – those will continue to take long and that’s baked into our planning. In terms of client weakness, when we took our guidance down at the end of the second quarter, we pointed to – it was a handful of clients that was impacting that not overall demand environment. I think that continues to be the right statement. The overall demand environment is healthy. Those four clients – four or five clients did impact us. The impact of that fully washes through the system by the end of Q4.Bryan Keane – Deutsche Bank AG:  Okay. Just a quick follow-up on outsourcing still flat sequentially, I think on growth. What's the outlook in the outsourcing business and congrats on the quarter. Francisco D'Souza Sure, so the outsourcing business is alive and well. When I think about some of the large deals that we’ve won, such as Health Net and such as the deal we won with a large high-end financial services segment, those will be heavily weighted towards outsourcing, so there is a little bit of a low there, but when I look at the pipeline of deals that I won that start to ramp up next year certainly I would expect growth in outsourcing as well.Bryan Keane – Deutsche Bank AG: Thanks.
Gordon Coburn: Hey, Mike, it’s Gordon. So a couple of things, we’re seeing very healthy demand for SMAC and Digital within Horizon 3 and certainly that becomes the biggest component of Horizon 3, just given that’s what customers are buying today. And we have just tremendous capabilities to deliver in the SMAC and Digital area. Who we’re doing the work for? Certainly, it’s weighted towards projects at existing customers, because we have the relationships those can kick in faster, but we are also successful at using it as a foot in the door with new clients, because clients are looking for innovative ideas in Digital and SMAC. And we have some really good thought leadership. I’m sure many of you’ve read Code Halo book that we had published. People read that and they say come on in and talk to us at the C-Suite level. Who do we see competing? It’s more weighted towards the fully integrated SI, but certainly there are bunch of niche players out there, so we compete with both, but when you look at the where the lion’s share of the revenue is going, it’s going to the larger SIs including us.Mayank Tandon – Needham & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you.
Gordon Coburn: Sure, so obviously we’re only in the planning phase, right now. We haven’t begun any of the execution and we wouldn’t until the transaction closes, but certainly there’s synergy opportunities where clients are interested in broader range of services that Cognizant has the capability to offer at scale, where TriZetto on its own would not have had at scale. So clearly that opportunity exists and those are near term. Longer term obviously, the big opportunity in our mind is the – having a fully integrated offering, similar to what we’re doing to Health Net where we do that with the TriZetto platform, but obviously that’s a much longer sale cycle. So I think you’re right in thinking about the synergy on the IT services near term and longer term is the full stock opportunity.Lisa Ellis – Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. LLC: Great. Thank you, guys.
Gordon Coburn: Certainly, on a non-GAAP basis, I think, it is a very good assumption that we would stand on 19% to 20% non-GAAP operating margin range, including the impact of both Health Net and TriZetto.Keith Bachman – BMO Capital Markets: Okay. Thanks very much, guys.
Gordon Coburn: So wages landed right in line with what we indicated last quarter, which was a bit above 2013, and I was expected and we talked about that last quarter. So offshore wages were right around the 10% mark, on-site wages were low-single digits, but about a point higher than it was last year. So a little bit up from last year, but no surprises compared to what we thought three months ago.
Gordon Coburn: I don’t think there will be a meaningful leverage off of utilization, clearly, we have opportunities in our pyramid. And so we’ll certainly look at that lever a bit. Three is a little of room offshore, on-site we are at our target utilization. But as, I think, Karen mentioned, we certainly have ramped up our hiring of college students. We’re just getting the top, we’ll get such high quality college students right now because of the brand that we’re enjoying both and that’s college hiring in the U.S., in India, as well as Europe, across the globe. So I would think more about pyramid as the level for 2015 less so about utilization.Sara Gubins – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Great. Thank you.
Gordon Coburn: Look I – what I'll say, we feel good about the demand environment, right now. We – the dual mandate that we talked about, it’s truly playing out across the industries we serve. We see a large number of, what we think of it multi-tower integrated deals in the pipeline. I look at that as a proxy for one side of the dual mandate or the efficiency effect in the side of the dual mandate. And then as we’ve said many times, we feel very good about how we're positioned for the demand for new digital technologies. So, fundamentals of the demand are strong. Having said, if you step back and you look at macro environment right at the big market, highly fragmented, lots of geographic growth opportunity for Cognizant, when we think about our presence in the Continental Europe and Asia, those are small, but – small market for us, large market opportunities. So I think the fundamentals are strong, demand remains strong, and we’ve got a great client base. We were impacted this year by the small handful of very specific client situations. Those we believe abate by the end of the year, so going into next year, we feel good about the environment, early conversations with clients don’t give us cause for concern at this point. 
Gordon Coburn: I think it’s fair to say, you will see more of these in the pipeline. But just keep it in perspective, this is still a small number or a small number of the overall – our pipeline of the overall opportunity that we have. The vast majority of our business still comes from the old land and expand that we've always talked to you about. So, yes, would I expect to see some more Health Net life deals, certainly we talked about that in the context of the synergy opportunities we see from TriZetto, for example. So I think those will be in the pipeline and the sales cycles there will be longer, but I think that the core base business will continue to be as we have historically been sort of the land and expand kind of work.
Gordon Coburn: So little bit of a catch, obviously we are taking the utilization up quite a bit. The skills that we need to shift a little bit, so we wanted to make sure we don’t have any skills mismatch, or so we sacrificed a little bit of utilization just as we get that all aligned. We also wanted to bring all of the college students on board by the end of this year who are graduated in May. We thought that was important, so about 45% of the hiring in Q3 was the college students. So you put it altogether, it enables us to make sure that we are going to have the right skills for the change in demand and position ourselves well, so we don’t have revenue leakage as we go into next year.Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.: Okay. Thank you.
Gordon Coburn: It gets phased a little bit, because there’s some preliminary setup work and so forth, but the significant impact happens once we have regulatory approval and we go live.Moshe Katri – Cowen and Company, LLC: I’m assuming starting in Q3 and then maybe getting a bit stronger in Q4 of next year.
Francisco D'Souza: Hey, it’s Frank. I think when we spoke – last quarter when you looked at the UK, we had a sequentially down quarter. Part of that was because some of these specific client situations to which we referred last quarter were in the UK, as that as Gordon pointed out, as that starts to flush through the system the underlying growth of the UK, which we think is still – which is still help these coming, it’s showing in the numbers now. I think the continent will continue to be – it’s a great opportunity right now. We are underpenetrated in the continent, both at Cognizant level, but as an industry, global sourcing, I think there’s still a lot of opportunity in the continent, but historically the continent has been a more – market has been more focused on discretionary spending. And so as we see the shift from discretionary spending to our outsourcing in the continent you’ll find that that it will be somewhat lumpy and I think you saw that this quarter, but I don’t think there’s anything fundamentally to read into that beyond the normal what I think of as continental European lumpiness.Edward Caso – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Can you talk a little bit about the success of the India-centric firms in continental Europe and getting them to embrace doing their outsourcing work in India as opposed to doing it maybe more regionally? Are you seeing a shift there and is that a factor in both your current numbers and your outlook.
Francisco D'Souza: I would say, we’ve said for years now that the model in continental Europe will require us to have very strong local presence, combined with a very solid near-shore delivery center and then, of course, with the global delivery model. You need all three pieces. You need a very strong local presence in country. You need a regional delivery network and you need a global delivery – a set of global delivery locations to serve continental Europe and all three of those pieces need to be in place. Now we feel very good about our presence in continental Europe because of that, as you know, we’ve invested very heavily both organically and inorganically to build out the local presence, going back to the acquisition that we did several years ago in Benelux of Infopulse, more recently Equinox in France and C1 in Germany. And then, of course, we’ve also built the regional delivery network with regional centers in several locations, including our most recent regional delivery center in Spain. We also have in the South of France and in Eastern Europe, and so on, that will continue to build out the regional delivery centers in Europe, and then, of course, the global delivery mechanism. So we feel very strong about our presence there and we think that you need all three of those pieces to succeed in continental Europe.Edward Caso – Wells Fargo Securities, LLC: Thank you.
Francisco D'Souza: Sure. So I would not think about it as pent-up demand, where they just defer the project and therefore they’re going to give us that plus normal business. So I think that the revenue that we got hit with this year, that is – that revenue is lost now. Will some of these accounts start to grow, and I think the answer is yes, some of them will – but certainly not all of them. But remember, put it in perspective, we are talking about a single handful of accounts.Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Right, great.
Francisco D'Souza: So we’re very comfortable with where we are and with those accounts is playing out, just as we expected.Joseph Foresi – Janney Montgomery Scott LLC: Thank you.
Francisco D'Souza: So, Brian, you touched on the key issue there. A good chunk of our cash is offshore, certainly we can use it for non-US acquisitions, but it is quite expensive to bring home. When we look at our cash flow characteristics for the company, as excluding future large acquisitions, and as we said, we are not planning to do any future large acquisitions until TriZetto is well integrated. The – our cash flow characteristics in the U.S. do enable us to do some – continue to do some share repurchases in the U.S., obviously we couldn’t do that in Q3, because we were blocked out. Longer-term, the key is, we want to make sure, we have the flexibility to take advantage of the quickly changing market, yes, we still have a lot of work to do in various geographies. So we have not laid out a specific mix of how much the share repurchase versus dividends, versus acquisitions. We want to make sure that we continue to take as a – act as a leader in the market and stay ahead of our clients in terms of where they want to – what type of services they want. But certainly, we do have both the authorization for additional share repurchases and we'll have the cash flow to resume doing some of those going forward.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes, it’s Frank, Brian. Look, I think, as you pointed out, the vast majority of TriZetto is very focused, very specific to the healthcare vertical. So I don’t see opportunities to take their technology to other verticals once we close the transaction. There are couple of exceptions to that. One is that TriZetto have some very interesting advanced automation, software robotic kind of technology that we've acquired in the healthcare space, which we think could be relevant across the industries. We think that advanced autonomics and robotics – software robotics are very important advanced automation technologies that will be very relevant to our business going forward, across the industries and in particular lines of business like our BPO, BPS service offerings, our IT infrastructure service offering. So there are some pockets of TriZetto technology that we think will apply to other industries.
Francisco D'Souza: So when we look at what we mean by BPaaS, a combination of infrastructure platform, our people doing the processing clients behind the outcome, leveraging both the global delivery model and obviously very deep IT capabilities. Certainly, we have to make assumptions about productivity gains and so forth. But as we have a lot of track record of understanding of what we can achieve in terms of productivity on these, so I actually feel quite comfortable with it. Now, obviously the timing of profitability differs on these deals. The profitability tends to ramp up as you go through the transaction, but as long as you have enough of them in the system and stagger it out I think it should be fine. And the reality is, this is the way the market is shifting. Clearly, this is what clients want to buy, so we have to make sure that we have a highly competitive offering and an offering where we make the margins that we want. And we’re very focused on that. We think it’s quite achievable.Steven Milunovich – UBS Investment Bank: Thank you.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes, we’ll give more color on how to model it as or we’ll give a little more color on seasonality when we talk about our guidance in February.Moshe Katri – Cowen and Company, LLC: All right. Thank you.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure, Keith. So on the operating margin versus last year, two big things, one is obviously raises kicked in Q3 as we had expected them to. And then the second thing is utilization. So utilization with the 12,000 hires that we did in Q3 is up or is down rather quite considerably over two points from last year. So it’s really that combination of utilization and then raises and promotions, which took margins down into the 19.5% range, frankly as we had expected we said the margins would come down from where they had been running in Q2 and generally right in line with what we expected. Then in terms of the GAAP to non-GAAP spread, that will fluctuation. So obviously once we close the TriZetto acquisition, acquisition and amortization will increase quite significantly. We'll obviously have better color on that when we actually close the deal and can provide guidance on those numbers. But what you did see in Q3 was some of the acquisition-related expenses due diligence and so forth, and that will obviously spill over into Q4 as well moving forward. So, certainly over time, we would expect that debt to grow, which is one of the reasons, frankly, why we’ve been moving towards this non-GAAP definition and non-GAAP guidance moving forward.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. So let me start with pricing and then I think ask Gordon to cover up on the wages. So in terms of pricing, generally, it’s been stable, obviously you will have mix shift that happens so BPO is stronger than consulting, for example. But I think, we’ve seen a very consistent trend over the last several quarters of stable pricing clients and much more focus now on the total cost of outsourcing and looking for partners that can provide real value and provide both the – as we talked about the run better and run different side of the equation. So help them drive down their cost of doing business, but also help them drive innovation, and that balance is what frankly allows you to maintain stable pricing as long as you’re providing appropriate value. But I'll let, Gordon, talk about the wage increases.
Karen McLoughlin: So in terms of – so, Steve, in terms of the overall revenue, we have not provided an updated detail, we've talked last year about it being about $500 million, but it is as Gordon mentioned previously, it is certainly growing very fast right now, and certainly faster than company average. I will let Frank actually add a little bit more color around what he sees in the marketplace.
Karen McLoughlin: Moshe, so the contract actually ramps over the first two to two-and-a-half years, so it will ramp up over time in 2015 and 2016 and in 2017.
