Gordon James Coburn: Hey, Brian. It's Gordon. Thanks for the question. Let's talk about both confidence for Q2 and the back half of the year because they tie together. We have very good momentum going into Q2. Our guidance is for $140 million to $200 million of sequential growth. We expect to return to positive growth – positive sequential growth both in Healthcare and Financial Services, so sort of the headwinds that we had in Q1 on a sequential basis have subsided because it's in our run rate. When you think about the back half of the year, there are a couple wildcards and obviously that's why there's a guidance range. One is what happens with additional BPaaS deals and the timing on those, what happens with the timing of some of the big M&A and healthcare and we've – for the full year, we continue to be cautious in Financial Services. But even with that, given the pipeline both of new projects from existing customers and very, very healthy new logo wins in Q1, we feel good both about the sequential growth going into Q2 and that we continue to have healthy momentum in the back half of the year.
Gordon James Coburn: We haven't had any direct discussions about what happens if the deal is pushed or not pushed, but what we've seen historically and are certainly seeing now is during the time when people are waiting for – to see if a deal occurs, there are deferrals in spending because they're looking at what systems will be the ultimate system that's used and so forth and that's baked into our guidance. So our guidance assumes that these deals take a fairly long time at the low-end of our guidance. If they happen sooner, great.
Gordon James Coburn: Hey, Ed. It's Gordon. So certainly, the bigger component of it is our exposure to financial services and just who our clients happen to be. There's one example where this share shift going on but that's a relatively small portion of the softness that we saw. We tend to work with the big – for the big money center banks. We do a lot of work for the European banks and those are the ones that have been hit harder than the midsize banks. And also, because we have a fairly large European exposure on a banking practice, FX was also – had some impact there.
Gordon James Coburn: Hey, Bryan, it's Gordon. It has a little to do with the math. Q1 is soft for us. We're in a sequential decline but then actually have quite healthy growth and I would expect probably growth that shows favorably to many of our competitors sequentially going forward from there. But in Q1 – I think we had a couple of unique things in Q1 particularly in healthcare because we have such a strong position there. We were impacted by that and then in BFS once again because our big exposure to the money center banks. So full year, I think your observation is right. When you look sequentially after our soft Q1, time will tell whether that observation is correct or not.
Gordon James Coburn: Sure. We're really pleased, Jim, with the pipeline in healthcare, particularly in healthcare deals that leverage the synergy between the TriZetto platform and Cognizant's IT capabilities. It's always difficult to predict when these deals will close. Obviously, we closed a deal this quarter that we discussed to really focus on modernizing, transforming and automating the client's environment. As we get later in the year, obviously, the impact it has in 2016 for additional deals closing is smaller but sets us up very well for 2017. So the way I think about it is we have clearly validated the market for this combined offering. We have a healthy pipeline. When exactly they close, don't know, but we're actively working on multiple deals right now.
Gordon James Coburn: Jason, it's Gordon. The headwinds are temporary and are in the run rate now. But it comes down to the math. Because we were down sequentially in Q1, we expect healthy sequential growth going to Q2 and beyond. But when you look at the impact that Q1 had on the full year, we have to dig ourselves out of that hole. So, yeah, we think the tightening the range the way we did is appropriate.
Gordon James Coburn: Sure. So, Glenn, we had a spike in attrition last year and the spike lasted longer than we would've expected and had in prior spikes. And that's frustrating for us because Cognizant has this incredible culture, unique culture, our growth rates create tremendous opportunities for career advancement for our people and the nature of the work we're doing and our leadership in digital provides for really interesting work. So we redoubled our efforts on employee engagement. We are very clear to our employees, we share the company success with them, we paid out very healthy bonuses for 2015. We've rolled out our career architecture, so people can understand what does it take to move up in the organization so they can self-manage their career. We've improved rotational experiences, we've invested – we doubled down again in investment and training for our people. So I think what's happened is as people – as our employees have experienced what we've talked about and as we focused on it again, we've seen improvements, there's a little bit of seasonality in Q1 because of bonus payouts but clearly the trend is very much headed in the right direction and it comes down to – there are very few companies in the world that can provide the kind of career growth opportunities that Cognizant can for our employees.
Gordon James Coburn: Sure. Lisa, let me comment on the comp changes and then Frank can comment on your second question. I'm assuming you're referring to the PSUs, so there are two things that are going on there. One is, historically, PSUs have been 100% revenue. We've now shifted that to a combination of revenue and earnings to balance it out a bit more and in line with what other companies are doing. The second thing is for the grants that we've issued in early 2016, we're moving to a two-year measurement period instead of a one-year measurement period. So what this does, it further differentiates the measurements on the annual bonus from the measurements for the PSUs and obviously the PSUs, then there's a fairly long tail afterwards before they actually vest. But we wanted to make sure that the incentives are in line with revenue and earnings and that they're multiyear. So it's more aligning to what others in the industry are doing. That's the primary purpose of that.
Francisco D'Souza: Hey, Ashwin, it's Frank. I think since you asked a long-term question beyond 2016, I will answer it in that context. I would say that overall the world is becoming more technology-intensive, not less technology-intensive, and that technology needs to be deployed, it needs to be integrated, it needs to be configured, it needs to be maintained and upgraded and so on and so forth. None of that activity goes away. So at a very macro level, I see very strong growth opportunities for us across all three horizons, frankly, because I don't see Horizon 1 declining; I think that as new technology gets deployed, you need to upgrade it, you need to maintain it, you need to take care of it and so on and so forth. And so Horizon 1 services will continue to, I think, have healthy growth going forward. So net-net when I look at the portfolio across all three Horizons in the long run, I think that there's plenty of market opportunity. And I'll remind you, I don't need to remind you but I'll just say that it's a very fragmented market. We have 1% to 2% market share. So there's plenty of opportunity for us to go capture additional share in the market. And to the second part of your question, I continue to expect that we will have an active M&A strategy as we have historically looking at the tuck-in acquisitions in the areas that we've always said geographic expansion, new technologies, deepening our industry expertise, and also now software and IP, I think, will factor into that. But I think our baseline is to do small tuck-ins and then from time to time if great opportunities like TriZetto present themselves that are bigger, we will obviously look at those. TriZetto has been, I think, as Gordon said in his comments, exceeded our expectations, I think, in what we've been able to achieve in a year and a half. And so we'll continue to look favorably at opportunities like that but also look at them very carefully to make sure that they meet all of the criteria for us.
Francisco D'Souza: Hey, Sara. It's Frank. I would say that – let me answer the second part of your question first. I think the work that we're doing with the regional banks continues actually to be very strong. We saw good – we have seen, I think, for the last three quarters, four quarters at least great traction with the regional banks. That continues and we feel good about that. That's part of the return to positive sequential growth in Financial Services in the coming quarters. And then I think in terms of color around what kind of discretionary work gets pushed or has been pushed in Q1, I would say it's across the board. Anything that's project oriented or discretionary, so things that – project work, new application development, some of the digital projects got pushed a little bit. Again, I don't know that this was a major push, big delays. I think this was sort of some slowdown in budget getting finalized in Q1 and then that translating into a relatively slow kickoff of new projects in some of the banks during the first quarter, which now I think we see starting to alleviate itself.
Francisco D'Souza: Hi, Mayank. It's Frank. Clearly, the majority of our activity in pipeline right now is in healthcare around the TriZetto platform, but we have BPaaS both opportunities in the pipeline and also client engagements that are in other industries, in other sectors. In many cases, those are platforms that we've developed ourselves. In some cases, these are platforms that we have acquired, smaller platforms that we've acquired in the past. And in some cases, these are offerings that we've constructed on top of third-party products, software platforms, either commercial ISV platforms or sometimes we're having conversations about taking a client's asset and essentially wrapping a BPaaS service around that and taking it to market. So there are a number of opportunities and a number of irons we have in that fire, and a lot of, I think, positive momentum there. I would say in terms of the economics, the economics on the initial BPaaS deals tend to be roughly in line with, maybe a little lower than a traditional deal but then the second, third, fourth time you do it because you've established the factory and the utility, the margins start to get very, very promising because you're essentially amortizing the fixed costs over larger volume.
Francisco D'Souza: The reason that we've – let me start by just reminding everybody that the reason that we don't quantify digital is that we think that the digital capabilities and offerings are really infused throughout all of our business through Horizon 1, Horizon 2 and Horizon 3 service offerings. And so really digital really is very much of the core operating fabric of all of our service offerings, all of our service lines. I think we continue to feel very good about the broad-based capability that we've built in digital. We were out ahead, I think, of many on the digital opportunity with social mobile analytics and cloud from a technology standpoint. I think we are in – for Cognizant in the third or fourth generation of our thinking around digital with our Digital Works approach and methodology where we've gone well beyond technology to include design and data science in addition to strategy and technology and industry knowledge to combine those together, which is what you really need when you are deploying digital on behalf of clients. We spoke a little bit about our investment in ReD Associates this quarter which is another dimension to the Digital Works approach. We feel very good about what the possibilities are in combining ReD, which brings a human approach to digital, from the social sciences standpoint. And so that's just another dimension to digital. So overall, I feel like we really have one of the leading digital capabilities out there. We are doing very deep impactful work with clients like the life sciences client that I spoke about in my prepared comments. So I feel good about the capability. It's hard to say what to quantify exactly, what portion of this is discretionary in the sense of – in the event of an economic slowdown. But I would say that contextually the work that we're doing is largely very fundamental to the future of our clients' businesses and their strategy. Today, there is no strategy for business without some digital component. And so the work that we're doing tends to be very much in the heart of the future of these businesses. And so I would imagine that there would be some stickiness to that in the event of economic slowdown. Hard to quantify, though.
Francisco D'Souza: So, this is a multifaceted question. And so let me answer it in a couple of different ways. It's Frank. Let me say first of all that clearly large enterprises are looking at the cloud in multiple different ways. I would say that most of the large enterprises that we deal with are very much focused on hybrid cloud and looking at very carefully thinking about what workloads belong in the cloud and what workloads belong on-prem and how those balance off against each other. I would say that the – while the nature of workloads in the cloud requires a different maintenance profile, a workload in the cloud needs to be maintained and upgraded and monitored and modernized and all of those kinds of things, just like a workload on-premise. There's much of the care and feeding of a workload in the cloud that still needs to be taken care of. And so, I don't think it's a fair assumption to just assume that when a workload moves into the cloud, it exists in the cloud without any support or care and feeding around it. So the implication that perhaps a workload moving to the cloud completely cannibalizes revenue is not entirely, I think, accurate. at least based on the technology that's available today and what we see. I think more importantly, though -- so that's one dimension of the answer. The other dimension of the answer, I would say, is that, look, over the time horizons that you talked about, 10 years, 15 years, the amount of data and the number of devices that are going to exist in the ecosystem is going to explode. It's going to increase absolutely exponentially. And so all of that complexity is going to require, in my opinion, far more management, far more maintenance, far more deployment help. There's all of these other services that will be required to manage that degree of complexity as data and devices explode. And so I think when you look over the time horizons that you're looking at, I'll come back to the answer I gave to one of the earlier questions, which is that the world is going to become more technology-intensive, not less technology-intensive. It's going to become more data-intensive, not less data-intensive, and it's going to become more device-intensive and these devices are going to be much more heterogeneous than they are today. All of that complexity is going to require a lot of services to manage and maintain, and I think we're very well positioned as that transition occurs.
Francisco D'Souza: And, Lisa, let me comment a little bit about how we're organized and how we're going to market. So I'll remind you that our primary access in going to market has been, for the better part of a decade maybe longer, the industry vertical. So we take everything to market through an industry vertical lens, we view that as being an incredibly important and significant part of our differentiation to have deep domain expertise around the industries that we serve and taking all of our services into a client through the industry lens. Behind the industry groups, we have essentially what you might think of as lines of service. The lines of service are – fall into different categories. These are the traditional services, the Horizon 2 services or rather the BPO IT infrastructure services and consulting and also the new digital services and all of these services go to market through the verticals. The three Horizon model is how we manage investments across the business, so both across verticals and the horizontals, if you will, the lines of service, we apply the three Horizon models to say how do we allocate capital, how do we make investments across both the verticals and the horizontals. And actually there's a third dimension which are the geographies in which we operate. So the three Horizon model is a very clear and crisp way for us to say across the three legs of our matrix, the verticals, the lines of service and the geographies in which we operate, how do we allocate capital to the places where we're going to get the best returns, where the growth potential is the best. And so three Horizons for us is less of an internal organizational construct. We don't have a Horizon 1, a Horizon 2 and a Horizon 3 organization. What we have is an investment model that follows the three Horizons and layers on top of the three vectors that I just talked about, which are the three legs of the matrix are the real organizational vectors, the verticals, the geographies and the lines of service. So I hope that clarifies it a little bit and I think that's our last question.
Francisco D'Souza: So with that, let me thank everybody for joining us today and for your questions, and we look forward to talking with you again next quarter. Thank you.
