Brian Humphries: Well, thank you, Karen. Before we take your questions let me close by saying once again, how delighted I am to have the opportunity to lead this great company. My 286,000 colleagues and I recognize that we have work to do to get Cognizant back to basics and to strengthen our execution. We will roll our sleeves up and ensure that we tenaciously follow through on our strategy to produce the kind of results I know Cognizant is capable of achieving. We are all dedicated to our clients and we are all committed to advancing Cognizant's pivot to digital and spurring the next phase of growth and success. And with that, I'll ask the operator to open the lines for your questions. Operator [Operator Instructions] The first question is from the line of Lisa Ellis with MoffettNathanson. Please proceed with your question.
Brian Humphries: Yes, I'm happy to do so. And ultimately over the last five weeks I spent my time across three continents and ultimately have been prioritizing business reviews, spending time with our associates and spending time with clients and partners. And to a great extent that will be how I will continue to spend my time going forward. From my point of view, but the great news is that we have an exciting market opportunity. The potential is there. But one of the things we're going to have to get back to doing is understanding the relevant trade-offs between costs investments and growth. I don't view costs and investments to be the same thing, but I do view costs and growth to be the same thing. We have to be fit for growth. So in order to do so we need to invest in growth, in order to invest in growth we need to free up dollars for investment. And to a certain extent Lisa, I really feel that we have to restart the engine that was the secret sauce of Cognizant. We have very engaged associates who have a winning spirit. There's a great opportunity out there, but we have to go back to making the investments, getting our cost structure right, really embracing digital and doing the basics well. And sometimes those basics in companies can be overlooked in terms of structural decision rights, sales commission plans etcetera, etcetera. If we get all of this right I think we will be in a position to execute our strategy and to do well.
Brian Humphries: Well, I can't really comment on what the Board sought in a candidate so the question is for them to answer over time. What I will say is that five weeks into my tenure, I'm still very much in a steep learning curve as you can well imagine. I'm delighted to be here and obviously optimistic about our potential. And why? Of course as I said the market opportunity is there to be taken. I'm surrounded by a lot of really smart people with broad industry knowledge and I'm going to be leaning on them to help me execute our plan in the years ahead. We do have a base of associates as I said that are client-centric which is a huge asset to have a winning spirit and that's based on years of commercial success. Now we have a set of customers who like Cognizant and that gives us the opportunity to up-sell and cross-sell to our installed base, but we also have an opportunity to go after new customers within our largest spend and most successful verticals as well as in the other segments and indeed as Karen touched open within growth markets. And we have to embrace digital further and leverage our strong C suite relationships notably at the CIO stack to better penetrate the rest of companies in their digital ambitions. What's easy or what's easy to articulate in one hand is obviously harder to execute. You asked me what needs to change? Too early for me to comment and I'll be in a better position to address that obviously down the line in the outer quarters. Maybe let me answer your question indirectly by saying and touching upon some of the work streams that I’ve started. What's really clear and important to me in good companies is that roles and responsibilities are clearly defined. Teams are empowered with responsibility clarification and empowerment so too goes accountability. And core to all of that his decision rights. And we have a matrix as every company has a matrix, but we need to and I will explore the D if you will on a rapid between horizontals verticals and the deeper markets. There must be clarity in the matrix. I also really want to look at how we get after the sales opportunity and not just in terms of the CIO versus the rest of the C-suite where we in theory should be able to better leverage our CIO relationships to cross-sell into the CMO, the COO and indeed the CEO and shift ultimately from the run portion of the business which will always be under some degree of constraint into the optimization or transformation portion of the business, leveraging more of a shift to advisory and indeed our digital offerings. But we have to look at some of the basics as well customer segmentation, commission plans, accounts-based marketing all of these are critical to growth and it's important to get the basics right and of course as it expands our delivery model. So look in short I'm learning the business. With every passing week I get a little smarter, but I've got a lot to learn and I'm rolling my sleeves up as you can imagine with the team spending time with clients and they themselves will have a huge role to play in informing my priorities going forward.
Brian Humphries: Well, thank you, Keith. Let me first start with capital allocation because the M&A question is inherent in that. Look you can well imagine Keith, our Board of Directors and I will continue to evaluate our framework on an ongoing basis to ensure we're maximizing value for people like you and our shareholders generally. We do have a very strong balance sheet. At this moment in time, there is no change in our previously disclosed capital allocation framework. I will say more explicitly to the question on M&A, it has been and will continue to be a level of -- a lever to execute our strategy. I'm very clear in my mind that M&A is not a strategy, it is a means to execute a strategy. So, all acquisitions that come forward to me needs to be contextualized against our strategy and we need to have clear business ownership and sponsorship and a clean line of sight to integration. At the moment, we're not working on major acquisitions and I'm more historically favorable to tuck-in acquisitions as opposed to anything beyond that. And I do think we should be able to use those as a means to an end to drive further revenue growth in line with our strategic ambition. Back to the first part of your question which relates to the margins, look everybody knows I've been here five weeks, so I arrived in April 1st, the quarter was closed and immediately we started looking at the results and trying to decompose them down understanding what happened in the latter part of the quarter. By definition, I have been focused on what is a secular trend versus a cyclical trend, what is an external factor versus a Cognizant-specific factor? I'm pleased with the work that Karen and I have done to try to get below those as best we can. I'm obviously focused on putting guidance out there that I know we can actually execute against. And that will enable me to invest in the long-term health of the business to ensure we can drive shareholder value creation. So, at this moment in time, that's as much as I can say.
Brian Humphries: Yes. I think it's a good question and inherent in that is the notion of elasticity and also our position within clients in terms of where we stand, not just in legacy but also in the new. I've seen quite a lot of clients across three continents and I have approached those meetings very openly soliciting feedback on Cognizant, on our brand, on what we stand for, on our client teams and delivery and project management. I've tried to obviously in the same vein understand what those customers are working on. And I would say very clearly and consistently spend pressure continues on the run side of the business in Financial Services everywhere else kind of consistent theme. And all firms are fully aware of the do-or-die notion that digital disruption brings their way. So they are in a highly competitive market with legacy competitors as well as new. And so very often the message is, we have to find ways to get our investments down in legacy, free up dollars for investments in security, but also free up dollars for innovation, to enable them to better participate in the digital world, if you will. So there is spend, but it's not always where we would traditionally played. And so our task is to optimize our portfolio, being as efficient as possible in our legacy business, and better positioning ourselves then in the digital world. And that brings with it complications as well as opportunities. The nature of the contracts from longer-term contracts to more project-based contracts is the fact that we have to juggle with, the nature of the skills required to get at those opportunities and the relationships, how we get into the front door? How we leverage our strength with CIOs and strong customer NPS to sponsors with their CMO, COOs, CEOs? How we get the right skill sets? Who we talk to? How we talk to them? How we follow-up? What collateral to leave? You name it. It's fundamentally an opportunity for us, but also something we have to grow into and continue to flex our muscles in, as we become more of an advisory element. Cognizant Digital Business is really important to making that happen. Winning new logos of course will enable us to grow too. But more broadly, almost two-thirds of our business is in Financial Services and Healthcare, so it's important that we turn those businesses around. It's important that we buttress our North America business with further growth in global growth markets, which grew 12% in the first quarter. And, if we get all of those things right and invest for growth, I am confident that over time in a steady-state, we will be able to simultaneously deliver better margins and accelerated growth. At this moment in time, of course, we have a lot of work to do.
Brian Humphries: Well, let me first start with the latter question around Frank who's been nothing short of a gentleman in the transition period with me. And I've been delighted to have the opportunity to spend time with him and work with him. He’s somebody I reach out to almost on a daily basis to get guidance and counsel within the same vein. He's clear that he hasn't gone from the CEO role for the next three months or the next two months at this stage to move into an EVP or Executive Vice Chairman role and thereafter, will transition to the Board. And I'm sure will be available for me in non-operational capacity, but as a counselor as needed and as I choose to use. With regards to the process for forecasting and the Investor Day guidance and Q1 guidance, I can't really comment on the past. It's very clear obviously that, I understand the importance of setting expectations we can meet and consistency of earnings. It's something that I hold near and dear to my heart. We will continue to work to get rigor in our forecasting process and not just forecasting, but an annual budget process. Forecasts happen on a monthly basis, bottom up from accounts. But at the end of the day, we set a cost structure and we set leadership bonuses based on the annual budget. So we want to make sure we're rigorous, not just against forecasting and predictability of guidance, but also against the inherent plan as we enter a year.
Brian Humphries: Well, thanks, Karen. Well, first of all, it bifurcates. Obviously, Life Sciences has been very strong and grew double-digit, as we said. In the health care payer business, we've had a different story and certainly excluding some M&A, it's been slow. I would say, on a positive nature, health care is still about 18% of the nation's GDP and we're starting from a position of strength. So we need to understand, of course, we've had disappointing Healthcare results this quarter, but we need to do better. In the last few days, I've spent about three hours with CIOs of some of the largest Healthcare companies in the world. And the message I received was very clear. Help them on the run to optimize your opportunities, which optimize their run business and get cost savings and yet they are very open to embracing Cognizant under transformation and digital agenda, where we have so much opportunity. And so for us now and Malcolm in his new offer – in his role to get after those opportunities and make sure we bring our assets to bear in customers where we've historically had very strong customer satisfaction and growing business in prior years.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. Brian it's Karen. I'll take that. So I think, certainly as we've talked about for several quarters, the top five banking clients have been under pressure and we saw the nice recovery in two of the top five last year and that continues into this year. We haven't really seen any change of the profile of those clients or their behavior. But we did, as we said on the call in my comments see some pullback in the regional banking clients. Some of it was M&A as we’ve always talked about when there were acquisitions happening between clients particularly when both sides of the acquisition are clients of ours. We do tend to see some pullback as the deals are getting finalized and closed before integration spending, so there was a little bit of that in the quarter. But we saw some general softness at some of our other regional clients as well, not on a material basis in any individual client, but a number of small pullbacks across the industry. I think it's early to say what's happening in the broader market. But at this point I don't expect to see a significant recovery as we move into the back half of the year. But neither do we expect to see significant deterioration beyond what we've already seen with the three of the big five banking clients, but it was a little bit of a surprise in the quarter as we got further into it.
Karen McLoughlin: And I think Keith if I could just add to Brian's comments on capital allocation and acquisitions. As you'll recall at Investor Day what we outlined was a framework that on average in a given year, we would deploy 50% of our free cash flow for buybacks and dividends, 25% for M&A, and then 25% on average goes to India. But we continue to have a very strong balance sheet both with cash and excess capacity for debt if we needed the appropriate time for acquisitions or other investments.
Karen McLoughlin: Yes. So I think Bryan the way to think about it is that the revenue shortfall was clearly the biggest piece in the sense that we have ramped up hiring in Q4 and then the beginning of Q1 for the anticipated growth this year. And as you know it's hard to -- you can pull down the hiring, but once you have the people on board you need the revenue to support that. And when we gave guidance, while we did not give quarterly margin guidance certainly our Q1 margin does tend to be below the full year average. And so while the 16% adjusted operating margin was slightly below our own expectations we had expected that there would be a ramp of margins as we went through the year as revenue continued to build and as we were be able to deploy the headcount that we had bought on in Q4 and the early part of 2019. And I think what you'll see, as I’ve said in my comments that margins, there will be a little bit of a different seasonality this year. So margins -- adjusted operating margins in Q1 and Q2 will be roughly the same. Q2 tends to be our strongest margin quarter, but given the pullback of revenue and the headcount that we have on board now, Q2 margins will be similarly in line with Q1, but then we'll see the ramp as we get back into Q3 and Q4 and we can better align the cost structure to the revenue.
Karen McLoughlin: So, Darrin, it's Karen. So the digital, what we've said in my comments was that it's about a-third of revenue now. It grew low – above 20%, so – but low 20s, so consistent with where it was running towards the end of last year, so no real significant changes there.
Karen McLoughlin: It's Karen. So I don't – I think the behavior we saw in Q1 was really related primarily to the merger and acquisition activity that we've seen in Healthcare. So as we all know, there have been two very large mergers in the last few months. All four of those companies were clients of ours. And that was the majority of where we saw some pullbacks and where we expect see some deterioration, as we said, going into Q2 and sluggishness for the rest of the year. And then, we had one large client that did accelerate the move to a captive during the quarter. At this point, I think, it's more about those client-specific situations versus anything that might be happening in the broader regulatory environment with Healthcare. But I'll ask Brian to maybe add some color to that as well.
