Francisco D'Souza: Rod, it's Frank here. Thanks for the question, and certainly, Europe continued to show -- Q4 was impacted by short-term volatility in Europe, but I think you put your finger on the trend we're seeing. What we're seeing in general in Europe is that there's a mix shift going on as clients come under economic pressure. The discretionary spending is coming under pressure there, pushing projects out a little bit but, at the same time, shifting emphasis to a more cost-containment-type of initiatives around our more traditional outsourcing and managed services types of services. So as that mix shift continues and we shift the pipeline from discretionary spending more to the outsourcing or managed services types of engagement, we expect that in the coming quarters, there will be some continued volatility in our European results, and we've baked that into our 2012 guidance. So we are not assuming any recovery from here in our European results in our 2012 guidance.
Francisco D'Souza: Let me comment on what we're seeing with discretionary spending, and then I'll ask Gordon to talk a little bit about our assumptions for Europe and guidance. On discretionary spending in Europe, particularly, we don't see -- we are seeing some discretionary spending delays with clients. We -- I don't think there's a tremendous amount of downside from where we are right now to discretionary spending. But I think discretionary spending will continue to be lumpy for at least for the coming 2 quarters in Europe as that mix shift continues to play out from discretionary spending moving more towards outsourcing.
Francisco D'Souza: We do. When we look at our pipeline around the world, North America and Europe, obviously, being our largest markets, we don't have any significant concern about the size and health of our pipeline. We continue to see a strong, healthy pipeline of opportunities, both with new clients and with existing clients. As I said, during my prepared comments, our European new customer wins were healthy during the fourth quarter. We saw 14 new clients in the quarter in Europe. So we feel pretty good about both the health of our pipeline and our continued ability to take share from competition as we execute on what we think of as our differentiated approach broadly. But particularly, in Europe, where having strong local teams in the countries particularly in the continent, that's very important for local language and cultural issues.
Francisco D'Souza: Let me just give you sort of the macro picture, and then I'll ask Gordon, again, to comment specifically on the guidance topics. At the macro level, Europe is probably less penetrated from an outsourcing standpoint than from a discretionary spending standpoint. Historically, in Europe, over the last, let's say, decade or so, European customers have tended to outsource development in discretionary spending first and have not taken the more traditional application outsourcing or other kinds of managed services to an offer of global delivery model. So from an opportunity standpoint, I think that the opportunity in outsourcing in Europe is actually very, very large. And we're starting to see clients now turning their sights as they come under pressure to that opportunity and moving some of those types of activities to a global delivery model. In some countries in Europe, that shift takes a little bit of time because some of the European regulations and laws make that shift a little bit more tricky, particularly, the labor laws, and so it takes a little bit of time to work through those issues. But overall, I'm very optimistic about the opportunity and the trend we're seeing in outsourcing in Europe.
Francisco D'Souza: So a couple of points of color, Mayank, around budgets. First of all, as I said during the comments, we see this year as being a completely normal budget cycle. We're not seeing either in the U.S. or in North -- in Europe, excuse me, any significant delays in clients' budget cycles. So we view that at the start as being positive. When we look at the magnitude of budgets, overall, we're starting to see -- we expect them to be flat with a slight upward bias, particularly, in North America. So again, we consider that to be good. In terms of the composition of budgets, a few things. First of all, the share shift that we've been seeing for a long time of budgets increasingly towards the global delivery model continues. We're starting to see that, as I said, in Europe on the traditional IT outsourcing application maintenance side of the business, and we are continuing to see it around the world in operations budgets as clients start to look at Business Process Outsourcing more seriously from a global delivery model and, of course, from the IT infrastructures side of the business as well in the ITIS side of our business. So the share shift continues towards the global delivery model. In terms of the Horizon 3 offerings, as I said, many of our clients are starting to do what I would consider to be pilots or early deployments of Horizon 3-type of services, whether those are mobile or social or cloud or advanced analytics types of things, but we don't expect those to be significant revenue drivers for 2012 or beyond -- excuse me, for 2012. There'll be revenue drivers beyond that. The reason is that these are still relatively small clients who are dipping their toe in the water. But for 2012, while I expect to see a lot of activity in those areas, I don't think they're going to be significant revenue drivers.
Francisco D'Souza: I think regulatory and compliance work, it really depends on industries. Our 2 biggest industries, financial services and healthcare, continue to see a fair degree of impact from regulatory compliance. I think, in particular, we, in healthcare, we see a-- we've seen for some quarters now quite a lot of work relating to ICD-10, 5010 remediation, those types of things, and I think we'll continue to see some of that going into 2012 in healthcare. In financial services, I think it's still a little early to tell. We're starting to see the consulting work that we did with clients around the impact of regulations starting to translate into some work, but my expectations right now for revenue from regulatory compliance work and financial services is modest for 2012. That may change as we get more certainty around the regulations themselves, but at this point, we're making modest assumptions.
Francisco D'Souza: Let me try and put some color around this. I think we were disappointed with our results in Europe over the course of this year. We saw more volatility than we expected coming into 2011. During 2011, we saw more volatility than we expected coming into 2011. If you pare it back, I think there are a couple of different elements to it and may -- that sort of are overlaying each other. In the early half -- in the early part, let's say, the first half of last year, we were impacted by the ramp down of some M&A projects that we spoke to you about over a few quarters last year in a couple of the financial services institutions that we serve in Europe, and those -- in particular, in one client, which was a very large ramp-down situation. So that impacted our results. As we came into the back half of last year, what we saw was that with particularly with financial services clients, but to some extent with -- even with our life sciences clients. As the economic volatility in Europe became more intense, we did see cuts in discretionary spending. We saw our clients pull back a little bit. And as I said, we saw the start of that mix shift from discretionary spending over to more outsourcing or managed services types of work. We also saw, as I briefly mentioned in my script, a little bit of a shift of work with our large multinational, particularly, financial services clients of work outside of Europe. So clients shifted their base of operations from Europe largely to Asia Pacific when that happened in order to address some of the talent shortages issues in Europe. And so when we report that, we report that as Asia Pacific revenue to you, not as European revenue in those situations when that happens. So I think that was the second trend. We've looked at this in a lot of detail. I don't think we have fundamental execution issues in Europe. Clearly, we continue to build out some parts of Europe and continue to build out the front-end capability that I've talked about. But in the major markets of Europe, I think we're well-positioned. I think our teams on the ground are strong. Our pipeline is strong, and our win rates are good. So I think that beyond the build-out that we're continuing to do in places like the Nordics and so on, where we continue to invest, our presence is smaller in some of those countries, and we need a little bit more investment to beef those up. In the major markets, I think we're strong, and we continue to compete well.
Francisco D'Souza: I think you'll see our overall approach to acquisitions continuing to be as it's been in the past. We're focused on the tuck-in acquisitions. They work very, very nicely for us. We like that approach to doing acquisitions, to accelerate particular parts of the business. Of course, as we get bigger, as we've said in the past, our definition of what constitutes a tuck-in also gets larger. So in absolute terms, you might see us doing tuck-ins that are a little bit bigger than what we've done in the past. We're focused principally on the same areas that we have in the past, broadly looking at acquisitions that will accelerate our entry into new geographies, deepen our penetration in the industries that we serve. And then the third area would be acquisitions that will bring us into a new service line or deepen our penetration in an existing service line. I expect that in that third category, the new services, we would do acquisitions focused on the Horizon 3 services. So we're looking at areas like mobility, cloud, big data, analytics and so on, enterprise, social, and also acquisitions that have nonlinear characteristics to them. So this is, as I said, something that I personally plan to focus a lot of my attention on during 2012. And I think it's fair to say that we're taking a close look at acquisition opportunities in those areas.
Francisco D'Souza: Thanks, Gordon. I think we'll wrap up here. Thank you, everyone, for joining us, and thank you, Gordon and Karen. Congratulations to both of you in your new roles. I'm excited to work closely with our expanded leadership team as we continue to drive our long-term strategy of industry-leading growth. Thank you all for joining us this morning.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure, and let me just follow up on that. Rod, our guidance assumes continued healthy growth in North America. Q4 was great. We grew over 6% sequentially in North America. Obviously, Europe was weak. Our 2012 guidance assumes that Europe stays weak. We're not betting on a rebound in revenue for us. So I view it as that we expect North America to be healthy and Europe to be stable at a weak level.
Gordon J. Coburn: Yes, BFSI looks okay for 2012. We expect it to have good growth, certainly, not company average, given its deeper penetration rates of lower large numbers, but we expect it to be quite respectable. I think it will be more weighted towards health in North America than Europe. No question about that. But when I look at BFSI overall, we're feeling okay about it.
Gordon J. Coburn: That, I think, will be balanced. Our guidance assumes that there's a shift more towards maintenance, and as in similar years, we always want to be conservative on our expectations for development in a volatile economy. So our guidance assumes that maintenance is stronger than development.
Gordon J. Coburn: Let me just add to that a little bit because this is really an important point. Over the past 15 years, every economic downturn served as a catalyst to expand our addressable market, but there's a timing. There's a timing lag, and I think the timing lag may be a little bit more significant in Europe due to some of the labor and cultural issues. And that's why in our guidance for 2011, we assumed we don't see the benefit of that catalyst. But when we look at -- maybe if we get lucky, we start to see it late in the year, but we're not counting on it. But when we look over time, it's very clear to us that the economic challenges that the European community is facing right now is leading to an openness to global sourcing, and we are clearly a player in that. It's just a question of how quickly does it kick in and ramp up.
Gordon J. Coburn: The end result came pretty close to where we were expecting. At the conferences in late November, early December, we were being very clear, there's no budget flush. If I parse it out a little bit, North America was a little stronger than I expected. Europe was a little bit weaker, but the net outcome was within a tolerance level in the ballpark that we were expecting.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. So I think the one area where you're seeing a general trend towards weakness is in the pure-play investment banks and the investment banking divisions of the multinationals. Once you go beyond that, demand's actually reasonably healthy.
Gordon J. Coburn: Yes, Ed, this is an issue we've spent a lot of time looking at because we were surprised at how favorable Q4 attrition was, and I think the answer is it's a little of both. So overall, the industry has come down a bit, but we're running with -- once you kind of normalize how everyone counts it, we're running with about as big a gap between us and the rest of the field as we've ever had. So I think part of it is just supply catching up with demand, and some of that is everyone shifting back towards the college hiring. But then I think what's unique to Cognizant is our growth rate. We promoted a far more significant percentage of our population in 2011 quite simply because we were growing faster. So people are seeing that their career growths can be more positively impacted at Cognizant. So I think it's a little of both, part the market, but I think the bigger part of is what's specifically happening at Cognizant.
Gordon J. Coburn: Yes, so let's break it into 2 pieces. For operating expenses, the cash flow hedges, which is a big part of our hedges, that is reflected in operating income. We actually had a loss in Q4. Obviously, that loss will either be smaller swing to a positive in Q1. So the movement in the rupee does not have a particularly significant impact on our operating margin because we're so heavily hedged. We're by far the most heavily hedged in the industry. It does generate some gains and losses below the line, but those tend not to be material. And as I mentioned, our guidance assumes that there is no FX gain or loss below the line, but our guidance does include the cash flow hedges which show up above the line.
Gordon J. Coburn: Yes, so Bryan, I think you're thinking about it absolutely correctly, and you said the key thing. This is a normal pattern. If I look at last year, we jumped from about 4% growth up to 8% growth between Q1 and Q2, and it stayed about 8% for Q3. So to have Q2 be substantially stronger than Q1 is a normal pattern. Let me explain why. Clients tend to finish their budget cycles in early February, which means January tends to be weak because they don't release the new budget dollars. And what you see is a pattern. January weak, February is modest and March tends to be good, and then, obviously, you have the full quarter impact in the second quarter. So this -- when we look at reaching the 23% growth, this, I would view as a very normal pattern.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. So to exceed the 23%, that really will be driven by discretionary spending, and we've been conservative on our assumptions, and we've been very conservative on our just assumptions for Europe, obviously. But even in North America, we've been conservative about our assumptions for discretionary spending. So that's one that'll play out or not play out as the year goes on. And as you know, discretionary spending is one. If it happens, it can ramp-up fairly quickly, but we certainly don't want to get ahead of ourselves on discretionary spending because we don't have the visibility on that yet, simply due to the economy.
Gordon J. Coburn: And Moshe, very importantly, in 2011, obviously, when we were early in the year, we were expecting a rebound in Europe in the back half of the year, and that was baked into our guidance. Fortunately, North America really stepped up, and it covered the fact that Europe did not happen. As we look to 2012, we are not expecting a rebound in the back half of the year for Europe. If it happens, great, but we learned our lesson a bit last year. We realized it's a volatile economy, so we’re taking a fairly conservative view of Europe coming into this year.
Gordon J. Coburn: We grew 6.1% sequentially in Q4. That exceeded our expectations. It was huge. North America is very healthy for us.
Gordon J. Coburn: So historically, vendor consolidation has been very good for us, and I think that's a trend that will continue. Customers more and more are seeing the value of strong offshore delivery with a competitive price point combined with very deep domain knowledge. And you saw that in the number of accounts that we had that were north of $100 million. We got up to 13 accounts. We grew it by 30%, so we're feeling very good about vendor consolidation. Pricing, obviously, will not be as robust as 2011, as we've said, on the last couple of calls because coming into 2011, everyone was eligible. Clearly, not everyone is eligible now. So yes, I view pricing as stable with an upward bias, but I would not want to set expectations that it will be average price across all clients will be anywhere close to where it is. And with that, I see we're a little over 9:00, so let me turn it back over to Francisco.
