Francisco D'Souza: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining us today. Cognizant's third quarter performance was strong with revenues of $2.31 billion, a sequential increase of 6.7%, an increase of 21.9% year-over-year. Our non-GAAP operating margin was slightly above our target range at 20.4% for the quarter. On the back of our strong second quarter performance, we are extremely pleased with this solid third quarter. As a result, for the second time this year, we are raising our full year revenue guidance. We now expect 2013 revenues of at least $8.84 billion, which would represent industry-leading growth year-on-year of at least 20.3%. Growth was broad-based across our portfolio of industries, services and geographies, showing, once again, that we are staying relevant to changing client needs. The results also validate our strategy. Our singular focus in the market around helping clients running better and running different is working and our discipline of internal focus embodied in our 3-Horizon model is also working. With solid execution against our strategy, this quarter, we were able to grow market share in new discretionary programs and drive faster-than-expected ramp-up in a number of outsourcing deals won in prior quarters, resulting in quarterly performance, which was stronger than we anticipated. Gordon will provide an update on our 3-Horizon model in a few minutes, including our progress in new markets, new technologies and new delivery models. I'd like to now spend some time on the running better, running different client strategy. Clients are looking for service partners who can address their dual mandate of driving greater performance from the current business while improving the positioning of their businesses for the future. We are hearing this on the ground in our engagements and we have also heard it during the various Cognizant community client events that we have hosted around the world this year. We remain well-positioned to address this dual mandate. On one side of the dual mandate, we are working to aggressively reduce clients' total cost of ownership and generate higher levels of productivity by leading many of our clients to best-in-class delivery models with corresponding managed services and output-based commercial models. Our ability to drive results in our traditional areas of business has attracted good recognition amongst research analysts, sourcing advisers and consultants. For example, recently, Gartner positioned us in the Leaders quadrant of their 2013 Magic Quadrant for CRM Service Providers worldwide. The Everest Group recently recognized Cognizant as a global leader and star performer in their peak matrix for health care, payer, IT outsourcing for 2013. And IDC recognized Cognizant as a leader in life sciences sales and marketing IT services in the IDC MarketScape. These forms of recognition demonstrate our ability to help clients on important business and IT issues. On the other side of the dual mandate, we continue to engage with an increasing number of CIOs and other C level executives, who are struggling with the pace of change in their industry or who want to rethink their business models. Transformation is high on their agenda. At the core of many of these client conversations is SMAC. SMAC, as you know, stands for social, mobile, analytics and cloud. While SMAC provides a challenge to some clients' business models, it also creates tremendous opportunities for them to generate business value. For example, there is growing interest in using SMAC technologies to develop better one-to-one relationships with customers or leverage smart connected products. These opportunities to generate business value go beyond the IT of SMAC into other Horizon 3 areas such as new delivery models like Cognizant BusinessCloud solutions, which Gordon will elaborate on later. These are innovative solutions to clients' transformation needs, and we are pleased with our ability to help clients on these topics and meaningfully impact both their bottom and top lines. I'd like to hand it over to Gordon to discuss our performance, and then to Karen to provide more financial details. I'll return later on for the Q&A. Over to you, Gordon.
Francisco D'Souza: Ashwin, it's Frank. Why don't I take that question. We've been talking for quite some time now about the infrastructure business. It's one of our, what we call, our Horizon 2 businesses along with business process and our management consulting business. And for some time now, it has been growing at a healthy rate, faster than company average and we continue to see good growth from that business and, in fact, from our entire Horizon 2 portfolio going forward. The -- as we've said in the past, our approach with infrastructure services is primarily an asset-light approach. That's not to say that we don't have some infrastructure and some hardware and physical capabilities, data center and otherwise within the infrastructure business. But by and large, our approach is to focus on what we think of as next-generation infrastructure management, which is around asset-light and cloud-based offerings, which tend to be much less asset-intensive and, therefore, much less capital-intensive than the traditional infrastructure business. As it relates to the public sector business that Gordon talked about, that is one of our new Horizon 3 initiatives. It falls into the bucket of new markets that we've been pursuing. And we've been quite pleased with our progress there. As Gordon said, we won a number of new clients over the last 12 or 18 months in that space, and what we're really focusing on there as an entry point is to focus on areas of the public sector in the U.S. and other parts of the world that are adjacent to other parts of Cognizant's core business, particularly health care and financial services. As you know, governments around the world have different initiatives around health care and financial services and, because of our commercial experience in those areas, we find those are good opportunities for us to leverage that knowledge into serving the public sector. So we continue to expect to see growth in that. It's still emerging in a relatively small part of the overall business, as most of our Horizon 3 offerings are, but one that we think has tremendous growth potential going forward.
Francisco D'Souza: Joe, I don't think there's anything new for us to say on the immigration front. We continue to track the issue carefully, to participate actively in the conversations in Washington. There's been some new activity in the House of Representatives, and we're continuing to track and follow and participate in that. As we've said in the past, we think that -- obviously, we're supporters of immigration reform. We think that things that are -- that immigration reform will be good for the country. We hope that the bill will come out in a play. So if there is legislation that comes out into plays that's good for the country, good for our clients and, therefore, will be good for Cognizant. And we'll continue to update you as things go along, but I don't have much new information to give you this quarter.
Francisco D'Souza: We've said several times in the past that our -- and there hasn't really been a change in our overall approach and philosophy in that we look to do acquisitions to add specific capabilities, to expand in new geographies or to deepen our experience or expertise in a particular industry. Those are sort of the 3 screens we use. Ideally, a company, a target that we look at would have several of those attributes. The -- we've also said that our approach to acquisition is to look at tuck-in acquisitions. Obviously, as we get bigger, our definition of what constitutes a tuck-in acquisition gets bigger correspondingly. The C1 acquisition, for example, this year, was a little bit bigger than what we've done in the past. I think you'll start to see that -- or you'll see that trend continue -- for us to continue to do tuck-ins, but they'll be a little bit bigger. I also think that given all the changes in social, mobile, analytics and cloud, our focus on the Horizon 3 areas and so on, you'll see us focusing, as we go into 2014, in those areas. So I would say that there may be a modest uptick in the number of transactions that we would do as we go into next year to respond to some of the changes that are going on in the marketplace. But the philosophy of what we do and how we approach acquisitions will remain consistent as it has been in the past.
Francisco D'Souza: Mayank, I don't think this is something that -- to the extent that it's happening, I don't think it's something that's new in the marketplace. I think the data that you're referring to is, refers to this trend that we've seen for some time now of the very, very large megadeals getting broken up into sort of what I think of as smaller best-of-breed types of deals, and that's a trend that we've seen going on for a long time. So we play very well in that trend because, as you know, we're very focused in certain areas of the market, whether those are industries of service lines, and we compete very well. So as these big deals get broken up and get rebid out as smaller piece-parts deals, that tends to benefit us. Again, I want to make sure that I'm clear here. I don't view that as a new trend, that's something that's been going on for several years now. We are seeing a number, perhaps more of those deals coming up for rebid because, typically, those large deals were 5- to 10-year life deals. And so, I think you'll see more of those come up for rebid in the coming years. And I think that will continue to benefit firms like Cognizant.
Francisco D'Souza: I think -- it's a good question. I think the easiest way to think about this is that while in general there are some parts of our business where a movement to cloud reduce -- creates lower total cost of ownership for the client and, therefore, a potentially smaller revenue opportunity for Cognizant over the life of that client system. What's also happening is that as businesses become more IT-intensive, the number of units is going up. So you sort of think of it as, in some parts of our business, we see contracts perhaps getting smaller, but numbers of contracts getting larger. And so in the net, we think that the market is actually growing and we think that, as we look to IT spend for next year based on the early indications that we've had talking to clients, we think that IT budgets will have a slight upward bias going into next year. So we don't see a material reduction in the size of the opportunity available to us as a result of the cloud. We just think that the complexion changes a little bit from what it's been in the past.
Francisco D'Souza: As I said earlier, our acquisition approach remains the same as it's been historically. As we look at new capabilities, which has always been one of our acquisition screens, certainly SMAC is one of the important areas there that we continue to look at. Look, I think we've got -- we've had a very early -- we've a head start. We started early in the SMAC area. In fact, I think we were one of the first firms to talk about SMAC as a concept. So I don't really think we're going to need to acquire our way into what I think of as the bread-and-butter SMAC business. I think we've got very strong positions in those businesses at this point. And I think we're competitively well positioned there. But of course, we're continuing to push forward. We look at, as Gordon talked about, the business cloud platforms. We're looking at advanced analytics capabilities. We're looking at third and fourth generation mobile technologies. And as we look at those, we clearly look at acquisitions where they make sense to bolster our capabilities there. But I feel very strongly that the core of our SMAC offerings are solid.
Francisco D'Souza: I think with the caveat that we have, the normal Q4 seasonality that we see every year, I think that demand, the discretionary demand, appears to be sustainable going forward. When you look at the markets in which we operate, the U.S., the Europe and now, increasingly, the Middle East and Asia, the economies in these parts of the world have stabilized. Clients are turning their attention back to this dual mandate that we've talked about, the idea of continuing to drive cost savings while investing in innovation and growth. And as I've said earlier, the early indications and the conversations that we've had with clients around 2014 budgets appear to indicate that budgets will have a modest upward bias going into next year. So overall, it feels to me like the demand environment is stable. I would say it's stronger than it was a couple of quarters ago. And I think that, as best as I can see, will continue be the case for the coming quarters.
Francisco D'Souza: I think the overall market, Rod, is not -- is growing low single-digits. IT and operations budgets are growing sort of, depending on which part of the world you're looking in the 1% to 4% -- 3%, 4% range. So that -- if you look at the big market, that's how I would characterize it. Of course, the trend from which we've been benefiting over several years now has been a greater shift of that existing spend to the global delivery model. And that continues to be a strong trend in North America, in Europe and in the other parts of the world where we operate. So I think from a -- the standpoint of movement to a global delivery model, penetration rates remain relatively low still. And so we continue to expect a healthy growth in that respect. And so, we continue to expect that the -- there'll be good solid growth in the business. Now when I look at the second part of your question, obviously, we've said before, right, the -- when you look at the law of large numbers, clearly, percentage growth rates will come down over time, that's just an outcome of the law of large numbers. But when you look at absolute opportunity for us to gain share, I think, the company is still extremely well positioned. I think we -- the strategy of reinvestment that we've had of keeping our operating margins within a stable range and reinvesting back into the business for growth continues to pay off. And for the foreseeable future, I expect that to continue to be the case.
Francisco D'Souza: I think -- it's Frank. Let me -- I think that the short answer to your question is yes, we are starting to see discretionary spending pick up in Europe, the U.K. and the Continent. Probably a little stronger in the U.K. than over in the continent but still good signs, promising signs in the Continent. I think, though, that given the environment in the Continent, both from the perspective of what's going on in the economy and also the penetration rates question with -- where companies in Continental Europe have -- are by -- on average have moved less work to the global delivery model. We continue to also see healthy demand in the sort of traditional outsourcing types of businesses on the Continent. The last thing I'll say about Europe is, and I think just to reiterate a point Gordon made earlier, that the C1 Group acquisition has really significantly improved our competitiveness in Germany both on outsourcing and on discretionary development kinds of work. And so I think that, that gives us a platform to capture some of this discretionary and -- so more run-the-business kinds of demand that we're seeing out there.
Francisco D'Souza: All right. Thanks, everybody, and thanks for joining us today and for your questions. I think it's fair to say that we're happy with this quarter's performance and our prospects for the remainder of the year, and we look forward to seeing you again next quarter. Thanks.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure, Tien-tsin, happy to do so. First of all, keep in mind, we're going to grow at least 20.3% this year, which is an acceleration from last year's growth, even though it's off of a higher base. No different than prior years, Q4 tends to be seasonally slower. We clearly do not anticipate a budget flush this year. And as our retail practice continues to grow, as you all know, retail tends to be quite slow in the fourth quarter due to the lockdown of systems around the holiday. So there's nothing unusual in Q4 for us. If you look historically, this guidance is sort of generally in line with what we tend to do, but certainly, we'd see no budget flush. But I wouldn't read that into anything other than it's a normal seasonal Q4.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. It's something that we've put a lot of thought into it. As you know, in recent years, we've reported our PSU grants at 8-K filing in early December. Prospectively, we do not plan to file an 8-K for ordinary grants to our officers. Obviously, we'll continue to comply fully with all 8-K disclosures. The reason we're doing this is, clearly, in the last couple of years, there's been the trend among most companies not to disclose this information and there's no requirement, obviously, to do so. Disclosing the revenue targets for the awards has taken on a bit of a life of its own in recent years in terms of people extrapolating the PSU targets to be a proxy for subsequent year revenue guidance. Given that we haven't completed our budgeting process at the time we do the PSU grants, we think it's more appropriate to provide our thoughts on 2014 in February when our budgeting process is complete. But let me be very clear on this so there's no confusion. The -- our expectations regarding next year's growth prospects have no bearing whatsoever on our decision to no longer disclose the PSU metrics. And we fully intend, as part of our normal practice, in February to give 2014 guidance.
Gordon J. Coburn: So the trend towards fixed-price is a long-term trend, it's one we believe very strongly in, as the overall business model moves away from traditional input-based structures to more of output-based and managed services and SOA base, so we like moving towards fixed-price contracts. We push our clients towards that. Obviously, you have a wider scattergram of results, by definition. But on average, we're certainly pleased with the profitability on it because it gives us the ability to share in the productivity gains that we can deliver and the efficiency gains. So it won't be a steady movement up, obviously, quarter-to-quarter. But over time, I would certainly expect it to move up and something we're pushing for. It's a win-win for us and our clients.
Gordon J. Coburn: I would not think about it as a budget flush, but there's a one-time surge. But a lot of that surge will be ongoing because the work we're doing isn't just put it in place and walk away, but it's the ongoing support. But definitely, there was a surge that kicked in, in Q3.
Gordon J. Coburn: But if you look over the last 6 months or so, clearly, there's a far greater understanding in Washington related to some of the clauses that were of concern to us and far greater understanding about how it could hurt American competitiveness. So with the tone of discussions are -- have changed a bit and we certainly view that as a positive.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. I'm happy to -- obviously, it's not appropriate for us to comment on another company. But as we've said many times in the past, we have an extraordinarily robust process for our visa integrity. We have separate groups that do visa processing and visa compliance, with the visa compliance group reporting to the general counsel, so we have multiple layers of checks and balances to make sure we are both following the letter and the spirit of the law. And no, we have not been approached in any way related to this topic.
Gordon J. Coburn: The wage increases were roughly what we anticipated and had been indicating to the market for a while. Low single-digits on-site, upper single-digits offshore, so it landed right where we expected. I don't have the exact calculation of the gets and takes because, obviously, you have attrition and pyramid shifts and so forth. But no surprises on wages.
Gordon J. Coburn: And let me just add to that, we're really getting quite good at integration of these acquisitions and capturing the revenue synergies. Look at C1, within a matter of months, we were winning new logos that we would not have won without them for a broad range of services. So we're learning how to really capture the value from acquisitions in terms of both strength in the core business and strength in the business of the acquired company.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. We're pretty much where we want to be on utilization now. It took us a couple of quarters to get to where we want to be. We had a big jump in Q3. So I would expect it would level off now. You'll have timing differences because when college gets joined because, obviously, you can't bill right away. So -- but on a more steady-state basis, we're roughly where we want to be on utilization.
Gordon J. Coburn: I'm not -- I think that's probably -- we think we're growing and materially faster than our addressable market. We're growing 20% this year. NASSCOM's number is 12%, that doesn't seem unreasonable.
Gordon J. Coburn: So I think it's several things. One, we've really become an outlier in doing so. There's obviously no requirement to and we are one of a small number of companies that do so. Some of it is investor feedback. And then I think a very important part of it is we're not done with the budget cycle yet. So -- and it starts to take on a little bit too much of a life of its own in terms of it was a marquee event, and I'm not sure that was healthy. But as I said, let me reiterate it, don't view us as not providing that information anymore in any way, shape or form, a comment on our growth prospects for the future. We just think it's more appropriate to give guidance in February, which is in line with virtually everyone else in the industry who gives guidance.
Gordon J. Coburn: Clearly, it doesn't happen overnight. What Equinox has gotten us in France and C1 has gotten us in Germany is we now have a solid local presence of nationals in each country. And that's very important in those 2 countries. Equinox -- obviously, we just closed C1. We are starting to win deals, but you don't go -- you don't become a market leader overnight. So it's a path that takes many, many quarters. Do we need to do additional acquisitions in those countries? That's not clear. Certainly, I think with what we have now, it gives us the platform to work off of -- will we always look for additional things? Absolutely. But we don't want to bet our business on. We have to find something.
Gordon J. Coburn: I would -- from everything I'm seeing at this point, I would expect Q4 attrition to be below Q3. Certainly, September and October were much better than July and August.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. On consulting, what -- we're seeing value creation across all of our industries. We've invested very heavily in consulting. These are industry-specific consultants, so we're really quite proud of what we're seeing in virtually all of the industries. So I'm not sure I would hold up one as consult is more important than others. We've never given growth rates for Horizon 2. I think, last year, we mentioned it's now about 20% of revenue. Yes, from time to time, we may give an update. That business, in aggregate, over time we certainly expect to grow faster than company average. And I think operator, we have time for 1 final question.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. We don't break out monthly attrition but clearly, there was a nice downward trend in September and October. Because remember, there's about a 1 month lag effect from when we put programs in because people in the pipeline to leave -- would have left. So we were certainly feeling that we're headed in the right direction. And remember, this is not the first time we've had a spike in attrition over the years. We understand how to deal with it. No, I think we did the right level of wage increases. It was in line with the industry. We had some work to do on communications. We had some work to do to make sure we're sharing the success of the company. And our belief is our employees should share in the success of the company both in revenue and in terms of optimizing the business. So I think we've gotten the message across clearly to our employees.
