Karen McLoughlin: This is Karen. I think we've been very thoughtful around cost management this year. We knew going into 2017 based on the work that we did late last year that there were opportunities to more effectively manage our SG&A spend, particularly around the corporate functions and we've talked about things like facilities and other costs within SG&A. So, well, SG&A overall was down in terms of dollars, Q3 versus Q3 of last year. We're very comfortable that we have protected the investments that we need to make to continue to grow the business. And, I think you'll see SG&A move around a little bit from quarter-to-quarter as we continue on that path. In terms of gross margin, it is obviously trending a little bit lower than where it had been. Part of what happened in Q3 or a significant part of what happened is that we did take up our variable compensation accrual rates during the quarter. Obviously, the business has performed very well this year. It's been a tough year for a lot of our folks as we've gone through a lot of this transition and so we wanted to ensure that, as we move into next year that we can pay out good variable compensation for the year. So that did put some pressure on the Q3 gross margin as of the year-to-date catch up. What you'll see as we move into Q4 is that raises and promotions will kick in, in Q4 effective in October. Typically that's been in the July timeframe, we did defer that this year with all the transition happening in the company. And then as you said, as we move into 2018 and beyond we'll continue to manage to the operating margin targets that we've set for the organization.
Karen McLoughlin: So thanks Brian, so the TMG deal did close towards the end of the third quarter. So there's a small amount of revenue in Q3 for that transaction. As you may know the vast majority of that work is with one client and then there were a number of other third-party clients as part of that contract. It will start to move towards a steady-state essentially in Q4. We have not broken out the size of the transaction. But it is essentially straight line revenue for the next two years and then it will move to more of a transaction based pricing model in the future. There's a combination of contract structures in that deal, but roughly speaking it will be straight line for the next few quarters of revenue.
Karen McLoughlin: I think a move that remains to be seen what happens if some of those deals go through, the Aetna CVS deal for example. I think it's early to tell at this point.
Karen McLoughlin: Keith, let me break that into a few pieces. In terms of the Q4 margin, we are guiding to a slightly lower Q4 margin than Q3 that is because of the raises and promotions that will kick in in October that's typically about 100 basis points of margin decline. We have obviously not paid all of that into our guidance because we will continue to see some of the benefits occurring from the cost optimization that we've taken so far. So that's what's pushing down the Q4 margins. As we move into 2018 and beyond. We haven't really said that you know we haven't made a statement one way or the other frankly about headcount and what will happen to headcount next year. Margin improvement as we move into 2018 and then into 2019, 2018 will be a continuation of the cost savings that we generated this year and a number of those cost savings didn't start until the mid-summer timeframe. So we'll get the full-year benefit of that. There are additional cost saving opportunities that we continue to look at, whether it be around facilities or travel or other types of expenses as well as headcount and what that means going forward. And then as we move further into '18 and into 2019, we have said that a lot of the margin improvement would come from the shift in the business towards the higher, you know, continuing to move towards higher margin digital business as well as CPaaS, our platform business becomes a larger part of the organization and starts to mature and starts to reach strong margin profile in that business as well.
Karen McLoughlin: So Lisa, I think that's fair in a sense. I think with utilization what we've always said is that as the business continues to grow and mature that utilization rate should continue to trend upwards over time. At 93% onsite we can run the business very comfortably. I think you can get to 94, maybe 95, not sure we can get above 95 on a consistent basis. Certainly offshore as we continue to grow we think there's opportunity to continue to take up utilization. It won't be quarter to quarter, but certainly over the long term that trend line should move upwards. I think as you mentioned another one of the big levers we've been looking at is the pyramid. Historically, we have had a more top heavy pyramid than our peer group and in part to the business that makes a lot of sense, and other parts of the business we think there's opportunity to optimize that. We are also starting to see things like automation kick in both on the delivery side of the organization as well as in our corporate function. So if I look at my finance organization for example, we're using automation to help streamline some of our processes in the organization which allows us to scale the business without having to add headcount. So I think you'll see a number of those opportunities over the next three years.
Karen McLoughlin: So we did not break out the percentage of digital revenue this quarter. As you may remember last quarter we said it was about 26% of revenue, it continues to grow upwards of 25% year-over-year and continues to become a larger part of the business each quarter. One of the things we've also been looking at with Raj referred to in his comments about the FS is that we're seeing very nice traction nearly across all of the business units and all of the industry. So continue to see very good progress there and will continue to update as there's relevant information on that metric.
Karen McLoughlin: Moshe, this is Karen, let me just sort of wrap that. I think as both Frank and Raj talked like strong digital business and banking, I think it is too early to say whether or not that results in a net increase in growth in 2018. We're not making any commentary right now on 2018 or whether we continue to see the shift that we've been seeing with the banks today which is they take money from one pocket in terms of their legacy spend or their business as usual spend and redirect that spend to digital. How that balance plays out in 2018 I think it's too early to tell.
Karen McLoughlin: So Darrin, this is Karen, let me start and Raj and Frank can join in if necessary. We start with the capital allocation question around the buyback, as you mentioned that we completed the ASR in Q3. We have also committed that between now and the end of 2018, we'll allocate another $1.2 billion back to a buyback program we haven't defined that we'll provide more color on that in an appropriate time. We have not broken out the dollars that we're committing towards M&A. But certainly in our capital allocation strategy we have we've held a nice fair amount for M&A deals. We've talked now for some time about ramping up the volume of those deals. And obviously we've been doing that closed or find rather not closed two deals last week. And certainly our pipeline of M&A deals is quite active and so we would expect to continue to ramp up that volume of deals. And we will keep a nice balance between returning cash to shareholders services both organic and inorganic growth for the organization. In terms of TMG and Emblem, so Emblem as you said did start to lap in the middle of Q3. So small incremental year-over-year revenue growth for Emblem and then in Q4 that will fully lap. And then TMG as we said we haven't broken out the size of the TMG relationship, but it did start in the last part of the third quarter and we'll obviously ramp to full scale in Q4. In terms of overall organic versus inorganic growth, the inorganic growth in 2017 is very small. We had a couple of [indiscernible] so forth, which were all very small deals that we've closed over the last 12 months, a very small percentage of growth this year has been from inorganic.
Karen McLoughlin: So Anil, we obviously haven't given 2018 guidance yet, but you should expect to see some benefit next year and then the last part of it will be in 2019.
Raj Mehta: Look Brain, I think over our healthcare - healthcare just remains strong for us. Nothing or any conversations or impacts right now of any potential acquisitions, I think overall as you know we've invested a lot in our healthcare business. We see strong growth in both the mid-size payers along with large payer company out there. In addition to that we continue to see a lot of opportunities on our BPaaS solutions.
Raj Mehta: Jim thanks, this is Raj here. So look at overall financial services, its strong growth that we're seeing on the insurance space clients. Continued a lot of work in terms of digital and obviously looking at new areas in terms of continued optimizing work that we're doing at those clients. The banks it's a mixed story, I mean we're you know as I mentioned earlier, we're seeing double-digit growth on the regional banks. But some of the challenges that exist on these large money center banks that we have and there there's I guess a tale of two stories, right. There's obviously there is continual focus on the cost optimization. And they're obviously leveraging that to free up some of the dollars in terms of investing on the digital side of the business. Now the good news is, obviously we're engaged in many of those digital opportunities with those banks. And actually our digital revenues is growing at those banks in line with the rest of the company as well too. But we haven't seen there an influx of new budgets, obviously we're seeing the whole focus of in terms of continued optimization, freeing up dollars and investing on the digital side.
Raj Mehta: So look it's a little bit too early right now to start looking into 2018. Obviously I think the bigger opportunity comes as what we've always talked about is digital scale. And many of these large money center banks we have numerous engagements going on. But I think as those opportunities become larger that's when we have an opportunity to see back to the growth that we've gotten accustomed to at those banks.
Raj Mehta: I would just add to Frank's comments, I think we've obviously seen a lot of traction around our BPaaS solutions. And then strong growth in the payers rate as well. But I think as we move look out, as the healthcare industry continues to evolve, you're starting to see a lot of providers, large providers come up with the own plans. And I think that's a good opportunity for us as well with Evolution, obviously there are showing a lot of interest in our BPaaS solution as well. So I think we're well positioned and continue to look forward for next year.
Francisco D'Souza: I'll talk a little bit about the overall plan. I think we're roughly right on track right where we expected to be. I think about the transition or the shift to digital in two pieces that sort of the services that we offer to clients. And I think we continue to make great progress there. I'll let Karen comment on the overall digital revenue, it grew again double digit - at a double digit pace much ahead company average this quarter. The two acquisitions that we announced a few days ago Netcentric and Zone add to that capability. And we feel good about the transition of the service mix to digital. I think it's also important that just to note that as we've said before that today our portfolio if you look at the entire portfolio of digital revenue it is running at a higher margin than the rest of the business. So overall just a very healthy mix shift going on and I think that that will continue to unfold through 2018 and beyond. The other side of that - of this transition that we talked about when we laid out the plan for you a few quarters ago, at the beginning of this year is on the margin improvement side. And I think we've demonstrated there that we're well on track there. This year, if anything I think we're a little bit ahead of where we thought we'd be. That's good. And we'll continue to, you know, we feel very comfortable as Karen said in her prepared remarks with a target of 22% by 2019. And I think we'll just keep executing on that. And I'll turn it Karen to talk about percent of digit revenue.
Francisco D'Souza: Having said that, Moshe it's Frank, I think it's worth adding one additional piece of color for you which is that, Karen mentioned that last quarter digital revenue as a percent of total company revenue was about 26%. We are right around there in financial services as well. So this isn't a story of we're waiting for digital revenue and financial services to convert. We're already doing a substantial amount of work in digital, in financial services. So I don't think by any stretch that we are not a significant player in financial - in the digital aspects of financial services as these big money center banks start to think about and start to execute on their digital plans.
Francisco D'Souza: Again, I want to separate. We are already doing a considerable amount of work. So, yet there are deals that if they convert could be significant going down the road, but we are already - the point I was making, Moshe, is that today digital is already and financial services is roughly in line with our company average. So think about the 26% number, we're right around there in financial services. So we're already doing a considerable amount of work in digital and financial services.
Francisco D'Souza: Look I think Arvind, I'll turn it, I'll let Raj answer as well, but it's Frank. Look I think changes is, change plays to our strengths actually. As the healthcare market changes and evolves we have just sort of a very strong end to end portfolio of service offerings whether that's consulting to help our clients figure out what they need to do to respond to the changes, whether that's operating in terms of our BPaaS offerings and our ability to run core parts of the operation for our client or whether that's on the technology front as they think about modernizing and digitizing their technology backbone. I think we're very well positioned both at the business model, the operating model and the technology model level. So as these changes come to healthcare given that we have such a strong portfolio of assets both software assets, intellectual property in the form of our people and capabilities. I think you put that together and we're very - we feel like we're very well positioned for healthcare going forward.
Francisco D'Souza: It's Frank, let me take that. When closed the two acquisitions will become part of the Cognizant digital business practice area. So recall that as I said in my prepared remarks, we have - and Raj talked about as well, three big practice areas, Cognizant Digital Business, Cognizant Digital Operations and Cognizant Digital Systems and Technology, these two acquisitions will become part of Cognizant Digital Business. We will continue to let them operate relatively independently, but of course we have a synergy plan which is largely focused on revenue synergies around taking their capabilities and taking those to a broad range of Cognizant clients. We do a tremendous amount of marketing work today for our clients across all three practice areas. So in Cognizant Digital Business, we're doing marketing work that relates to content, content creation, marketing, marketing strategy, channels those kinds of things. In Cognizant Digital Operations we're doing marketing related work that's largely around content and content management, content creation, and curation that Raj spoke a little bit about in his prepared remarks. And in Cognizant Digital Systems and Technology, we're doing a lot of marketing work that you can think about in the broad area of marketing technology, right. So across all of our three practice areas, we're doing a significant amount of marketing related work. These acquisitions in a sense will allow us to put a front end on a lot of that work that we're doing and take that to a client in a more integrated and holistic way. And so that's broad plan. So we'll run them relatively independently, let them continue to do the great work that they've been doing for their clients. We'll execute on the revenue synergy by bringing them - largely by bringing them into our clients. We think there maybe some opportunity to cross-sell our traditional services into their clients and we'll continue to execute on that going forward.
Francisco D'Souza: Yeah, I think what I was referring to when I talked about repeatable is the sort of the solution packages and solution offerings that we're creating which we've been talking to you about in the past things like our BPaaS offerings and so on and so forth. By combining sort of our services and software capabilities increasingly together, we're creating these - think of them as solution offerings capabilities that we take to the market. We've always as a company tracked repeat business from our existing clients. And I think that's where you'll really start - where you really see it continue to play out is repeat business from our existing clients because that's going to be the metric that we focus on is to say, are we continuing to be relevant to our existing clients. And to be relevant to our existing clients, we've got to continue to innovate, we've got to continue to find new sources of value and that shows up in repeat business because every year or every period, our clients are assessing the work we're doing for them and they're choosing to give us new work based on the relevance of that work. So the metric that we use internally is repeat business from our existing customer base which is the metric we've been tracking from the beginning as far as I can remember.
Francisco D'Souza: Well, thanks very much. Look everyone thanks again for joining us today and thanks for your questions. We're pleased with the results this quarter and I look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you.
