Francisco D'Souza: Tien-Tsin thanks a lot for the kind words. Yes, look -- I think that -- I'd say a couple of things. When we set out to think about my successor, the Board conducted a thorough process. And what we were really focused on Tien-Tsin was sort the strategy that we laid out for all of you at Investor Day as the sort of the core of what's going to take the company forward. And as we assessed our choices, Brian is just a solid choice. He is well-regarded -- highly regarded Technology Executive. He's got a great track record of success across multiple companies, industries, technologies, geographies, roles, and organizational cultures. And I think with his global perspective, but also client focus experience with transformational technologies, he is the right Executive to execute on our strategy as digital continues to permeate and power every industry.
Francisco D'Souza: Yeah. Thanks a lot Lisa. I appreciate again the kind words. It's been quite a run. And just as an anecdote I was thinking about it the other day, this is my 48th quarter that I will be reporting as the CEO of this place. So I guess as a CEO you measure by public company quarters. Look, I think, Lisa, here's what I would say to your question. I think that as I look forward, the difference that we're going to see over the next five, 10 years is -- and we've been saying this and it may even sound somewhat clichéd at the moment, but technology is really going from a decade ago when it was supporting the back office of a business to really being the very essence of businesses today. I say often that every enterprise is now a technology enterprise. Every business leader is really a technology leader. Every budget can be to considered a technology budget inside of our clients. I mean, there's really this pervasiveness of technology where we're already starting to see, and therefore, which I think we're going to continue to see as technology becomes just more and more integral to not just businesses, but governments and societies and so on and so forth. Against that context, I think that firms like ours need to really have a set of capabilities that line up directly with that role that technology will play going forward. And that's why I think that the six capabilities that we outlined for you at Investor Day are so important. If you look at them as capabilities, they individually represent big market opportunities. But if you look at them as a set, as a group they really represent what I believe as the core capabilities that every enterprise is going to need to embed deeply into their operations, into their P&L into their business, so that they can fully take advantage of digital at scale. And so, I think that this notion of how you organize yourself as a services business and how you respond to this idea of digital at scale, the pervasiveness of technology across the enterprise is really going to be the core trend that services businesses will have to respond to over the coming decade.
Francisco D'Souza: Thanks Lisa. Look I always start the immigration questions with the big picture answer which is that, the reality is that in many parts of the world certainly in the United States, many parts of Western Europe there really is a significant shortage of technology talent which needs to be addressed for these economies to stay -- to remain competitive. If you go back to the first part -- your question as the world becomes more technology-intensive we -- these economies really need skilled technologist to maintain the competitive edge. We continue to make progress. At Investor Day we shared with you that, at the moment in North America over 40% of our North American workforce or let's say our U.S. workforce is citizens or permanent residents. We continue to make significant progress and I expect that in the medium term we'll be well over 50%.
Francisco D'Souza: Thanks, Ed. Look I don't think we are dependent on winning large transformational deals. The business is built on this -- and the vast majority whether it's in Healthcare or in any of other verticals, is built on this idea of continuing to grow with our clients in a methodical way. That usually involves many, many small and medium-sized projects with each client to continue to grow. We'll continue to do large transformational deals. We announced the deal that Karen spoke about recent -- this quarter with the three Finnish banks. That's a great example of the transformational deals that plays into our strategy, platforms, and so on and so forth. And so I certainly don't -- will not rule out doing those deals going forward but I don't think the engine or the Cognizant business is built on an assumption that we're going to do those deals to continue to grow.
Francisco D'Souza: Jim, it's Frank. Look I think as I said in my prepared comments, what I see is an environment as you said in traditional and what you would think of as traditional IT clearly a pressure on running the business, maintenance types of activities in order to free up the dollars to invest in growth. That trend has been going on for a while. Equally importantly as I said, as technology permeates organizations, I think we are able to tap into new budgets. As I said, almost every budget is now somewhat a technology budget whether it's the R&D budget, whether it's the marketing budget, all of these become new sources of opportunity for us. And so overall, I think our market opportunity has never been larger. It continues to expand given technology permeating all aspects of organizations. I think as it relates to the macro environment clearly there are concerns out there about various issues in Europe, in relations with China and so on and so forth. I haven't seen it yet translate into a meaningful impact on demand for us. And so at this point, when I think about 2019, I see a solid demand environment.
Francisco D'Souza: Thanks Bryan. As I said before, the board conducted a very methodical search for my successor. We kept in mind very carefully a sort of the strategy that we outlined for you during our Investor Day a few months ago. And as we went through that process we just determined that Brian is the right executive. We think that, he's got terrific track record of success across companies in the technology space, multiple industries, obviously technologies themselves, the geographies, roles in organizational cultures. And when we put all of that together we just think that Brian is the right executive to execute on the strategy that we outlined for you at Investor Day as digital continues to permeate and power as I said before every industry.
Francisco D'Souza: I would say a couple of things which we've said in the past. On a like-for-like basis, once you look at sort of all-in costs our talent base in the U. S. whether that talent base is, if you will, hired locally or folks like here on some sort of a Visa, there isn't a meaningful cost difference between those two talent pools. So, we are, from a cost standpoint, indifferent. Of course, as I said earlier, we are in a tight -- in a constrained market as you pointed out. And so given the demand for our services, we're always struggling to find the talent that we need to fulfill our growth ambitions. But like-for-like, all-in, the costs are about the same.
Francisco D'Souza: And the last thing maybe I'll add -- sorry to jump back in. But remember that when we look at our portfolio of digital revenue from digital that is running -- it has and continues to run at above company average margins, which I think speaks to our ability there to drive pricing, despite the fact that in general the talent pool as Karen pointed out in the digital part of the business is a higher cost talent pool.
Francisco D'Souza: Keith, my primary and really only goal here is to ensure that we do whatever is necessary to make sure that Brian is incredibly successful as we go through the transition and beyond that. And my commitment to my fellow board members and to the company is that I will play whatever role is necessary to make sure that that happens, and not a bit more than that. And so we will play that as things come. But at the moment my commitment is to all of you, to our shareholders, to my 282,000 fellow associates around the world and to my fellow board members that my commitment is to make sure that I do whatever is in my power to ensure we have an absolutely smooth transition.
Francisco D'Souza: Rob, it's Frank. Multiple parts to your question there. Let me just first of all just say that as we think about Raj, I want to just say that, it's worth really spending a minute to thank Raj for his countless contributions to the growth and success of Cognizant. When Raj joined the company, I think we were $20 million in revenue. And from that to over $16 billion last year, Raj has provided leadership, operational skills, passion for clients for over two decades in a variety of operating roles. And he's as you know served as our President for the past 2.5 years. So I just want to thank Raj, acknowledge his many, many, many contributions to the company on this call and wish him well in his future endeavors. I think that as we've outlined for you today, our targets and our guidance for 2019 are based on our best view of the business at this point for the year. We're providing those to you as we always do having considered all of the factors that could positively or negatively influence our performance and this is our best view and that continues to be the case with the 2019 guidance. I am sure that, as Brian comes in, he will bring his perspectives to the role. And when we have updates we will provide those to you and -- or Brian will going forward. I don't think we have anything else to add to that. Karen? So, I guess, thanks very much, everybody. Thanks, again, for joining the call. I want you all to know that I've truly enjoyed many, many interactions with all of you over the 48 quarters that I've done this. I look forward to introducing Brian to you in the days ahead and during the transition process once he's on board. So thank you very much.
Karen McLoughlin: So, I think that's fair Tien-Tsin. If you remember back at Investor Day, right, we talked about that we thought near-term -- near to midterm growth would be in the 6% to 9% on an organic constant currency perspective, and that in the near term we'd be at the lower end of that range. And then as we continue to grow and add on more acquisitions we would move up the range. So as we're seeing this year, we think it plays out very consistently with what we outlined at Investor Day. Q1 is a little bit slower than the full year. But as we talked about in my comments, we are starting to see some nice recovery with some of the new partnerships in Financial Services particularly in the European markets, and so we're very confident that as we get into the second quarter that we'll start to accelerate growth in banking, which then obviously supports the overall growth rates for the year. But I think in terms of general trends, obviously, shift to digital continues and really no significant changes from where we saw the recent quarters.
Karen McLoughlin: And I think, Lisa, -- this is Karen. If I can just add to that, I mean as I think and if you’ll recall last year we set up our U.S. Foundation which we funded with $100 million initially to continue to launch more training programs in the U.S. As Frank said, obviously the biggest challenge is shortage of talent not just here, but in other parts of the world as well. So we are certainly focused on helping to change that trajectory in the coming years.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. So Ed this is Karen. All of those accounts are actually over $5 million and most of them are considerably above $5 million on an annual run rate. We have not broken out how many accounts we have over $100 million, but it is in the range of -- doing this off the top of my head about 30 -- over 30 accounts at this point. So, there's a fairly large number of significant clients that has emerged over the years.
Karen McLoughlin: And I think, Ed, if I could just also add to what Frank said, I think we talked about this last quarter a little bit, right, particularly with the platform deals, so the TMG deal and the EmblemHealth deal, you want certainly that large feed client to launch the platform and be able to build out the capability and so forth. But after that it actually enables you to add a lot of smaller engagements with smaller clients that historically we may not have not been able to really support in a meaningful way and we're certainly starting to see that traction now particularly with the TMG relationship and being able to onboard now smaller opportunities which obviously you can move a lot faster and they become accretive quite quickly. So, that's certainly happening in that side of the business. And then overall in Healthcare as we had talked about, there's been obviously a number of mergers that are underway in Healthcare. And while we certainly expect to get our fair share of the integration work once that commences, we certainly have seen a little bit of pullback recently as those clients are planning for integration, that's typical. We said that at some point, we thought that would happen and we've seen that a little bit over the last few weeks. But at some point, they will move into execution of the integration.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. So, M&A contribution in Q4 was about 250 basis points on a year-over-year perspective. That is also true in Q1, so you will see that again in Q1. But for full year 2018, it was about 150 basis points on a year-over-year basis versus 2017. And in our 2019 guidance that includes the deals that we have already completed, which is also about 150 basis points of revenue. New deals as we talked about at Investor Day, we would expect to add about 150 to 200 basis points a year of new deals, so we've, obviously, done that for 2018, we will done that again included in our 2019 guidance and then new deals in 2019 would be beyond that.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. So I mean we certainly ramped up hiring in the fourth quarter to support growth as we go into 2019 and we'll put those folks who could use, I think as we look at 2019, utilization stayed fairly consistent last year with 2017. We know we've got a little bit of room to continue to push that if need be. Certainly we continue to focus on our pyramid as we move into 2019. And then really scaling some of the larger, more structured deals or platform opportunities as we have said, really two years ago when we had started outlining this new frameworks that initially those deals do tend to be margin dilutive. And as we get into the outer years such as where we're starting to get now with some of the original ones, you start to see that margin accretion kick in, which then allows us to continue to fund more investments. So those will be some of the major things that we're looking at this year as well as continuing to leverage SG&A but really our focus right now is driving for growth and making sure that we're investing in the talent and re-skilling and so forth to do that.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. So in terms of the confidence, Jim as we talked about the Finnish deal for example as a signed deal, so we're just waiting for final clearance and closing of that. We have other deals similarly in the pipeline that we're very close to finalizing here. So we have a high degree of confidence particularly in the European markets in terms of what we're seeing. And then as it relates to -- I'm actually going to talk about North America as well as the top 5. So if you recall at the Investor Day where we talked about top five and that two of them had returned to very nice growth. That continued in Q4 and continues into Q1 where we're talking about, in some cases double-digit year-over-year growth and those are obviously very large relationships. So it's a very nice turnaround there. The other three accounts continue to be under some pressure. And at this point we are not -- certainly not assuming a big turnaround for our guidance for those accounts. But then if we look at the rest of the North America banking business, it has and continues to grow quite nicely. It just gets under pressure when you have some of these larger relationships pulling down the overall growth rate of the business.
Karen McLoughlin: I think Bryan, I mean certainly, we -- the guidance is consistent with what we outlined at Investor Day. Q1 is a little soft which obviously puts a little bit of pressure on the full year, although, we're very comfortable with the ramp to the back half of the year. But I think, obviously, we like to be prudent particularly earlier in the year. And as we see things start to evolve, we will certainly take that into consideration. But I think right now we're very comfortable, this is consistent with what we said back in November and we've made the investments to support this growth range for this year.
Karen McLoughlin: Yes. And I think -- and I'd just add to that [Indiscernible] talking a little bit about pricing. So, I think as Frank said, like-for-like you're actually not seeing a big change and certainly I don't think wage inflation given skills we're hiring has -- we've seen that in a significant way. What you do see obviously is -- and this is always true, skills that are in hot demand, come with a high price. That's no different now versus the last 10 or 20 years so. But the flipside is that in this environment clients need that talent as much as we do and you'll get the pricing to accommodate that. So, I think as we talked about last year, pricing has remained quite consistent. And, in fact, last year was the first year in quite a while that you actually had some pricing strength in the market because of the shortage of talent and that trend has continued.
Karen McLoughlin: Yeah. That is a fair assumption Keith. And we will no longer -- in 2019 we will not be breaking it out. That was a one-year requirement to make that disclosure. But from a modeling perspective, just assume it’s neutral.
