Francisco D'Souza: Hi, Tien-Tsin, this is Frank. Thanks. Yeah, we are excited about the plan that we have announced today. I think that we've been talking to you for some time about this shift to digital, and this gives us an opportunity to really accelerate that shift. What I would say is that, as we think about that shift to digital, we will of course emphasize the growth in the digital side of the business; making the investments that we need to scale up both organically and inorganically, that side of the business. And as we said, we'll continue to be thoughtful about growing the core business, making sure that we invest to stay competitive there. We think that the core business is an important part of our ability to serve clients and our ability to be an integral part of their digital futures, because as you know, most of our clients are building their new digital capabilities on the backbone of their traditional systems. Having said that, we do expect that in the core business we're going to make thoughtful choices about the business areas on which we focus and, if appropriate, pivot away from lower margin part to that business. And so, that may have somewhat of an impact on revenue, but we think it'll be offset by growth – above-company average growth in the digital side of the business. So, as we execute on this plan our commitment is to continue to deliver high-quality, sustainable growth and we think this plan enables us to do that. As it relates to our digital revenue, as you know, as we mentioned in the prepared comments, we're breaking it out for the first time for you based on feedback that we've received from all of you. It was approximately 23% of revenue in 2016. And as I said, we expect going forward that it will continue to grow above-company average. I don't have targets for where it'll wind up, but we'll just periodically report progress to you on that number so you can get a sense of how that shift is unfolding.
Francisco D'Souza: Yeah. Brian, it's always been the case that we focus first on the quality of acquisitions and we're selective on making sure that the acquisition – particularly as we look at the tuck-in acquisitions that they are focused on achieving one or more of a specific set of goals that we're looking for: technology, industry, capability, geography. Those are the major criteria that we look at. So, as a result of that, I don't have a specific spend target or a specific volume target, but as you know and as you saw, we did a number of acquisitions in the fourth quarter of 2016, and I would expect that the pace would continue at that level or maybe a little bit even ahead of that. We also, in 2016, did a couple of investments and the first time that we've taken investments in promising companies that we think are complementary to the company and I think you should expect to continue to see us doing some of that as well.
Francisco D'Souza: I'm looking to Karen as well to see if she has a different perspective. I don't think that we've seen the market change meaningfully in terms of valuation for the kinds of firms that we're looking for. Obviously, there are valuation differences between what I would think of as traditional services, digital services, and then platform or IP-based companies, but those are well understood. I don't think there's been meaningful change in that over, let's say, the last 12 months. And as I said in my prepared comments, we continue at the moment to focus primarily on looking at tuck-in acquisitions to expand our digital capabilities. Really right now focused on expanding digital across the industry segments and focusing on expanding digital across the geographies around the world where we operate.
Francisco D'Souza: Jim, it's Frank. Look, first of all, I would say that it's very difficult for us to speculate on potential changes to the program there. As you know, even currently, many alternative proposals out there, and over the last several years, have been even more. I would say that our intent has always been and continues to be to scale and to hire in the U.S. as aggressively as we can. As Raj said in his prepared comments, last year we hired over 4,000 citizens and permanent residents. But we also have to continue to supplement that with talent from around the world, because we do see shortages of talent in certain areas. We are trying to address that by focusing on retraining and re-skilling. But I think going forward you should expect to see that that will continue to be somewhat of a balance. We will continue to be as aggressive as we possibly can on scaling up and focusing on local recruitment, but I believe that there will be some prudent balance between those two things going forward.
Francisco D'Souza: Hey, Joe. It's Frank. I'll let Karen answer the second part of your question while I think about the first part.
Francisco D'Souza: Yeah. And Joe, to the first part of your question, it is somewhat theoretical. What I would say is that, as I said I think in my prepared remarks, as we shift towards digital, those are the kinds of services where the value of colocation with the client is actually higher. You need to be close to the client. You need a more consultative approach. And so, I expect that those services will require us to continue to have folks on-site and scale up, as we said, our workforces around the world. I think if you look at the traditional business, there might be an opportunity to optimize a little bit around the edges in terms of what I think of as shoring, that is moving work to other parts of the world, but I don't think that's a significant opportunity. It might move the ratio between our on-site and offshore teams by a point or two, but I don't think it's going to be substantially higher than that.
Francisco D'Souza: Yeah. Obviously we thought long and hard about this, Joseph. I think that we think we've landed in a good place that balances our ability to invest in the business. We were careful to make sure both when thinking about our income statement and our balance sheet that our first priority was to make sure that we protected our ability to invest in the business, to continue to do the things that will allow us to make the transition to digital; and at the same time, be prudent about, in the case of the balance sheet, returning capital to shareholders, and in the case of the income statement, increasing our margins. I think at 22%, we feel like we're – it's a good solid place to be. It's a balanced margin profile, and puts us squarely in the competitive set, but also allows us to make the right investments in the business.
Francisco D'Souza: Good. So with that, we'll wrap up. I want to thank everybody for joining us today and for your questions. And, as always, we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thanks, everybody.
Karen McLoughlin: So, Ed, good morning. This is Karen. So, as you mentioned on slide 9 of the investor deck that's out on the website, we talk about the different components of the 22% non-GAAP operating margin target in 2019. And as you mentioned on the right side of that slide, in particular, we talk about some headwinds that will result in about 120 basis point to 200 basis point impact over the next three years. That's a combination of all of the things on that part of the slide, which includes the talent strategy, current industry pricing trends, and then some of the investments that we're obviously making in digital and automation and so forth. Really, what that assumes is no change in pricing based on what we've seen to-date, so no further deterioration. And as Frank talked about, we're going to be fairly selective in the types of work that we'd go after particularly around the core business in the future. And then around the talent strategy, as both Frank and Raj talked about, obviously we've been expanding our local hiring and retraining and so forth in various geographies around the world, but assumes essentially that we continue on that path with no significant changes in terms of immigration policy or so forth.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure, Darrin. So, on the digital growth, as Frank mentioned in his prepared remarks, it is growing significantly above company average; he did give a specific number. But I think, as you would expect and as others have seen, it is certainly been the big growth driver for quite – for the last, certainly, several quarters and the last couple of years now and we would expect that to continue. Obviously, it does mean that other parts of the business – some of the core parts of the business are growing slower than company average. And then from an industry perspective, as we saw last year, obviously, we had some slower growth in banking and Healthcare, some of which was specific situations around Healthcare with M&A and so forth, but certainly a little bit slower growth there. So, I think very consistent with what others are seeing in the marketplace and the demand from clients which is that digital will be the high-growth driver for the coming years, and we would expect that to continue to be a meaningful driver for us. In terms of the sources of cash, at the end of the year, we have about – as you'll see when we file our 10-K, we have about $1.1 billion of cash in the U.S. today, and the cash – the funds for the dividends and the buybacks will come from our existing cash balances in the U.S., from U.S. free cash flow that we will generate over the next coming years. And then we will, as necessary, lever the balance sheet up a little bit. As you know, we have a revolver today, which has about $750 million of capacity in it and then, if necessary, we would take debt on beyond that, but certainly, our intent is to maintain a very strong balance sheet, maintain very strong investment-grade rating if and when we went to the rating agencies to do that, and to maintain a lot of flexibility for both organic and inorganic investments.
Karen McLoughlin: Yeah. So, Glenn, this is Karen. On the immigration and what's baked into the margin, I think, as we said in our comments and it's highlighted also in the deck that's on the website, we have assumed sort of current status for immigration. We've obviously assumed that we will continue expanding our local hiring in the markets in which we operate, but we have not factored in any material changes to the immigration policy. At this point, it is just too speculative to try and make that determination. So, we will address that if and when the time comes. In terms of the cadence to get to the 22%, as we mentioned, our guidance for Q1 assumes that we have flat margins with Q4, and then on a full-year 2017 basis, that we'll be at least 19.5%, which is where we landed for the full-year 2016. So, what you will see is that the benefits of the margin optimization, those actions are already starting to be underway and will continue to increase as the year goes on and as we move into 2018. And so, we will see improvement as we go through the year. And as we mentioned, in my comments, that's a three-year program to generate the 360 basis points to 440 basis points of margin opportunity, but the vast majority of that happens in the first two years. And so, you'll see some improvement this year to offset some of the pressures we've seen – or the investments that we made last year. And then as we move into 2018, you'll get the full benefit of the 2017 actions as well as incremental actions that will happen in 2018. And then in 2019 is when we would expect to generate the 22% non-GAAP operating margin base for the full-year 2019. So, it'll be phased; it will incremental each year.
Karen McLoughlin: So, I think, Bryan – this is Karen. As you said clearly, Q1 this year looks like it will be much stronger than Q1 last year. I think we are seeing good demand across the business at this point. Last year, if you remember, in January is when the banking sector really started to fall apart and that put a lot of pressure on our Q1 numbers. We have not seen that this year. We have our January results. January came in exactly as we expected. So, we do think that Q1 is off to a good start. The other thing is a small impact but impacted sequential growth a little bit is, as we have said when we did the TriZetto acquisition, part of our objective there is to move into more annuity stream revenue versus just pure license sales. So, if you remember Q4 is always their strongest because of the license sales. We've started to make that transition, so it's a little bit less of an impact than it would have been in prior periods with them as well which obviously helps fund the overall Q1 number.
Karen McLoughlin: So, Joe, I think as we mentioned, we have baked in an estimate of the impact of the ASR into the share count. So, nothing in Q1 but in the full-year share count for Q2 – or I'm sorry, for the full year rather the 597 million does assume that we are able to start – launch the ASR sometime in Q1.
Karen McLoughlin: Moshe, this is Karen. On the M&A front, obviously, we've made a couple of small acquisitions in Q4, and then we have the investments that we did earlier in the year in ReD and a couple of other acquisitions and in Measure as well. ReD and Measure, remember, don't generate any revenue for us. Those are just investments. So, there's no revenue there. And then from the rest of the group, it's less than 2% of the revenue. So, about 1% of revenue for the year would be from the rest of the acquisitions; it's very small.
Rajeev Mehta: Yeah. Hi, David. This is Raj Mehta here. Look, with our Financial Services clients, they're obviously in much better shape going into 2017 than they were in 2016. And as you touched on, the increasing interest rate environment some roll-backs in regulation, I think it's a little too early for us right now. We're cautiously optimistic about what that means in terms of spending patterns moving forward. But right now, it's a little too early for us to see the impact of those changes.
Rajeev Mehta: Yeah. And I'll just add to that, in addition to Financial Services, we're starting to see some – we had a lot of M&A in Healthcare in the beginning of 2016. So, we're starting to see some resolution, at least some of the discretionary spend. As you know, one of the large M&A transaction has been decided on and you're starting to see some discretionary spend starting to happen on that since that didn't move forward. And so you have a little bit of clarity in that. Plus, in addition to that, we have – we've talked a lot about our platform play that TriZetto BPaaS opportunities and you're seeing good traction in those areas as well. That's helped bring the stability with Healthcare.
Rajeev Mehta: Yeah. So, I'll kick it off and talk about just guidance for the year and, Karen, you can jump in on the acquisitions. But look, I think, overall we're pleased that we're off to a good start in 2017. Obviously, when we entered the year in 2016 we had the M&A overhang on the Healthcare deals and the financial Brexit and other issues that we had in the Financial Services industry. So, going into 2017, we're on to a positive start. I think there's still some caution out there. There is still – clients are still, obviously, nervous about what will happen with Affordable Care Act and they're waiting to see what the current administration will do towards that. But overall, we're seeing good pick-ups in terms of some of the discretionary spend in Healthcare. And in addition to that, like I touched on earlier, we are seeing a lot of traction on our BPaaS solutions that we've had around TriZetto. And I think we'll see continued acceptance of that model within other payers as well too.
