Francisco D'Souza: Darrin, it's Frank. Look, let me just -- let's take it in 2 places. First of all, let's look at our 2013 performance overall. We're very pleased with the way 2013 played out. The fourth quarter came in right where we expected. And a lot of the overperformance that we saw in 2013 was driven by, as we've been saying -- as we said through the year, by discretionary spending that picked up in the middle of the year, and we expect to see a continuation of that going into 2014. As I said during the prepared comments, we see a tremendous opportunity and we see that opportunity continuing. We caught that trend early, we think, in 2013. We see that opportunity continuing as we go into 2014 across the segments. Our initial guidance for 2014, if you adjust for an acquisition that we had announced at the beginning of 2013 but hadn't closed, it's actually a little bit stronger than our initial 2013 guidance. So coming out of 2014 on a bigger revenue base, as a company, we're feeling a little bit better than the same time in 2013. So overall, we're feeling good about the continuation of demand, and we saw strong demand pick up for us as discretionary picked -- work picked up in the middle of 2013, we think that will continue going into 2014, really, across the segments.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes. I think, Darrin, we feel good about Europe overall for a couple of reasons. As we've done a couple of acquisition there, as you know, during 2013. That's positioned us well in key markets like Germany and France, we expect to see continued upside there. We see, overall, as we've been saying for a long time, the penetration of the global delivery model in Europe is lower than it is in North America and in other parts of the world, particularly in the continent. And so, we think there's a large underpenetrated market in Continental Europe. And finally, as clients in Europe continue to face economic volatility, the need and the pressure to continue to run their businesses better, more efficient, I think will continue to drive further examination of what portions of work can be moved to a global delivery model. So net-net, we feel good about Europe going into 2014.
Francisco D'Souza: Bryan, I would say Q4 played out exactly as we expected it. Historically, our fourth quarter, if you look back, has been a slower quarter, and that happens for a couple of reasons. Typically, the retail sector doesn't begin any new discretionary projects during the peak season and discretionary spending overall tends to slow towards the end of the year for obvious reasons as projects come to an end and new ones don't necessarily pick up. I think this year a couple of things accentuated the Q4 trend a little bit. We had a very strong Q3, as you know, and so the comparable was a little more difficult. In addition to that, because so much of our overperformance in 2013 overall was driven by innovation and discretionary spending, the tapering off of discretionary spending that we've -- you typically see and traditionally see in Q4 was a little bit more accentuated this year. But I'd be very clear, as we go into 2014, we see that strong trend that we had, that we benefited from during the middle of 2013 to continue going into 2014. I'm very, very optimistic about this new wave of technology and what it represents for our clients and the opportunities that it will bring for both of our -- for our clients to build stronger businesses and for Cognizant to participate in that.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes. Tien-tsin, it's really hard to -- SMAC has become so pervasive across the business that it's very difficult to quantify and to forecast exactly where it's going to land or whether it's discretionary or not. Let me put some color around that. It was that -- it used to be the case when 2.5 years ago or so when we started talking about SMAC, that we had discrete social or mobile or analytics or cloud engagement. And they typically tended to be smaller pilot projects where clients were sort of trying to get their arms around what the implications of the technology was. Today, we're seeing that SMAC is really woven into the fabric of virtually almost -- virtually everything we're doing, particularly on the development side. Mobile becomes the front-end, analytics becomes tied to large scale data warehousing or enterprise information management projects. And so, it becomes very hard to split out SMAC. So I'm not going to actually try to give you a number for how much revenue we expect from SMAC for this year. I think in terms of thinking about whether it's discretionary or not, I would think now that a good proxy is it's probably still about 60-ish percent, although this is just a guesstimate on my part, about 60-ish percent discretionary. And I would say 30%, 40% has become more business as usual or built into the kind of regular upgrade and maintenance that we do because, as the stuff gets out into the field, then there's the regular upgrade maintenance cycles that kick in.
Francisco D'Souza: Thanks, Tien-tsin. I'm sure he's listening. But we -- I spoke to Gordon last night and he's doing fine. I'm sure he'll be back in a week or so recovered, well recovered, from his little surgery yesterday.
Francisco D'Souza: Folks, sorry about that. We seem to have a bit of technology trouble here with the snowstorm outside on the East Coast, apologies. Ashwin, I don't know where we dropped, but I was just going through our situation in the U.K.
Francisco D'Souza: Okay. Apologies. So look, as I was saying, we have a pretty -- we have -- we feel good about our -- I broke it down by the U.K. and the Continent. Let me start with the Continent. The Continent, I think we feel good about the -- our position there. Given that there's continued economic volatility, I expect that the bulk of our conversations in 2014 and the work we'll do will be more on, what we call, the run-better side of the business. The acquisitions of C1 and Equinox have built strong front-ends in France, Germany, Switzerland and so on, and that gives us additional opportunity to capture market that -- as that becomes available. And of course, as we've said for some time, the global delivery model is underpenetrated in Continental Europe and so that provides a good runway ahead for us on the Continent. In the U.K., I think as the economic picture improves there, we're starting to see initial conversations -- we're having initial conversations about new SMAC-related discretionary work. But I think, Ashwin, it's too early to call that a trend yet. I'll certainly watch it carefully over the course of 2014, but too early to call that a trend yet.
Francisco D'Souza: Look, we feel -- Sara, we feel comfortable that we can maintain our industry-leading growth rate going forward. The -- our market opportunity, as we outlined during the prepared comments, we feel very good about. We think that this once in decade sort of technology shift that we're going through, driven by these new technologies, creates significant opportunity for us. And we continue to invest, as you know, substantially to capture those market opportunities. If you think about the opportunities that are available to us, there's sort of the new technologies, that's one axis on all of the work that we've talked about relative to social, mobile, analytics and cloud, so that's one growth vector. There's a second growth vector that relates to new geographies that we -- where we feel we're underpenetrated. So if you think about our geographic footprint, we think that there are still opportunities for us with -- in an earlier question I addressed the European opportunity. But we continue to believe that there are opportunities for us in other parts of the world and we're investing there. We've talked to you about the rest of the world -- we call the rest of the world, which is Asia, the Middle East. We made good -- some good strides, early strides but good strides in Latin America last year. So we think there's opportunity to grow from a geographical standpoint. And then, of course, when we look at the industries that we serve and new industries where we don't have a presence, we think that the opportunities there continue to be significant. The existing industries continue to represent good growth avenues for us. But then, we have new opportunities. For example, we touched briefly during the prepared comments on the public sector. Again, a place where we made good strides last year in 2013, and we expect to continue to grow in those -- in that industry as well or in that sector as well. So if you think about it, across 3 growth vectors, new geographies, the new technologies and new industries and new markets, we think there's still a lot of upside here. And since we're investing ahead of many of our competitors because of where we maintain our operating margins, we think we have an opportunity, and we'll continue to maintain industry-leading growth as we go into '14.
Francisco D'Souza: I think I would mirror what I said a minute ago and, in fact, if you look at our Horizon 3 investments, Sara, they're largely in those areas. So we're investing in new technologies all of the SMAC capabilities. But as I mentioned in my prepared comments, going beyond that, so we're looking at new areas like the Internet of Things, centers, artificial intelligence and machine learning. So we think those are all -- those all represent new technology areas that have considerable opportunity. Then we're looking at new markets, particularly Latin America. We have to continue our focus, pushing into new geographies. As our clients globalize their businesses, we need to be there, side by side with them. And then, of course, new industries. The one other area that we are also investing quite heavily in is in platforms. And the new -- what we call, new delivery models to drive nonlinear revenue growth. As I said during my prepared comments, during '13, we launched 18 Cognizant BusinessCloud solutions. These are our SaaS or BPaaS platforms, and we'll continue to invest to build out both new platforms like the 18 that we launched, and also deepen our penetration for the existing 18 that we've launched during 2013. So that's, I think, the bulk of our investment.
Francisco D'Souza: So Moshe, I would say that what we saw in the U.K. largely parallels what we saw in other parts, in North America, for example, as it relates to the discretionary spending and the impact, therefore, on Q4. You just really have this phenomenon where discretionary spending really tends to slow in the fourth quarter as clients wrap up the year, as budgets come to an end and clients start to think about the new budget year and so on and so forth. And because 2013 was a year where so much of our overperformance was driven by discretionary spending during the middle of the year, you just saw a natural tapering of that towards the back half of the year, particularly in Q4, the last quarter. So I wouldn't -- I don't think there's anything more to read into the U.K. than that frankly. The -- in terms of where I see the U.K. for this year, as I said, we continue to see, to believe that the U.K. will perform well in 2014. As I said earlier, early signs that discretionary spending may pick up in the U.K., but I'm not ready to call that a trend yet. But I feel like if you look at our positioning, we're well positioned there in the key industries in which we serve. We're extremely strong in financial services, in retail, in -- of course, insurance is part of financial services. And so, I feel that we've got good market position. We've taken our thought leadership around SMAC and the new technologies into the market, and I think that we'll benefit from that during 2014. So I feel good about the U.K. for 2014, but too early to call the trend on discretionary spending there yet.
Francisco D'Souza: I think I would characterize it, at this point in the year, we're just kind of right where we would expect to be for, in what I would consider to be a normal year. Budgets are -- IT budgets are close to being finalized in most cases with our clients at this point. And when we look at the trends, I would say, overall, in North America, IT budgets are modestly up, which is somewhat different than it has been in past years, maybe a little bit better in past years. In the recent past, we've seen flat to modestly up budgets. This year, I would say budgets are up a little bit more than they have been in past years. But having said that, Katy, I think that the important point here, what's really important, and it's always been the case that our opportunity is driven somewhat by growth in IT budgets. But it's in a sense being -- more importantly, being driven by this, what we call, the dual mandate, where clients are saying, "Look, I've got to be more efficient and more effective to be able to free up a disproportionate amount of dollars to reinvest in innovation and growth." And so, what we are benefiting from and what we expect to benefit from is this continued drive towards the dual mandate, or driving efficiency and effectiveness on the one hand to free up budget dollars so that those dollars can be invested in innovation and growth. So our focus is really, as much as it is on the increase in the budget, it's to figure out with our clients how we can drive greater degrees of efficiency and effectiveness, move to managed services and other kinds of opportunities to be more effective in the work we're doing for them or in the work that they may not have yet chosen to use a provider for so that we can help them to free up those dollars to invest in discretionary projects.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes. I think if you look specifically at SaaS implementation versus a corresponding on-premise implementation, while some -- in some spaces, the deal sizes are smaller, particularly for what I would think of as the more standard implementation. I think it's also the case that we're seeing a greater number of transactions. And so, net-net, we think that the market opportunity expands as a result of SaaS because what we're seeing is that our business -- our clients' businesses are becoming more technology-intensive, not less technology-intensive. And so, while some transaction sizes maybe becoming smaller, we see a greater number of transactions. And because of that, we think it's an overall expansion of our market opportunity and our markets in it and the addressable market.
Francisco D'Souza: I would say that it's -- we see a lot of interest in sort of in the industrial space. Anybody that has a -- machines, equipment that -- where you can think about asset optimization or operations optimization, those tend to become -- so you see that in health care with medical devices, you see it in traditional manufacturing, you see it in heavy industrials. I think that's a good, immediate opportunity set because the ROIs are large and immediate on that. I think we are a little bit beyond call time, but given that we had a little technical glitch, we'll stay on for another -- last question. Operator, we'll take this as our last question.
Francisco D'Souza: I think so, Ed. I have to say that I was surprised by the strength of the conversation in Davos around these new technologies and I was also surprised pleasantly that the conversation has moved on quickly beyond social, mobile, analytics and cloud for some of these new areas like the Internet of Things and centers and machine learning and so on and so forth. I think in a sense the events of the last few years, with the financial crisis and so on and so forth, Eurozone crisis and so on, perhaps CEOs' attention was focused on issues around those things, and this wave of technology got less focus and attention and I think that's now starting to change. And I think there was a broad recognition that these new technologies do really represent a once in a decade sort of opportunity to change the rules of the game in many industries. So I sense that there is a willingness to invest and I sense that we'll see significant change in that mindset, or it's already started to change, and I think you'll continue to see that as we go into '14.
Francisco D'Souza: Thanks. I think on that note, we have to wrap up. Listen, I apologize for the technical glitch on the call today. And I thank everybody for joining us and for your questions. I'm really delighted with our performance for 2013 and we look forward to another strong year of industry-leading growth as we go into 2014. We'll talk to you again next quarter. Thank you.
Karen McLoughlin: Darrin, just to add on what Frank was saying. If you remember last year, we guided to originally 17%, but as Frank said, that did include the $90 million of acquisition revenue from the C1 acquisitions that did not close and the MediCall acquisition. So like-on-like year, we're actually a little bit ahead.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. So Bryan, I'm assume you're referring to the pure consulting practice, not the overall consulting and technology services piece. But in consulting -- I mean, certainly, the pipeline has been quite strong. Obviously, the Equinox acquisition will continue to help drive consulting revenue. Some of those projects initially, if their standalone consulting projects are not necessarily significant dollars but then they obviously lead to the pull-through of revenue typically is what you expect, and that's where you'll start to see the larger revenue pickup. So I think we're feeling very good about the way the consulting practice has integrated into the broader organization and is helping to drive that revenue. On the pharma side, certainly, obviously, 2013 continued to be slow for pharma. I think, at this point, we would expect that 2014 will continue to be slower than company average, certainly baked into our guidance. We have not assumed any significant strengthening in the life sciences or pharma segment at this point.
Karen McLoughlin: Yes. So from a modeling perspective, Tien-tsin, I would not expect any significant changes in gross margin in 2014. And then, obviously, we do want to continue to invest in the business, and the vast majority of those investments do take place in the SG&A line. So we fully intend to bring our margins in -- within the 19% to 20% on a non-GAAP operating margin basis, and we'll continue to invest in the business accordingly to drive the growth.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. Ashwin, this is Karen. Let me take those questions. So in terms of the acquisition impact on 2014, it's very minor. Because, if you remember, we closed the C1 acquisition actually in the middle of -- or beginning of March last year, so there's about 2 months of incremental there. So that's less than $20 million of revenue. And then Equinox, on a full year basis, is about $40 million of revenue, but -- so that's about $30 million incremental, so it's very small incremental impact this year. So that's your first question. On the second question regarding cash, we continue to evaluate our cash needs for the coming years. Clearly, we are interested in continuing to acquire organizations, if we can find the right organizations at the right value that we think makes sense for Cognizant to help us drive long-term growth. And we will continue to evaluate our needs for cash with the board and provide guidance on that at the appropriate time.
Karen McLoughlin: So Steve, obviously, we don't provide guidance for the geographies. But I think, certainly, we continue to think that North America is a very robust market and we'll continue to have good penetration. The big question mark, obviously, will be around discretionary spend this year. That's typically what provides upside for us in the guidance. And so, that -- a lot of that will depend upon the strength of the U.S. economy. Obviously, what you're starting to see is North America is a more mature market than, particularly, Continental Europe or rest of world for us. So you do have the law of large numbers a little bit. And so, we would expect that some of our emerging geographies will grow faster than North America. But clearly, we think there continues to be a significant expansion opportunity in North America, particularly as our service offerings expand. So what we've seen over the years is -- obviously, the Horizon 1 businesses, so core application maintenance and development, were really the legacy of the company. But as we've added in the new services, BPO, consulting, infrastructure and now, ultimately, our Horizon 3 service offerings, that opens up a whole new market within our customers. And so, we continue to see that expansion of market opportunity, both here in North America, as well as across the world.
Karen McLoughlin: I think -- again, with healthcare, particularly on -- if we think about the payer side of the business, and separate pharma from payers, we do expect that the payer side of the business will continue to have nice growth going into 2014. We've talked about the fact that there's still a lot more work related to the Affordable Care Act as we move into '14 and potentially beyond there as well. I think it will be, really, a question as to when some of that work starts, there will be work with both our traditional payer clients, as well as we would expect some work helping the various states as they continue on their transformation journey around the Affordable Care Act as well. So I think typically you see that type of spending start to pick up, as you mentioned, into Q2 and into the middle part of the year just as people release budgets and so forth. So I don't think that would be any different than this year. Pharma, as we've talked about, I think we will have expect to continue to be slow in 2014 at this point.
Karen McLoughlin: It was very small, Moshe. So there was a little bit of pickup in revenue because of the movement in the pound and the euro during the quarter. But it was just a few basis points, so nothing material.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. But let me comment on the size and the growth and Frank can add in any color. But I think as we've talked about, Ed, we look at the Horizon 2 businesses as a group. They are approximately 20% of revenue, so that's consulting, BPO and infrastructure services. They're all about equal in terms of revenue size, so they're all in that sort of 6% to 7% revenue range. They continue to grow significantly faster than company average and our BPS pipeline at this point is very robust. And I think the big trend that we're seeing, particularly in that space, is this notion of integrated solutions. So typically, when we have a client who is looking to do BPS work, they're also looking to be able to have a partner who can provide other services, particularly around the IT end or the consulting services, to really bring that integrated solution to them, which obviously plays very well into our strengths.
