Brian Humphries: Rod, it's Brian here. Thanks for the question. Look, it's very much related to more towards the demand supply and balance that we see in the market. We gave guidance in November around the revenue target range of 8 to 11 over the coming years with about 2 points from M&A. Today, we reported 9.5 points of growth, so within that range. And even the guidance we gave is within that range. But my hope obviously, is that with better demand supply situation Cognizant would have better headcount and be better able to get after the revenue opportunity, whilst also I feel pretty good about where we are on margin these days. So really for us now is about getting -- continuing to evolve the business portfolio, if you will, to higher growth categories, making sure we get the headcount right, both in terms of increasing retention and making sure we even get better throughput in terms of our recruitment. And then, of course, targeted M&A, which tends to be accretive to our revenue CAGR, some targeted larger deals that may or may not come ultimately, in years to come. But we'll be selective on those, as I've always said. And in some regards, today's margin profile, I think, is also indicative of the fact that in recent years, we haven't made big bets that may have been wrong in terms of attrition assumptions or margin or cost assumptions. So it's really about those things, Rod. Macro, we've seen some impact in terms of pipeline progression but it's been more modest. We haven't seen anything meaningful in terms of slowdown in demand, and I'm still certainly of the opinion that's while we'll have to keep an eye on the earnings cycle of our major clients and understand how they think about larger projects or ERP rollouts or projects with ROI time lines. At the end of the day, I'm very optimistic about IT services growth prospects in the medium to long term, and we'll continue to shape the portfolio to make sure we were able to show up and add value to clients.
Brian Humphries: Jason, it's Brian. So you said it right, bookings can be choppy, which is why I've always been an advocate of looking at bookings on a rolling 12-month basis. So on a trailing 12-month basis, our bookings are still quite strong with a book-to-bill of 1.2. But within any given quarter, you'll have dynamics at play. And this was a quarter where we knew we had to go focus on resource fulfillment, given where we were from an attrition and resource point of view, but also we wanted to make sure, given labor inflationary trends, we were able to address pricing discussions with clients. And that may have had even a psychological impact on our commercial team as they are focused on fulfillment and focus on pricing discussions, and perhaps concerned about selling the next thing if they're worried about being able to fulfill against it. So it's not quite as clean as you suggested. But fundamentally, we'd expect this to pick up in Q3 and Q4. Demand is there to the question that Rod asked earlier. We feel pretty good about our portfolio these days. We are repositioning the brand and repositioning how Cognizant shows up to clients and the kind of work we want to engage in. So it's maybe a question of balance. That's perhaps the word of this quarter's earnings. We're very proud that we're an outlier in the industry in the sense that we were able to drive margin expansion year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter. We obviously want to accompany that with revenue growth and bookings momentum, and that's what we're setting out to achieve, obviously, on a go-forward basis.
Brian Humphries: We've taken significant actions from an attrition point of view, both in terms of compensation, significant investments in career path and overall our promotion process, significant investments in learning and development, and then in a whole host of other activities around education, returnships and whatnot. I will say there are some opportunities here that we have. This is seasonally in line with, I guess, expectations, although it was a little above what we had assumed going into the quarter. But we are somewhat confident that the actions we're taking are really kicking in. Employee engagement, as I suggested in my prepared remarks showed increases year-over-year across all 8 categories that we measured and were above industry benchmarks by the way. We have seen progress in terms of the actions we've been taking in the last 18 months. It has really improved our relative compensation position across key markets, including India. And while it's only 1 month of the quarter, the resignation trends we've seen in July, which isn't just about Q3, it's also about Q4, have been improving. And we have good success on this internal job moves program, which is creating a much more dynamic promotion process. So those are good leading indicators, I'd say, in terms of retention. On the recruitment side, I think it's fair to say the industry has been faced with almost its musical chair situation, where people show up with multiple job offers. The macro dynamics may actually start becoming more favorable. Early indications are that offer to join, our ratios have recovered a little bit in recent weeks, and I dare say, for us, perhaps for others as well. So we're looking forward to hopefully being able to build our headcount more aggressively on a go-forward basis and therefore, be able to achieve our true top line potential on the back of increased operational rigor and margin discipline that we've
Brian Humphries: The other thing I'd just add to that as well is, of course, all headcount is not the same. We've seen a shift of our delivery to offshore in the last few years. And I think where we have to put a little bit more effort in place is to continue to build our onshore headcount, particularly in North America. We've gone through a pretty extensive effort in the last 3 years to reduce visa dependency in North America. But hand in glove with that, we have to continue to scale campus hiring, lateral hires, -- and obviously, headcounts in North America, well, maybe having a lower margin rate can actually give us more dollars per head on both revenue and indeed gross margin. So that's an important factor as well. But yes, we're all over this, and you can imagine it's got our full attention, both in terms of the recruitment throughput, offer-joiner ratios that we track as well as what we're doing from a retention point of view. Obviously, the employee satisfaction and employee engagement survey results were very pleasing to see. So it's good to see the progress we're making.
Brian Humphries: We don't really get into those details, but our average contract duration actually increased quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. Some of that is because we had a little bit more momentum in larger deals, and some of it is because of the situation that in a resource-constrained environment, we were quite selective in terms of the deals that we get after with a view to ultimately aligning our resources in line with our business model evolution. And that business model evolution is around aligning resources to our targeted customer segments, aligned to selling solutioning and delivering client outcomes as opposed to simply being a provider of resources for clients. And if you're simply a provider of resources for clients, you can skew to lower-end deals and being in the mode of staff augmentation. So our strategy informs our actions. And this quarter, obviously, with the cards we had, which was a resource-constrained environment, we obviously had the luxury of being able to make choice points that were both beneficial to our strategic direction as well as beneficial to our margins.
Brian Humphries: Yes, I'll start. Jan, by all means, jump in if you want to embellish this as well. I think at the end of the day, James, we go back to the multiyear framework we laid out in November, not that long ago at the Analyst Day, when we talked about a revenue CAGR aspiration coupled with margin expansion over multiple years. And I would argue that's still the right way to think about Cognizant. Nothing has fundamentally changed. The results we announced this quarter, 9.5% constant currency growth with significant margin expansion year-over-year and quarter-over-quarter, unlike the rest of the industry, I think fits within that mode and so too does our guidance. Clearly, the more resources we have, the more we'll be able to go on the attack more from a top line perspective. But what we've been really focused on is making sure we put a good operational discipline in place in terms of how we think about pricing, how we think about mix, delivery pyramid, et cetera, that's been a multiyear effort. We've also made investments, by the way, in the company that are starting to the bear fruit now. And of course, we get financial leverage the more we grow sequentially. So it's no -- not really fundamentally different from what we outlined back in November, and that's how you should think about us going forward as well. As we are better able to make progress on our retention trends, we'll have the luxury to be able to hopefully accelerate growth and get the balance a little bit better than this quarter.
Brian Humphries: Yes. David, it's Brian. Look, I would say no major concerns in terms of demand curves in the financial services sector generally and within banking. We certainly had a good quarter, I would say, in commercial banking, which was stronger than retail and cards and payments and indeed, stronger than capital markets. So what we see there is, frankly, some more of a selective approach from Cognizant as we have repositioned ourselves with some of the larger banks, a shift away from staff augmentation with their transformation programs and really their innovation agenda. So it's been an evolution of how we -- the teams we have in front of clients and what they are about to sell and hopefully solution and deliver, but also educating clients to think about Cognizant differently. But I don't see any fundamental issues in terms of macro concerns in the banking space. Insurance, we seem to have done well in the quarter as well. Generally, most of the vast majority is in the United States. And we had a, I would say, a reasonably strong quarter there, too. And no major concerns either from a macro perspective there.
Brian Humphries: Yes, we've definitely been strengthening our consultancy business, but also, I would say more broadly than Cognizant Consulting, we've been trying to make sure that our client-facing teams holistically are more consultative. And that's a separate point, but nonetheless, similar in terms of the end product. And in parallel, I've personally been spending a lot of time on the road in the last 3 months in front of the C-suite of some of the larger banks, many of whom we haven't been able to serve in recent years and trying to make sure we have the opportunity to show up and be on their preferred vendor lists and evidencing to them the progress we've made with our portfolio and our strategic direction and how we think we can help them be successful in their own rights. So a little bit has been hunting. And then for those that we currently have, it's obviously been farming and making sure we have the right engagement teams, more advisory capacity, to your point, and then obviously educating clients who think of us differently as well. We're making progress. I think it's a paced recovery. It's ongoing, and we've continued to articulate that this business will likely grow slower than the company average rate, but yet we are confident we're doing the right things to get it in the right space.
Brian Humphries: Bryan, it's Brian. We'd expect an acceleration in the second half of the year. The book-to-bill ratio remains healthy, as I said, at 1.2, really on the back of Q3 and Q4 last year, where bookings growth of 20% plus in both quarters. Look, some of this is frankly us in a resource-constrained environment given our headcount opted out of certain lower-end or less strategic opportunities. And so that's business that we decided not to partake in because we chose to prioritize our resources for elements of our portfolio that are more strategic to our future direction. And clients that are more strategic from a customer segmentation point of view. So that's the first point. The second point I would say is we did see during the course of the quarter, I would say, pipeline progression be a little slower than prior quarters and some pushouts into outer quarter periods, higher levels than traditional. I don't think it's enough to signify by any means and concern from a macro demand point of view because bluntly, the biggest single factor we have is just making sure we get fulfillment, right, as opposed to worrying about the macro environment. We see plenty of opportunity for the clients I see. And frankly, I've probably visited a few hundred clients in the last quarter alone. So it's much more around our fulfillment capabilities and about the choice points we are faced with and that we take in a resource-constrained environment. As I said earlier, the average contract duration is a little bigger because we stepped away from some lower-end staff augmentation deals, and we've had a little bit more success in $50 million-plus category. So that's the dynamics I would articulate.
Brian Humphries: I just want to touch upon the other question around the commercial team. Now we're absolutely committed to the commercial team. The multiyear guidance that we gave in our November Analyst Day, that became part of the 2022 revenue guidance is really about participating in growth markets, orienting the portfolio to our higher-growth categories and making sure we have world-class client-facing teams that are consultative in nature and that are productive in nature. And as many of you know, we've really built out a strong sales operations function here in recent years. We started showcasing to you the bookings position we have. We changed our variable compensation program for our commercial team and with a few years of data that we continue to hone in on opportunities around commercial productivity. But I would say the sales roster or the commercial roster is fundamentally similar to where it was in recent months and quarters, and we continue to want to invest in our commercial team and will invest in our commercial team in the years to come.
Brian Humphries: Yes. Look, it's -- as you'll see in the SEC filings, the Communications, Media and Technology business for us is actually our most profitable industry segment externally. We have tremendous momentum there, a strong team who've been driving good momentum with digital native companies, fully leveraging our intuitive operations and automation business group as well. But we have strong client relationships. We've been executing well. Delivery excellence is very strong. I know a lot of these clients personally, they speak to our differentiated offerings and differentiated delivery. So this has been a business we've been investing in for many years as we've made the portfolio a little bit more diverse beyond healthcare and FSI. Products and Resources and CMT have been growing double digits for many, many years. And CMT is one of the showcases, I think, of our success in that regard, both in the United States as well as internationally. So nothing fundamentally that concerns me in terms of underlying currents there. We just have good momentum and a strong team.
Brian Humphries: All right. With that, thank you, everybody, for joining our call. Look forward to catching up next quarter.
Jan Siegmund: Yes. Rod, I'll jump in. The pricing environment, we would still overall characterize as consistent, and we feel we do have pricing opportunities for us that we are realizing and working hard to achieve. We see better opportunities in our digital opportunities where the demand is really difficult to supply and value is high, our new digital type services as we see better opportunities we talked in last quarter about our initiatives to drive pricing across our entire client portfolio. And we're making progress. We always anticipated that this would be a multi-quarter endeavor. Some of these negotiations are ongoing, but we do see early results, and that's why I mentioned in my commentary that we do see some modest contribution from pricing, not only to margin, but obviously, to our overall margin development.
Jan Siegmund: Yes. Maybe just as a quick reminder, our second quarter is typically a higher attrition quarter that has to do with some of the bonus payments that we issue in the end of March. So we knew that we would have increased attrition that we don't expect to continue throughout the year. So that's number one. It does -- it did turn out to be a little bit higher, maybe also for the revenue impact that we identified, it had -- it did tick up a little bit higher and a little bit more impact in North America than the core of our operation in India. So from a medium-term perspective, I would think we still have elevated attrition levels, although not at the level that we have seen in the second quarter.
Jan Siegmund: Yes. And maybe I'll add the component of the business mix that we have been adding in our growth. We have gotten these questions in past calls. We have been absent from large and mega deals in the past and in the last couple of years. And arguably, that had slow our revenue growth, but it allowed us to much better control our balanced portfolio of the revenue growth within the corridors that we outlined, plus the margin expansion, which is just our fundamental belief will build the compounding, the most quality type business over time.
Jan Siegmund: Yes. Look, I think we are really to -- year-to-date quite close to the path that we had anticipated for the year. So I would point out the trajectory that we definitely look forward to improve is our bookings growth. And obviously, on a relative basis, also our employee attrition because that combination will allow us to drive a revenue growth acceleration basically, within the framework that we have outlined and deliver against our bottom line commitments. So the -- I think those would be the two factors that we'll be working hard. I tried to outline the opportunity that we see is not enterprise-wide unfocused. We can with, focused actions, drive improvements. For example, in my script, I mentioned the North American situation, I think we're going to pay extra attention to drive our North American staffing that will have good revenue impact and will strengthen us. That would be good action. We'll be very careful, encouraging our overall, a lot for revenue growth and bookings throughout our distribution and sales capabilities. And then the rest feels to me is in relatively good shape. We have our SG&A now as we have committed to in a good and controlled environment and we are able to drive that margin balance through this combination. And it is a number of factors that come too, by shifting towards our digital mix, which is accretive to our overall gross margin by making continued progress on our pricing action that will help to drive top line growth and the sustainability of our margin profile. So it's kind of a balance of -- we have kind of the foundations and innovative from my perspective in good shape so that we're now addressing selective areas of improvement for the rest of the year.
Jan Siegmund: Maybe I'll just add some obvious things. Keep in mind that the reported results still reflect the impact of our disposition of Samlink, that is about 200 basis points impact on the growth rate. In substantiation of Brian's comments, we do see, for example, digital revenue and revenue shares catching up to our company average and making progress on that mix. Brian gave you the cut by our sectors, we have also regional success, our regional banking portfolio, for example, continues to perform really and nice growth rates. And from that perspective, we see that continued what we call it a moderated improvement throughout the year to continue.
Jan Siegmund: Yes, Lisa, I'll jump in. Thank you for that question because it's important for us to reiterate that really, our overall strategic framework of capital allocation is unchanged. We still believe M&A is an important tool that we have to enhance the competitiveness of our company to add and augment for us. So what we see here is really purely an operational and time delay basic -- a timing delay of M&A that happens when you develop pipelines and when you pursue deals to do so. It's also a little bit a consequence of a disciplined approach, which we're trying to signal in our prepared remarks. We are thoughtful about how we want to allocate that that capital in this uncertain environment, coming off very lofty valuation expectations, I think it is fairly typical that you have sellers having higher expectations than buyers are willing to do as we see the world through different lenses. And so we observed that a little bit as we also think about how do we justify the expense of M&A in a rational way. We are optimistic overall that we will continue with some M&A in the second half of the year. So we have an active pipeline, but there are always the vagaries of closing those transactions coming out to a mutual agreement. But the -- it would be really purely due to the, I think, the practical situation that we are faced with at this point in time of economy and buyer expectations, outlooks, et cetera.
Jan Siegmund: Yes, Lisa, it is -- keep in mind that number one, for clarification, our revenue performance was really to a very small amount of our expectations. So we are now in the fine-tuning of the sausage-making a little bit around what happened in the quarter. And observation is correct that we have a consistent utilization performance over the last couple of quarters. But we have overlapping impact. For example, our utilization is negatively impacted by our increased intake of college grads. They tend to have warm up times till they become fully productive, and it weighs on our utilization metrics in a simplified way were where we have other tight skill sets that have led to high utilization and lost revenue opportunities. This is in particular the case in North America, where we had higher revenue carrying gaps in our capacity for delivery. And so this localized effect basically, is balancing out and created basically some missed revenue opportunities.
Jan Siegmund: Yes. I guess that comes to me. The margin performance in the first half has been driven by multi-factors, by a balanced set of contributors and I'm anticipating that to continue throughout the year. So pricing had a modest contribution, and we expect our pricing initiative to build on this and will increase in a slightly increase in importance for it. We had really seen good contributions from the strategic measures that Brian talked about, delivery permit optimization. All these factors have a higher intake of college grads, the careful use of subcontractors the shifting actually and could offset a large chunk of the compensation pressure that we're still facing and we anticipate to face throughout the year. So -- and I would say we had actually a slight growth, I think, by 3% SG&A growth in quarter-over-quarter. So there is -- we will be funding the growth that we need for our company, that is a priority. So SGA will now be in the way, our cost controls on SGA won't be limiting our investments into growth, but we are seeing also good progress in other corporate functions to drive efficiencies and simplify our operation, I think that you would expect us to do. So it's the multitude of these factors, and it's kind of a little bit of an art of how react to actual results in the -- within the quarter and emphasize one more than the other to drive the results. Maybe on the reminder is in -- the third quarter is traditionally our highest margin quarter. So we expect actually a sequential increase in margin in the third quarter. And then as you know, in the fourth quarter, our large compensation measure for the broad delivery organization takes place. So we expect some pressure in the fourth quarter and then deliver our guidance for the full year.
Jan Siegmund: I don't think we really give much detail on this. But as Brian mentioned on the bookings performance, where we saw the softness in bookings was disproportionate on what we call shorter-term deals, which makes exactly sense, as Brian had explained. So that portion was affected. But again, our variation from expectation is really a relatively small percentage numbers. So -- but we did see a little bit more pressure on the shorter-end deals compared to the longer-term deals.
Jan Siegmund: Yes. I would not really narrow in on specific drivers by industry. Some of our industry groups have a little bit more difficult compares year-over-year. And you can kind of see that when you look at your -- our tables. But, overall, I think in the short term for the third quarter revenue guidance, is impacted by our year-to-date booking performance to some degree. And then our gradual improvement of our attrition rates kind of lead us to a certain revenue forecast that we have given you in our guidance.
