Rajeev Mehta: Hey, Brian, this is Raj. Look, I think when you look at healthcare, we've invested very heavily on our healthcare practice, and it's really created a differentiated offering which has positioned us well. And if you look at the entire practice, with what's happening with the healthcare ecosystems, with the providers, the payers, and the pharma, with all the collaboration that's going on there, and these are all big practices for us, so I think that we're positioned very well in healthcare. And in addition to that, we've talked about last year we had a couple large M&A transactions, and obviously with those going away, you see a lot of the pent-up demand. So there's still some uncertainty with what happens with the ACA. But overall, I think this year and going into next year with the position we are, we're well positioned. Regarding some of the BPO, we haven't seen any impact on that at all.
Rajeev Mehta: Hi, Jim. This is Raj. So look, I think the overall financial services, I think if we look at the entire practice, obviously insurance continued doing well. Where the challenge is, is a little bit on the banking side. And as we talked about, regional banks are healthy, strong growth. Where we're challenged is on a couple of the large money-center banks. The good news here is obviously we're in a better position than I think we were at this time last year with them. But as we look out, they're still very much focused on the cost side and optimizing that, but we are, obviously, engaged with many of them on digital-type engagements. Now as these projects become larger scale enterprise initiatives, I think we're well positioned to benefit from that. But right now, that's our focus area right now in terms of continuing to invest and continuing to be well positioned for those large enterprise transformations.
Rajeev Mehta: Moshe, the large money central banks obviously have both a European and U.S. presence. So I think you're seeing softness there because of the discretionary work not kicking in as fast as we would like it. Now again, like I said, we're engaged in a lot of the digital initial work with those banks. And as these banks continue to get healthier, I would expect that you would start seeing some more of the enterprise transformation initiatives that we're expecting. And I think we're well positioned. If you look at it from the business to the operations to the technology layers, I think there are very few companies that can help these banks. And so that's obviously areas that we're investing in, and we're hopeful for future growth as they get healthier.
Rajeev Mehta: I have nothing to add to that, Joe. We could say that as we continue the process of building out regional centers in the U.S. as opposed to our historical model where folks have been more onsite in our client locations, I think that that will help drive utilization actually higher, because when we have people in a physical location, our ability to redeploy them across clients and so on and so forth, the project then becomes higher. Now that's a longer-term trend. Our journey of building out regional centers is well underway, but we have some ways to go on that. So I think as regional centers become a greater portion of our overall onsite workforce, I think that will be a contributor to being able to take onsite utilization up higher. And I think, operator, we have time for one more question.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure, Lisa, so I think in terms of overall plans and margin trajectory, I think we're right on track. I think Q2 was a little stronger than we expected. Headcount came down a little faster than we thought and utilization came up a little bit faster than we thought it might, so I think that was positive as we get into the back half of the year, though obviously we'll have raises and promotions. And I would not expect head count to decline from here. It will actually start to tick back up as we continue to invest for growth and as we look forward to next year and what our plans are for growth there, so I think we reached a low point, at least for 2017 anyhow. In terms of the hiring, as you mentioned, we added 10,800 gross hires during the quarter. As has been the case for the last several quarters now, you're really seeing a shift mix towards more of the digital skills, higher-end consulting, designers, the data scientists, et cetera, folks who can support our infrastructure business, and then certainly the digital operations business as well, which is experiencing high growth rates. So it's really a mixture of those three sets of skill types. In terms of the onsite/offshore ratio, we haven't seen a significant change there. You'll see head count shifted a little bit onsite this quarter, but that was really mainly because of the decline in head count for the quarter. So from a hiring perspective, hiring hasn't really shifted from quarter to quarter.
Karen McLoughlin: Ed, this is Karen. We have really not baked in any significant revenue from TMG. As you know, that deal still requires regulatory approval. So in the guidance, we did not bake anything in until we get a little bit more clarity – or anything significant until we get a little bit more clarity around the timing of those approvals.
Karen McLoughlin: I think, Darrin, if I could just add to Frank's comments, if you look at Q3 and Q4, it's just for argument's sake you assume that we're in the middle of the range. I think you'll actually see the growth versus last year – growth rates in Q3 and Q4 would actually be higher than in 2016. So I don't think we're seeing a decelerating trend there.
Karen McLoughlin: So, Bryan, this is Karen. Let me take that. So margins in the back half of the year, there will be a couple of things that will happen. One is we will have raises and promotions kicking in later this year. The other thing, as we mentioned earlier, while we have not assumed a lot of revenue from the TMG contract, there are some ramp-up costs that are already starting to take place that will accelerate as we get into the back half of the year before the contract even moves over officially. And then obviously, we want to continue to invest for growth. So as we always have in the past, when we used to talk about a 19% to 20% range and that we would invest above that to continue to drive growth, the same story holds true this year. So as we think about what we need for next year and beyond to really continue to drive the digital transformation, we will continue to invest. As I mentioned, we would expect head count to certainly not decline any further and, if anything, will start to come back up a little bit as we get back into the back half of the year. So all of those will lead to some decline in margin essentially versus Q2. And as we said earlier, we remain committed to be at least 19.5% for the year and feel that we're very comfortably on track for the 22% in 2019. As it relates to Q4 revenue, I think certainly we are seeing some good growth as we get into the back half of the year. The pipeline continues to be strong. We're seeing a nice recovery in the healthcare practice. So I think we're certainly shaping up for a very nice Q3 and Q4 as we get into the back half of the year.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure, Moshe, I'll take the first part of that and turn it over to Raj for the BFS question. We have not baked any incremental inorganic revenue into our guidance for the remainder of the year. And obviously, we've done a couple of very small deals this year, but nothing that's material in the current run rate either, so the 9% to 10% is essentially organic revenue.
Karen McLoughlin: So, Joseph, this is Karen. I'll talk about that, and obviously Raj and Frank can chime in. But running at 93%, where we were for Q2, is fine. Onsite utilization, as long as it doesn't get above say 95%, is absolutely fine. We can continue to grow at the pace at which we expect to continue to invest in the business. So while it certainly came up from Q1 over the last couple of quarters, utilization has ticked down both onsite and offshore. So bringing it back up into a 93% – 94% range is very comfortable for us and we can continue to invest and drive the growth that we want.
Francisco D'Souza: Why don't I take that, Darrin? It's Frank. I would say we've invested significantly, as you know, over the last years in building and realigning our business around these three practice areas that I talked about that cut across our business segments. And we think we're really well positioned right now to capture the emerging and evolving demand for digital solutions, so I think that's the core driver of our growth. As I said in my prepared comments, three out of our four business segments grew when taken together on average double digits, so strong growth. Financial Services was the only business segment that didn't have strong year-over-year growth. So we feel like we're well positioned. We feel like the solution set that we've been building with these three practice areas is resonating in the marketplace, and we're well positioned. I think as we look to the back half of the year, it's largely that that gave us the confidence to take the lower end of our guidance range up. But just to set the expectation, I would say given where we are in the year at this point, there's not that much time in our business. We don't have a lot of runway here to deliver above the high end of our range. So we think it's a prudent range that we've given you in the 9% to 10% range. I don't think there's a lot above that, but I feel very good about how we're positioned as I think about 2018 and beyond.
Francisco D'Souza: Hi, Tien-Tsin. It's Frank. Let me try to take that. Look, the BPaaS pipeline is really healthy right now. We feel very, very good about the TriZetto BPaaS, the healthcare BPaaS opportunities. Obviously, TMG Health is part of a relationship, BPaaS relationship that we are building with TMG's parent, HCSC. And so that's just one example that we feel good about where we are with healthcare BPaaS. And I think that it's fair to say that our strong performance – part of our strong performance in healthcare this second quarter and going forward is the result of the investments that we've made in the scaling up of our BPaaS offerings, so good traction there. As I said in my prepared remarks, the healthcare cloud, the TriZetto Healthcare Cloud that we launched on Microsoft Azure, it's still early days. We have 300 active TriZetto clients that we could migrate over. We absolutely will go back to them and work with them on the migration. And as I said, the economics will generally be a one-time revenue opportunity for us to migrate but then an ongoing revenue opportunity for us to manage, maintain, monitor, upgrade, support those implementations once they're in our cloud. And then of course, there's an additional opportunity beyond that, which is converting them to our full BPaaS offering once they're on our cloud, so I think it's a multi-layer opportunity. Given that the 300 clients range from small health plans all the way up to the very biggest health plans, each individual opportunity I think is quite different and varied in size. And so I'm not going to give you an overall opportunity, but 300 clients and I think multi-layers of the opportunity as I look over multiple years.
Francisco D'Souza: It's Frank. I would say that we continue to push forward actively across many areas of the business in looking at applying advanced automation. And I would just remind you that historically, we've always had a practice of automating in our businesses, in our practices. So my comments here are related specifically to what I think of as advanced automation that makes use of new technologies like robotic process automation and artificial intelligence and machine learning and so on and so forth. We gave you a few examples during our prepared remarks in our Digital Operations business. We have several clients. We have a proprietary Cognizant technology that came to us as part of the TriZetto acquisition, which we've now expanded, not just to serve healthcare clients but to serve a broad range of clients. That combined with the work we're doing with third-party automation providers, we now have hundreds of thousands of – we process hundreds of thousands of transactions across many clients. But we're not stopping there. We are working to automate in our Digital Systems & Technology business, particularly infrastructure, application value management, quality engineering services. All of these are opportunities for us to automate, and we continue to do that. So that's the second part of it. The third part of it is that as we're building out industry solutions, as Raj spoke about, we often find that, for example, in the digital automation fabric that Raj mentioned, machine learning and artificial intelligence are important components there as well. So across the business, we continue to push forward very hard in automation. It's hard to give you quantitative numbers. We're seeing automation benefits anywhere from 10%, 20% productivity to 30% productivity. There's a wide range in there. And I think we'll continue to see those benefits as the impact of automation broadens across the business. And I think that's part of the reason that we will continue to drive utilization higher as we automate more.
Francisco D'Souza: Hi, Damian, it's Frank. Let me try to address that. I would say just it has been historically been Cognizant's pattern that in any period – month, quarter, year – the vast majority of our revenues come from cross-sell to existing clients. The foundation of our business model, as you know, is serving a small number of clients, serving them very deeply, building multiyear-long relationships with our clients. So that continues to be the case with digital. I would remind you that core to our competitive advantage in digital is this notion that we're able to use the knowledge that we have of our clients' technology environments, our clients' operating model to help them as they look at transforming their business model. And so our perspective on digital is this transformation of the business model, the operating model, and the technology model simultaneously. That's really where we feel we have a really strong core competitive advantage, and that advantage is strongest where we have existing relationships. And we've had a long history of serving the client and understand their technology and operating models in detail. So I would say that a significant portion, certainly the majority of our digital revenue comes from cross-selling to existing clients.
Francisco D'Souza: Let me try to address that. So first just the data, as said in my prepared remarks, consulting is now just shy of 6,000 people. It has been a focus of ours for more than a decade. We continue to grow it. Our consulting capability is – I would say in the last few years we've really, really focused it and emphasized the vertical aspect of consulting very, very hard. So I think our 6,000 consultants, the vast majority of them are deep domain experts in the industries where Cognizant is strong. And increasingly now the work they do is very focused on digital transformation and leading various aspects of our clients' digital transformations. We will continue to grow, and we will continue to scale Consulting. We remain very committed to that business. You're absolutely right. The Consulting team is becoming a more and more integral part of our client account management teams as they build long-term relationships with clients beyond the technology organizations, and so that's a trend that we view as positive and will continue. And then in terms of margin impact, I think proportionately I don't see Consulting growing dramatically as an overall part of the total company revenue, so I don't think that it has a meaningful margin impact one way or the other. We continue to be very comfortable with our ability to grow that part of the business and still maintain our overall margin goals as we think about 2018 and 2019.
Francisco D'Souza: And so with that, I'll wrap up. I'd like to thank everybody for joining us today and for your questions, and we look forward to talking with all of you again next quarter. Thank you.
