Karen McLoughlin: Sure. Tien-tsin, this is Karen. Let me take that. So as you would have seen obviously, we took up the bottom end of the revenue guidance to about 8.4%, which did account for the Boulder acquisition. However, FX also moved against us so that offset about half of the benefit that we'll get from Boulder this year. So if you recall, at the beginning of the year, we had said there was about 100 basis points of FX year-over-year impact. That number has now dropped to about a 70 basis point impact on a year-over-year basis because of the recent movement in the European currencies.
Karen McLoughlin: Yes. So on an organic basis, no changes in our guidance other than for Boulder and the FX movement as we talked about. The 606, as you saw, was a little over $20 million for the quarter. Obviously, that's more of a timing issue than anything because, ultimately, that reverses as those contracts mature. So on a full year basis, we still don't expect to have a material impact from 606.
Karen McLoughlin: And Bryan, so to answer your question about headcount. So I do think that as we look to the next few months, we'll start to see headcount increase on an overall basis. There's a number of things. Obviously, did a great job of bringing up utilization last year, and it held fairly flat on a sequential basis from Q4 to Q1 both on-site and offshore. But I wouldn't want to take it up much beyond where we are right now given the current environment and the demand environment and this need for new skills and so forth that we're seeing in the marketplace. But having said that, while you've got headcount growth and strong demand obviously in digital, then there are parts of the business where automation and so forth are also helping us to drive utilization and manage headcount more effectively. So I do think you'll see headcount grow in the coming months. But as we've talked about in the past, I would no longer expect headcount and revenue to grow in line with each other as the business continues to evolve.
Karen McLoughlin: Yes. And I think, Jim, let's also keep in mind there is some seasonality to attrition, right? So we tend to see attrition spike after bonus payments. You tend to see a spike after promotions and raises and so forth. And if you recall, last year, we didn't -- we've deferred our promotions and the raises until the fourth quarter. So I think we've seen a little bit of a change in the seasonality pattern. Obviously, this year, we expect to do raises and promotions on a normal schedule, back in early Q3, but there is some seasonality to those numbers.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. Jason, it's Karen. So in terms of where the attrition is happening, it does tend to be in the lower ends of the pyramid, which is historically where we've seen attrition. Over the years, the middle, top end of our pyramid tend to have very low attrition, tend to be skewed towards offshore obviously, which is where the vast majority of our - the junior part of our pyramid is based. So that's fairly consistent with what we've seen during other periods of high attrition. In terms of wages, we will base ourselves on what the market does, both in India and elsewhere around the world. And so as that becomes a little bit more apparent as to what competitors are doing, we will certainly make sure that we are competitive in the marketplace in that regard.
Karen McLoughlin: Yes. And I think, Moshe, if I could just add to that. In fact -- obviously, while banking is growing slower than the overall Financial Services practice, Q1 was, in fact, the strongest year-over-year growth in the last several quarters. So I think while still not where we'd like it to be, it's certainly starting to trend in the right direction. And then in regards to your question of legacy versus digital type spend, the banking practice is right in line with company average. So the company average is about 29% of our revenue right now is digital, and that's right in line with our Financial Services practices as well.
Karen McLoughlin: So in terms of -- Ashwin, in terms of the rev rec changes, obviously, a lot of this is a timing issue. So depending on the timing of contracts and the structure of contracts and so forth, revenue will get pulled forward or deferred. And similarly, on the margin side, what happens is, under the new rules, there are more of the -- what I would call transition or implementation costs that we are required to capitalize than we did in the past. So you saw a little bit of that impact in Q1. At this point, we're not expecting that to have a material impact on the quarter -- or on the year rather. But obviously, as new contracts come in, that will certainly make the final determination of what that looks like. In terms of -- go ahead, Frank. I'll turn it over to Frank for reskilling.
Karen McLoughlin: Yes. So I think, as I talked about on the call, we did bring back about $2 billion back to the U.S., which was obviously a benefit we could do after U.S. tax reform. We've spent about 1/4 of that, about $500 million -- just under $500 million on Boulder. Certainly, our objective is to make sure that we have enough flexibility around the world, not just in the U.S. but in Europe and elsewhere, to take advantage of transactions as they occur. As Frank said, right, the timing is not always that predictable. So certainly, we will continue to evaluate our cash needs around the world and also evaluate the capital return program as we look forward over the next few months.
Karen McLoughlin: Yes. So Rod, it's Karen. Let me take a stab at that. I think, as you said, right, there's a number of different factors at play. And as we think about our margin profile and the targets that we set out for ourselves, the 22% in 2019, that was really a compilation of a number of things. So we knew, and I think we said this last year, that, certainly, the 2017 and early 2018 improvements would come from utilization and optimizing some of our SG&A spend and some of our business unit overhead spend. And certainly, we've been right on track with the benefits that we expected to achieve from that. We took a lot of those actions in '17. You're now getting the full year benefit of that in '18. And then as we look forward into 2019, it is more about the shift in the business, so the shift to digital, which is currently running at higher margin than the rest -- than the core business as well as the platform business. As that continues to evolve and mature, that starts to look much more like a nonlinear business and drive higher margins. So we're sort of, right, I guess I would say, in that pivot of now looking towards the shift in the business mix to continue to drive the margins for next year. So you do have a number of things that are offsetting each other, but we are very comfortable with the trajectory of the business at this point. We've made very good traction on the -- what I would call the cost optimization, still more room on things that we think we can do around pyramid and driving automation and so forth in the business. But we continue to evolve, and then, obviously, we'll have to see where the market is heading as we get into 2019 and beyond.
Karen McLoughlin: Yes. And I think if I could just add to that, Bryan. I think what's nice with the suite of offerings we have now in health care, with the Boulder acquisition in particular, is that really does open up that full end-to-end market of not just the payers, which has been our historical strength, but also the provider market. And with the platforms now that we have between Boulder and TriZetto and so forth, we can really offer that full-service suite of offerings for clients. And it also opens up a whole new market of clients not just in the provider. But even in the payer space, what we're seeing is now, with the platform business, bigger opportunities with what I'd call small and mid-sized payers who historically wouldn't have had enough spend, frankly, to be significant clients for us. But with the platform business, we can really open up those opportunities now, and we continue to be, I think, very bullish on the long-term benefits and opportunities for health care.
Karen McLoughlin: So on Boulder, Glenn, we didn't break it out, but it's roughly - this year, it'd be roughly $100 million of contribution, fairly neutral on the margin line, a little bit dilutive but not enough to be material. So - and then, obviously, we'll expect the synergies to start to kick in probably not this year but certainly maybe split into this year or as we get into next year. And then, Raj, you want to comment on...
Karen McLoughlin: So Arvind, our guidance does not include prospective M&A. It includes the benefits of Boulder and the deals that we've already completed, but it does not include prospective M&A.
Karen McLoughlin: Yes, sure. So Frank, regarding the tax, right, I think, as we all understand, the new U.S. tax laws were put in place fairly quickly back in the fourth quarter. And as we've gone into 2018, there's been a lot of folks continuing to look at the language in the tax law and continuing to refine both the interpretation of the laws. And in some cases, there have been some clarifications and updates to that. In particular, the one area of focus that has received some, I guess I would call it, review scrutiny is around what they call the global intangible low tax income or GILTI. And essentially, what that means for us is that it provides a limit on the amount of foreign tax credits that we're able to get. This was not clear back in the fourth quarter and back in February when we gave the original guidance, but as we've looked at the law more closely, at least in its current writing, we believe that, that will impact our tax rate for this year. And as we've said, it's about $0.09 of EPS. It is possible that there may be some clarifications around this later this year or in the future or perhaps even a complete revision. We're not sure at this point. But for now, we thought it prudent to base our tax -- our guidance and our tax rate and EPS on the law as it is currently drafted, and that's what caused the change in the impact there. For anybody who has more questions, you can certainly reach out to us on that, and there will be more clarification in our 10-Q filing when that is filed later today or tomorrow.
Rajeev Mehta: Yes. Bryan, this is Raj. I'll take the first part, and then Karen can answer the second part. Look, financial -- our banking portfolio, I think, it's in transition. Obviously, you're seeing a good healthy growth in the mid-tier banks, but the challenge is obviously the large money-center banks. And honestly, our portfolio is in transition. In one side, you have some of our portfolio which represents more of the legacy work. That continues to get optimized. And with that, we continue to evaluate what we think is strategic and to make sure that we can continue to deliver high margins on that work. And then we're starting to see a strong pickup on the digital portfolio at these banks, and we're actually winning a lot of work there. And we're winning in mobility solutions. We're winning in legacy app modernization, even some initial work in blockchain. So the business in digital is really growing at a healthy pace, consistent to the overall Cognizant digital growth. But - so the overall - look, the business is growing there. But the portfolio, as we get - as additional digital spend continues, I think then we'll start getting back to the healthy strong growth that we've seen in banking.
Rajeev Mehta: Yes. Jim, this is actually Raj. Look, we don't break out the voluntary and involuntary. I think the key point to notice are the number that we quoted includes everything, includes our attrition that happens in our BPO business, our training pool, all the voluntary, involuntary and plus the trainees. I think one thing you got to keep in mind in this -- look, obviously, we're committed to reducing the number in terms of attrition. But we've invested over the past -- I would say, over the past seven years, we've been investing a lot around digital, especially with all of our SMAC, social mobility analytics and cloud initiatives. So in addition to that, we've trained many of our associates around all the digital skills, and so it's not surprising, especially in this environment that we're at. A lot of our employees, a lot of our associates, given their latest digital technology skills, it's not a surprise our competitors use that as an opportunity to attract associates. But we continue to monitor the levels. I think we've seen this in the past during the dot-com days. We had fluctuations in terms of our attrition. But we continue to attract, we continue to monitor and we continue to engage our employees. And we think we have a great platform for growth for our associates, and we would expect that -- attrition levels to come down in the future quarters.
Rajeev Mehta: Yes, Moshe. So look, what I said is that we are having -- we're starting to see a pickup on the spend on the digital side of the business, and it is growing at a very healthy pace, with -- in line with the company. I think with that, right, as we continue to -- the large money-center banks, you're starting -- they're obviously much healthier with all the -- some of the changes with the tax reform. You're starting to see more spending there. So I would expect that as some of these engagements continue to get larger and more prevalent with the "money-center" banks, at some point, you'll get the increasing demand there to outstrip some of the optimization that's happening in the legacy portfolio. So in terms of the business -- I mean, in terms of -- we are going -- so the business is growing even with all the focus on some of the optimization. And then along with that, right, you have some of the money-center banks also looking at - with some of the changes in regulatory and amount of work that they've outsourced, they continue to look at some work in-house as well too. So overall, with all that, the business is growing, and I would expect some sort of pickup at some point later in the year.
Rajeev Mehta: Yes. Bryan, it's Raj. Look, overall, health care continues to do well for us. I think probably one of the few companies that have been able to -- with investments that we've made in health care now that we -- not only the payer side of the business, but we also have an opportunity to expand our provider side of the business as well. Look, in terms of the large pipeline, right, I mean, I think those deals -- like we have done those BPaaS deals around TriZetto, there continues to be some large type of deals sort of like the Emblem ones that we have done in the past, but those take a long time to materialize. So it's hard to predict when they will come in, but we do have some of those out there. But in addition to that, we've seen a lot of progress around our TMG BPaaS solutions as well. As you're aware, it addresses the Medicare, Medicaid. So we're seeing a lot of good traction and, along with that, a lot of new products that are coming out of the TriZetto space as well, the QNXT platform that addresses more the small player and then our CareAdvance solution as well. So in addition to that, right, as you're aware, there's a lot of potential mergers and acquisitions that are out there. We're excited about the opportunity because not only are we working for the company that may get acquired, but the acquiree as well too. So I think, as those transactions continue to develop, I think there'll be good opportunity for future M&A work as well.
Rajeev Mehta: Yes. So Glenn, look, I think we're starting to see a little bit of pickup in retail, but I think when I compare it to previous years, it's still a little sluggish. I mean we're starting to see the retailers are starting to invest a lot in emerging technologies, such as robotic, RPA and intelligent automation and even AI algorithms. So we're starting to see that, but again, when I compare it to previous years, it's still a little sluggish for us.
Francisco D'Souza: Jim, it's Frank. I would say largely consistent with what we have said in the past, which is that the primary focus will continue to be small tuck-ins. And as we've said in the past, as we become bigger, the definition of what is small and what tucks in gets larger. Boulder was a little bit bigger compared to things that we've done in the past. But I'm also - and I've said that we are open to looking at something that's larger, more transformative if it's the right thing. We feel like the TriZetto acquisition that we did a few years ago is now well integrated. We have the capability and the capacity, the management bandwidth to be able to integrate something larger at this point. But we'll be cautious, and we will only do something large if it makes strategic sense that the - and the economics work and we think we can create value for shareholders obviously. The places that we'd obviously be continuing to look would be things like digital. We've talked a lot about digital and the progress we've made there. If we found something that could accelerate our shift to digital, we would consider something along those lines. If you - we look at international expansion. We talked about international on the script today and I think that -- in prepared comments. I think those are also interesting potential opportunities. We think there's plenty of growth left for us in non-U.S. markets, so we could look at something like that. And then, of course, we continue, like we did with TriZetto, to look at software and IP and platforms and those kinds of assets.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes. Ashwin, I'm not sure how exactly to answer your question on reskilling. What I'd -- as you know, we reskilled tens of thousands of employees last year. We continue to do that quite aggressively, but that's not some -- that's not a recent phenomenon. As Raj pointed out, we've been skilling and training -- and more than skilling and training, we've been executing projects in the digital area for the better part of seven or eight years now from the time we first talked to you about SMAC and so on and so forth. So we think we've got a very digitally scaled and skilled workforce. And as Raj pointed out, I think part of the reason that we're seeing higher attrition is that competitors view us as a good place to get talent from. So and again, that's not inconsistent with what we've seen in past technology transitions. We have a very structured process and a very -- we're very focused when we reskill or retrain somebody. We get them deployed in the new skills as quickly as we can so that, from a career management standpoint, obviously, it's maximizing our investment when we do that, but it's also an important retention tool. So when you think about how we go through the process, reskilling and retraining and redeploying is really the primary source. And then we rely on recruiting to fill gaps when our reskilling and retraining and redeploying doesn't create the right skills in the right geographies or the right locations. So recruiting is sort of the -- in a sense, the last resort when we can't fill from internally. And when I say recruiting, I mean experienced recruiting. Of course, we're always recruiting at the entry level to continue to grow the business.
Francisco D'Souza: I would say, Brian, the pipeline of small tuck-in acquisitions continue to be robust. I would characterize it as about the same as it's been over the last 12 months, maybe a little bit more robust but not meaningfully so. And then the bigger deals are - we continue to evaluate different things, but those are, I would say, so unique that I don't think we'd have any more substantial -- any more of a substantial pipeline than we've had in the past. We've always continued to look at the bigger deals. But as I said before, we'll be very careful and cautious on what we do, and it's got to be a good fit. So if we find something that makes sense this year, clearly, we'll look at it and we'll execute on it, but it isn't a foregone conclusion by any stretch that we would do something this year. We'll continue to look and evaluate. And I'll turn it over to Karen on U.S. cash.
Francisco D'Souza: Arvind, it's Frank. There are, I guess, a number of different areas within digital, so I'll point out a few of the key high-growth ones. First of all, digital engineering, which is sort of the new way of app development, is obviously high growth. And continuing within what we call digital systems and technology, things like cybersecurity, cloud migration, replatforming to the cloud, all of those are, I would say, high growth. Within the digital operations business, the higher growth parts there are, as Raj pointed out, robotic process automation, intelligent process automation, using other forms of automation and artificial intelligence to automate key business processes. And then within our digital business practice, virtually all of that is higher growth. You look at things like data and insight, you look at Cognizant interactive that I spoke a little bit about during my prepared comments, looking at smart products both within the [indiscernible] and the digital business portfolio. So digital business is almost entirely all high growth. So that gives you a little bit of a picture. As I -- as we said in the past, there is no real consistent definition of digital across the industry. So I think our definition is a prudent but perhaps somewhat conservative definition. We are trying to give you a good sense of kind of what we think of as the core high-value digital works that we do so that you get a sense of the progress that we're making as we continue that shift. And I think the second part of your question was on skilling and retraining. I think that we've talked a lot about skilling and retraining, and we're doing a lot of it, equally focusing on rotation of our associates across the business because we think it's important to give people exposure to multiple technologies and skills and capabilities. I think one of the things that's just worth noting is that, in many ways, the company has a very strong engine of retraining and reskilling. It's not something that we've -- that's new in the digital world. I mean, we've been reskilling and retraining our employees from day one. So we've got a very strong DNA, and we've got a very strong capability. And I think reskilling, retraining is something that we do particularly well.
Francisco D'Souza: Sure, Frank. Let me talk about growth outside the U.S. As we said during -- I said during the prepared comments, last year, our non-U.S. market crossed $3 billion. We still think there's tremendous opportunity upside and growth there. We see -- as you know, the economies around the world are -- certainly in the markets where we participate largely, are doing quite well. The economies are doing well, so we see the same fundamental drivers of growth in many parts of the world as we see in the U.S. -- of digital adoption as we see in the U.S. In some parts of the world, as happens with technology, you even see stronger growth as some economies leapfrog one generation of technology and go straight to digital, skipping over older generations of technologies. So we see good demand around the world. And in general, as we've said, the margin on our digital work is higher than company average margin. And let me turn it over to Karen on the tax question.
Francisco D'Souza: Great. And with that, I think we'll wrap up. I want to thank everybody for joining us again today and for your questions. And we look forward to speak with you again next quarter. Thanks, everybody.
