Gordon J. Coburn: Tien-tsin, it's Gordon. The majority of it is the client-specific issues. The smaller piece of it is the longer sales cycle on the transformational deals, and it's a combination. Some of it is clients aren't spending quite as much as we expected on some projects we were anticipating, and some of it is delays in decisions, where clients -- at clients that had changes in leadership. So -- but certainly, it's more related towards client-specific issues at a handful of clients.
Gordon J. Coburn: And it's Gordon. Your question about are people focused on price or rate card versus total cost of ownership, clearly, in most cases, it's total cost of ownership, particularly where intermediaries are involved. Because when you focus on total cost of ownership, you can have a win-win situation, which is the basis for long-term success. So the focus is on efficiency. It's on effectiveness. As Francisco mentioned, it's on automation. It's on process improvement. And as long as we can deliver a lower cost of ownership to the client, that's what they care about, rather than what the rate card is.
Gordon J. Coburn: It's not less revenue per person because, if it's lower cost of ownership and I'm pulling the efficiency automation process improvement levers, I can do the work with less people. So yes, it can result to providing the same service with less people and, therefore, less revenue. But remember, that's on the run better side. And what clients are doing is they're freeing up those dollars and then investing them on the run different side. So as long as we can provide services on both sides of the house, that model works well for us.
Gordon J. Coburn: And on your question about wage inflation. First of all, our increases and promotions, a vast majority are effective July 1. We're going to be in line with the other leading players, so that translates into roughly 10% wage inflation offshore and on-site wage inflation in the lower single digits.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. So first of all, the larger transformational deals, the revenue largely kicks in next year, not in the second half of this year because, obviously, we have to get regulatory approvals in addition to all that. So that's -- helps drive next year. We are seeing -- we are pleased with the pipeline. You look at Horizon 2 as an example. We can now compete in larger deals. Because it was one of these things, you had to have scale to compete in larger deals. We now have the scale. So when I look at the pipeline, I don't just look at number of deals, but I look at the size of the deals, and the size is clearly materially larger. When I look at our traditional Horizon 1 businesses, clearly, Europe is a lot better than it had been. And that's a combination of the market's more open to it and, quite honestly, our execution has gotten better as we've done some acquisitions and as we've won some marquee names. We're picking up some traction in the Middle East. In the near -- in the short term, certainly, BFS and health care, we expect to be a bit soft. A little too early to know what that'll be for next year in sort of the core, less so the pipeline, but just take growth of the core existing customers. But I want to be -- and we tried to stress this on the earlier part of the call. This is not -- our adjustment in guidance is not due to the market. It's due to specific clients. And fortunately, sometimes, you are fortunate with what your specific clients are doing. And sometimes, you're unfortunate. This time -- many times, we've been fortunate in the past. This time, we've been unfortunate. But it is isolated to a relatively -- the majority of the impact is isolated to a relatively small number of clients. The overall market demand, we're actually feeling quite good about, as -- and I think you've seen that evidence from many of our competitors.
Gordon J. Coburn: So Joe, I'm assuming you're talking more about the larger transformational deals. It took a little longer just to get all our ducks in a row, and then you run into some year-end timing of when you start doing the work. So some of that did get pushed out from what we initially expected. On the -- we will be picking up some intellectual property as part of one of these deals, which we think we can leverage with other clients. So there will be some asset pickups as part of this in terms of intellectual property. And we're taking on some people who we think are going to be wonderful contributors on a long-term basis.
Gordon J. Coburn: I'm not sure it -- they differ materially from a revenue standpoint. As they start ramping up, we recognize revenue depending on the deal, if it's time and material or if it's fixed price. So I'm not sure the dynamics are any different, other than when do you start the ramp-up. The margin profiles, those will differ from client to client. Some are normal margin profiles from day 1. Others, you have an investment phase. But obviously, we can handle the -- we have the room for that within our existing margin ranges.
Gordon J. Coburn: The answer is it's a combination. There are some cases where you have a new leader come in and they want to reevaluate overall IT priorities. Other times, they want to reevaluate their sourcing strategy. But normally, it's they just want to understand what they're spending money on. In other cases, it's situations where a client is just going to spend less money. And that's going to impact us as well. Or that their priorities of sourcing have changed. So it's -- when I look across the handful of clients where we've been impacted, it's no single answer, but it's -- it tends to be some combination of all those.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. Let me take the first question of, on the larger deals, is there a margin impact. Each -- with these large deals, both the 3 that we talked about here and others, the margin -- the characteristics are a little bit different on each one. Some, it's sort of normal margins or steady margins from day 1. Others, there are an investment period. But let me be clear, the ones where there are investment period, we can handle those within our existing margin profile because they are also larger deals that are coming out of the investment period. So as long as you kind of have these things staggered, you're fine. So we're comfortable with that. But the margin -- the timing of the margin will differ from deal to deal. On capital structure, as we've been saying for a while, we think the right answer for us is to focus on share repurchases. And if you look historically, we've been a -- we've looked at relative valuation of Cognizant to the market in terms of deciding how aggressive to be. And even in Q2, we picked up the pace of acquisition -- of share repurchases from Q1. Obviously, we're signaling that we can -- we expect to continue to do share repurchases with the expansion of the program. We do not have any plans near term to focus on a dividend. Because a dividend, once you start doing it, obviously, you want to continue doing it. And this is still a very dynamic market. We think we're going to end up being a clear leader in the market, and we want to make sure we have the flexibility to do that as acquisitions may come up or other things may come up. So we don't want to box ourselves in, and that's why we think share repurchases are the right way to go, because it gives us more flexibility. And obviously, even before today, share repurchases were accretive to earnings.
Gordon J. Coburn: Also, we do see a client here and there where they have a real budget gap that they have to close, which goes against overall industry trends. But it does impact that particular client, and we've seen that as well.
Gordon J. Coburn: So let me caveat my comments with we've not gone through the budget cycle with clients, and we clearly don't want to get ahead of ourselves and talk about 2015. But we -- the issues we face this year are not market demand issues, and you're seeing that from our competitors. They are client-specific to us. When we look at those that are client-specific to us, we think a lot of the -- many of those challenges wash out of the system by the end of this year. So I don't think we have the headwinds from those specific clients as we go into next year, or at least in aggregate. But obviously, we want to go through the planning cycle with the other 900 and -- or other 1,000 clients before we have a full view on 2013. Certainly, we're pleased that we have some stuff under our belt now with these transformational deals that we've won. And certainly, we've been winning other stuff, just doesn't rise to the size that were talked about on the call.
Gordon J. Coburn: In the term -- use the term business wins, not just new logos but growth of existing accounts. Essentially, we have an anchor of a handful of accounts that are offsetting really quite healthy growth at the vast majority of our accounts. And we -- and that anchor doesn't continue to decline as we go into next year, is our belief. But once again, we haven't done the planning yet on what the other 1,000 clients will do. That will be part of the budget process.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. So going from Q1 to Q2, we always see an increase in attrition -- or almost always. The reason why is we pay out our bonuses in March. So people who are waiting for their bonuses who are planning to leave would leave, plus you have people going back for higher education. So we're down about 2 points from second quarter of last year. Still running a little bit higher than we want but certainly in better shape than we -- much better shape than we were last year. That's one reason, obviously, why we gave salary increments at the higher end of the industry, because we wanted to send a strong message to our people about the -- at Cognizant, they can have terrific careers and great growth paths. So we'll continue to watch it. But the key things we're doing is a lot of efforts around employee engagement that we started when we saw a spike last year, and that has helped things. We've given healthy increments, which we think will help things. So continue to keep an eye on it, but the trend is actually -- seasonally adjusted trend is actually going in the direction that we want. Not fully there, but certainly, we've made good progress.
Gordon J. Coburn: Yes. I think the ramp is fairly clear, based on the assumption of timing of when it starts next year, and we've been a little bit conservative on the timing just to play it safe. Obviously, as we've said in our press release, the Health Net deal is subject to contract finalization and applicable regulatory approvals, which -- so we've got to get through that process. But we've been a bit conservative in terms of when the ramp actually starts.
Francisco D'souza: Tien-tsin, it's Frank. Look, I think -- we're talking about a small handful of clients, some of our larger clients. And in terms of the spend coming back, look, I think our relationships at across-the-board remain very, very healthy. But given where we are in the year, the dynamics of our business are such that if you don't start projects and ramp up in the early part of the first half of the year, then it's hard to make it up on the back end. But as we go into next year, look, I think we are positioned well with our client base, depending on where budgets come out and so on and so forth, those dynamics. I think we're well positioned to capture our fair share or an unfair share of what our clients are going to be spending and these same clients in the longer term.
Francisco D'souza: Yes, let me -- Ed, it's Frank. Let me talk about the first part, and I'll turn it over to Gordon for the second piece of your question. For several quarters now, we've been talking to you about this trend towards larger, more integrated services deals. And that's really driven at the fundamental level by the fact that increase -- there's an increasing body now of evidence and a track record at Cognizant at combining multiple service areas together, the traditional application development and application maintenance, IT infrastructure and BPO, allows us to combine those service areas together and create a way -- apply techniques like Lean Six Sigma, advanced automation and so on to drive even greater levels of productivity and efficiency. So as our clients face this dual mandate, which is very, very real, of how do I run my operations better in order to fund the investments that I need in order to run different, this trend towards larger integrated deals is something that we're seeing more and more of. I think in that context, the role of the advisors certainly is more pronounced than it had been in our traditional model. But I would also say that the traditional model is still very much the large piece of the business, where it's sort of a more land and expand kind of a model, where we win a client, tend to do some initial project and then expand from there. So that's still the big piece of our revenue growth. I just want to make that clear because we've spent a lot of time in our prepared comments in talking about these transformational deals, which is an important trend, but it's still a smaller part of the overall revenue mix.
Francisco D'souza: Look, I think -- it's Frank. I think the fundamentals of our industry remain very, very strong, right? Our thesis has been that we operate in a very large market that's highly fragmented, and it gives the opportunity for us to gain incremental share. And that -- those fundamentals still hold. And so I think we're very confident that, with our strategy of reinvesting in the business, there are still a lot of long-term growth opportunities. And in the long run, I think we can continue to drive industry-leading growth. It's too early for me to comment on 2015 specifically. As you know, we go through the cycle at -- towards the end of the year and in the early part of the subsequent year as clients go through the budgeting process and so on and so forth. But when I step back and just look at the overall situation, we're going through this big transition in the market in technology that's creating this dual mandate for our clients. We're still in a fragmented market. We are underpenetrated in key geographies around the world. I think those fundamentals remain strong and allow us to, if we continue to invest, to maintain industry-leading growth.
Francisco D'souza: I think it's probably -- it's -- the market is, I think, buying in a different way. Steve, I think that there is a growing recognition in the marketplace. And it's a position that we hold as well, that by combining service lines together, we can drive greater levels of efficiency and effectiveness for clients. And as you know, clients across the industries that we serve, we've been talking about this for some time, are under continued pressure to drive ever-greater levels of productivity, efficiency, effectiveness. That's what we call the run better part of the dual mandate. And so creating these large integrated deals is just a natural outcome of that. In parallel with that, since we recognized this trend several years ago, we've been building out the core individual service lines that are required to service these large integrated deals. And largely, those are the traditional Cognizant application development and application maintenance service line, the IT Infrastructure service line and the BPS service line, and all of that wrapped with a consulting layer that Cognizant Business Consulting provides. So we feel like we're well positioned. Our capabilities, the ones that we've invested in over the last few years, really enable us to play in these large integrated deals.
Francisco D'souza: I think it's a little bit of both, frankly, Glenn. What's happened is, as Gordon said, sometimes, we're seeing clients reassessing priorities, shifting dollars from, say, run better to run different kinds of initiatives. And other times, it's just been just straight delays, frankly, where projects get pushed out. And as I said earlier, when that happens, just given the calendarization and the timing of things during the year, it becomes difficult to, essentially, to catch up in the year.
Francisco D'souza: Yes, I think -- this is Frank. Let me -- Brian, let me just step back and say, first of all, that I think there are different kinds of renewal circumstances and situations. And I think, as I said earlier, the vast majority of our business continues to be what I think of as the traditional model in which we've operated, where we tend to have preferred vendor status with a client and we win projects incrementally as the clients identify new work. Now sometimes, that's renewal work. For example, we might be doing an engagement -- a maintenance engagement that comes up, and then the client renews it. That tends to be one renewal cycle. And generally speaking, those fall under the overall sort of master agreement that we have with the client. Those master services agreements will sometimes come up for renewal once every several years. And the competitive dynamics there have largely remained unchanged, I think, over several years. There's nothing remarkable about that. So that's what I consider to be the normal cycle of our business. On top of that, we're seeing this trend towards larger deals. And I think we are benefiting from this trend towards larger deals. There, what's happening is that the client is either taking a traditional, what I would consider to be a more legacy kind of contract, usually that's in infrastructure, and moving it to a global services model and then combining that with applications and/or with BPO to create these integrated deals. In those cases, the competitive dynamics are such that we're able to drive a lot of additional value by combining those together. We have a very, very strong process historically of understanding what the levers are that we can pull in each of those circumstances and translate that into, as Gordon said earlier, lower total cost of ownership for the client. In those cases, the competitive dynamics are such that the advisors play a little bit of a stronger role. And oftentimes, as is the case in some of the big transactions that we announced today, the scope of those larger deals includes some current scope that Cognizant is already executing. So in a sense, it becomes a renewal, but a much larger renewal because you take the existing scope of work that we might already be executing for the client, you add a lot more around it to create a much larger deal. So that's sort of a second kind of renewal circumstance. So I don't know if that gives you some color around how these renewals are playing out. But overall, we feel good about our competitive position and our ability to win in those circumstances.
Francisco D'souza: Jason, I think, look, we've -- we're taking a long, hard look at all of our internal processes to understand if we need to adjust how we think about our own forecasting and then, as you said, translating that into the guidance that we provide. I think the reality is that we're going through a somewhat of a transition in the marketplace, as I've said several times over the last quarters, where you have these big technology shifts going on. And that's leading to some -- I think it's leading to 2 things, right? One is great opportunity for us. I feel really optimistic about how we're positioned and the opportunities that are available to us in the marketplace. It also leads to a more dynamic market, a much more dynamic demand environment with shifting client priorities. And that makes it a little difficult to get clear longer-term fixes on exactly where we are in terms of revenue and so on and so forth. We'll continue to do everything we possibly can to strengthen our internal processes and to give you and the rest of our investors a clear -- as clear a picture as we can. That's been our historical approach. At this point, I don't see sort of fundamental internal operational issues that would require us to retool the way we forecast or anything like that fundamentally. But we continue to look at that just all the time and look at how we, ourselves, can run better and run different, just as we explain that to our clients.
Francisco D'souza: All right. Well, thanks, everybody, for joining us today and for your questions. We appreciate your time, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
