Gordon Coburn: Sure. The guidance includes everything we know today, which includes it is a bumpy economy. Financial Services clients are doing some layoffs, so we have factored that all in. Obviously, we have not factored in if the economy falls off the cliff. The big driver of our revenue is discretion development spend. So by definition, we always do bake in some conservatism for things going wrong there. But we're certainly aware of the macro economy is a bit bumpy right now, and that is factored in.
Gordon Coburn: Yes, I think you characterized it right. Yes. Historically the June quarter tends to be the strongest, as I think that is likely the case for this year as well. But the spread between June and September is not particularly significant. I think part of what's driving that and one of the things we're very pleased about is we are not seeing the normal summer lull this year. So we are seeing clients continue to make decisions, continue to start new projects, where normally in the summer, things kind of slow down a little bit. So I think that's what's driving the guidance for Q3. But once -- I want to make sure people stay realistic that Q3 does tend to be -- I'm sorry, Q2 does tend to be our strongest quarter.
Gordon Coburn: Our sense is it's directly related to the performance we're seeing in discretionary development spend. Frank talked about the 3 horizons earlier, and we're seeing demand across all of them. But it's being driven by clients looking for a partner who has deep domain expertise. So I think there is some share gain going on here. As clients are -- want to invest in innovation, want to invest in revenue growth, and they need a partner who's making those investments alongside with them.
Gordon Coburn: You may want to double-check your calculations of that. For Q3 and Q4, I would expect us to be within our 19% to 20% range and in the upper half of that range, but clearly lower than Q1, which was an anomaly.
Gordon Coburn: It was fairly broad-based. We had success in backfilling our M&A work, so we did not have a -- as the M&A work ramped down, at the accounts where it was impacted, we actually had other work that ramped up and offset it. So we didn't have the anchor of M&A work. So I think that was probably the biggest difference from Q1. But it was broad-based across geographies. Europe, roughly on a reported basis, grew in line with the company, on a constant dollar basis, grew a bit less than the company, which is exactly what we expected, and it looks like it will be roughly in line with the company going forward, so it's stable for us.
Gordon Coburn: It depends on your time frame, Julio. Short term, clearly the bang for the buck is with the existing client base, because that can ramp up much faster. As you know, when we win a new client, you get fairly little revenue for the first 3 months, it's only after about month 6 you hit the inflection point. But it's -- obviously, it's very important we keep winning new clients, because it will feed revenue growth in the coming years. But I think the big part of the story in our mind is the expansion of the market opportunity within each client. So as clients are now looking to us for BPO, for infrastructure management, to keep going in all the horizon things, horizon 3 things Frank mentioned, the slice of the IT and operations budget that we're eligible for at a client base continues to expand. So we're growing not just by winning new clients, not just by taking more opportunity of our existing market opportunity, existing clients, but we're also expanding the market opportunity at our existing clients. We have to invest in all 3 simultaneously.
Gordon Coburn: No. I don't think so. The IP-based stuff in there should be higher margin. If we do some physical-asset-intensive, yes, the margin will probably be a little bit lower on that, but it's not going to be big enough that's going to move the needle. And so there's nothing that I see on the horizon that changes my belief we'll stay in the 19% to 20% in the medium term.
Gordon Coburn: The pricing power that we're getting now is all related to price increases we discussed and negotiated last year. So most of it kicked in, in Q1, a little bit more of it kicked in, in Q2 and then that's kind of done now. We're only now beginning the discussions with the clients about price increases for 2012, so those conversations are just starting. From conversation to impact, yes, there's a 6- to 9-month lag.
Gordon Coburn: I don't think it will have a direct impact. In the end, the value proposition that we offer, both in terms of capability and efficiency, is already pretty strong. So I don't think the clients are doing this to save an extra 1% or 2%. They're doing it for very strategic reasons and both to tap our global resource pool and to save significantly more than that.
Gordon Coburn: Yes. So on a percentage basis, the spread -- the dollar spread between GAAP and non-GAAP is remaining fairly constant. Obviously, as the business grows, the amount of equity expense will grow up, will continue to grow. So we kind of try to keep the percentage in line. A lot of that is driven by RSUs and PSUs that we gave out in the last year or so. So it's -- I kind of view it as I'm on track. It's a little bit ahead of the dollars that I planned for this year, but that's because we're ahead of -- we're obviously ahead of revenue plans for this year. On a percentage basis, it's remained very constant.
Gordon Coburn: Sure. Be a little bit careful on focusing too much on total new customers, because some of those are big, some are small. The part that we're very pleased about, the second part of your question, we continue to grow the number of strategic accounts that we have, and that's critically important to us. And so just remember those are clients that either are already above $5 million or to $50 million-plus annual revenue or more recent wins of clients who have the clear intention to get there. And that's really driven by the stuff we talked about earlier. As we expand our range of services and the addressable market gets bigger at our client base, the number of clients that can become strategic continues to expand. And we're having a lot of success there. Obviously, where we differentiate ourselves is not necessarily in the number of new clients we win, but once we win those clients, the penetration rates that we achieved are, we believe, are industry-leading. When we look at our strategic customer adds for the quarter, it's fairly well diversified, both geographically as well as by industry, including Financial Services, Healthcare and Manufacturing would have been the 3 primary areas.
Gordon Coburn: Sure. So It's $5 million for Q3, $21 million for the full year. So therefore, there's $5 million for Q3 and $16 million for Q4. Essentially, there is the EPS impact is a rounding error, just not that much revenue.
Gordon Coburn: U.K. was very solid. On a reported basis, it grew 8% sequentially. We were -- as some of our M&A work in the U.K. ramped down, we were quite successful in backfilling at the same clients with non-M&A work. So as I said, Continental Europe played out exactly as we expected. U.K. was a little bit stronger than we expected. We expect Europe in general to roughly be in line with the company going forward. So it's -- things going well there.
Gordon Coburn: We're feeling very good about our ability to get visas. We're not seeing any operational disruptions, we're getting the visas that we need to operate our business. Obviously, we're continuing to do more local hiring, particularly trying to launch college programs and so forth. We haven't spoken specifically about the program, but obviously, there's a bunch of press stuff on that and excellent-minded [ph] people. That is simply a fast-track program. That's not a program that decides whether you get visas. It's a program, more focus is on the speed of which and the ease of which you can get them. But we continue to get all the visas we need, and we’ve had no operational disruptions.
Gordon Coburn: I don't have it offhand, but the clear majority, significant majority would be European-based companies, including some European-based multinationals.
Francisco D'Souza: This is Frank. Let me try and characterize this. I think that the -- at the aggregate level, I still see very healthy demand in the marketplace. I think that as I go back to the 3-horizon model that we talked about, in the core of our business, what I refer to as horizon 1, there's still a lot of opportunity to capture market there. And then you've got these horizon 2 businesses that are the new businesses we've invested in over the last 3, 4 or 5 years, BPO, IT Infrastructure Services and so on, that are really hitting that point of inflection and growing. I think what's really important, though, is that clients are looking for a partner that can help them across all 3 horizons. The very new stuff, the social, the mobile and [indiscernible] leadership and the technology prowess around these very, very new technologies, but it can also work with them all the way through to the horizon -- the change management, the consulting and all of the things that are needed to be successful in horizon 1. And I think that, that's not trivial to build a portfolio of capabilities and make the investments to be successful with your clients across all 3 horizons simultaneously. And I think that's where the benefit of our strategy of reinvesting excess operating margin over the years is really playing out now, because we've been making these investments over a long time. We've got the domain expertise. We've built the consulting capability. We've got the new technology capabilities, and so we can help our clients across all 3 horizons simultaneously and, essentially, become a single partner that they can turn to, regardless of what horizon they are thinking about at any point in time.
Francisco D'Souza: I think, Julio, I think I'll talk a little bit about it. I think it has the -- what we're seeing is that after 3 years now of economic volatility, I think the key that clients are trying to achieve now is variability in their cost structures, right? So they're saying, "The economic volatility, in some sense, is the new normal. We've got to run our businesses despite that, and so how do we variable-ize cost structures in a way that allow us to respond to ups and downs in our demand?" And so the core of what we're seeing in that part of the business is a shift towards variable pricing models, more managed services, more interest in managed services, more what we've traditionally talked about as output-based pricing where we charge the client based more on their consumption and some demand driver or some metric that's relevant to their business so that we're able to scale up and down with their demand. And so I think it's less to do with their layoffs and more to do with their variable-izing of their cost structure.
Francisco D'Souza: If you're referring to sort of assets in the sense of intellectual property and building-out of software and other IP, I think that, that's a critical part of all of what I term the horizon 3 businesses. Horizon 3 businesses are characterized by the need for a very rapid deployment, quick time to market, and so we are clearly looking at opportunities, both organically and potentially inorganically, to build or acquire critical pieces of intellectual property that are going to help us -- or IP or thought leadership which are going to help us get solutions to market for clients more quickly. That's also part of the ongoing program that we have to build out nonlinear revenue streams, where the revenue growth is less correlated with headcount going forward.
Francisco D'Souza: This is Frank. I think it will be still some quarters before we see the actual IT projects kick in as a result of Dodd-Frank. What we are seeing is a -- I would characterize it as a slower pickup of consulting work around helping clients assess what the implications are on their IT systems. That's really the first step. As we're starting to get some clarity, our clients are bringing our consulting teams in to say, "Let's do the assessments. Let's understand what the implications are. How do we need to change systems?" And my expectation is that, that will then translate into some downstream work, real IT work, probably back half of next year would be my expectation.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes, I think, let me focus on the -- it's Frank, the 3 main horizon 2 offerings, which I think of as Business Process, Outsourcing, IT Infrastructure Services and Consulting. Each one is slightly different. Our Consulting business, let me start there. We've made tremendous progress in the Consulting business, and we built out today our team of -- our CBC team is about 2,700 consultants worldwide. And that really covers all of the industries we serve, pretty much all the major geographies that we serve. We have the capability to deploy consulting into those areas. So I would say Consulting is well-built-out, well-rounded across the company and across all of our industries and our service lines. And I would say that we probably are engaged in some form of consulting with about a third or maybe 40%, somewhere in that range, of all of our customers of the entire customer base. When I look at IT Infrastructure Services, the second horizon 2 service offering, by and large, our IT Infrastructure Services business isn't one that needs to be customized for each of the industries that we serve. It's a relatively horizontal service offerings. There are some exceptions where there are some specific regulatory concerns and data privacy concerns, but in general, the IT Infrastructure business tends to be a relatively horizontal business. And so today, as clients have started to really scale remote infrastructure management and related services, we feel like we've got good scale, that the deals that we're winning and the deals that we're already servicing are approaching very, very large scales, and we feel confident that we have the capability now to both win and to execute on the largest IT Infrastructure Services deals out there. And BPO is the one that we've been focused as a company specifically on the industry vertical business process outsourcing. And so we'd have to build that business industry by industry, process area by process area. And I think today, particularly with the acquisition of CoreLogic, we have a very good and perhaps one of the broadest set of industry-focused business processes across the industries that we serve. So whether you look at our Healthcare business, you look at our Financial Services business with the acquisition of CoreLogic and of UBS, in the India captive center of UBS some quarters ago, or you look at the Retail Manufacturing Logistics or telecommunications, today I feel like we have a very well-rounded robust portfolio BPO services across the industries that we serve, and we're seeing the traction there. And so between ITIS and BPO, again, I would say we're probably serving about 1/3 of our client base, and so we still have quite a considerable amount of room to grow that just by expanding into the remaining 2/3 of our client base.
Francisco D'Souza: Let me try take a crack at that. Yes, at this point, we don't see clients -- clients are very clear-minded about the need to invest in both efficiency and innovation and transformation. And I think in general, clients understand that in order to be able to do those 2 things simultaneously, you have to leverage a global delivery model to make it successful. So we're not seeing clients slowing down. The other part of the equation, of course, is that in many -- in the U.S., but also in many of other countries around the world where we operate, there is a shortage of talent in the local markets. And so what we're trying to do is do our part to both recruit in the local markets around the world for experienced talent and also, now, increasingly at the campus and bring -- do our part to build the local science and technology workforce within the countries in the U.S. and other countries around the world where we operate and build all of that into the mix where we serve a client. In terms of the question you asked about clients willing to pay a higher price for more on-site-centric services. We're not seeing a shift to more on-site-centric services or services that were historically delivered using a global or an offshore model. What we are seeing is that as we deepen penetration, there are aspects of a mix of services that you might provide to a client that need to get performed on-site for regulatory reasons, for other legal reasons or just because of the inherent nature of the work that requires it to be done closer to the customer location. And we're pricing those appropriately, but I don't view that as a shift that's driven by concerns about unemployment or visas. I view that as a shift that's a natural shift as our business mix shifts towards different kinds of work.
Francisco D'Souza: I don't think we've seen a shift in the, broadly, in the players we're seeing. We're probably seeing the multinationals show up more frequently than, perhaps, some of the traditional India players over the last 6 months, but the names have remained the same. Maybe just a few we're seeing the multinationals a little bit more than we did in the past in terms of number of times we compete with them. I think that if you're asking about the reasons to pick a partner, I'll go back to the 3-horizon model that I talked about in my comments, right. I think clients are looking to find partners that can help them execute across all 3 horizons. The skills and capabilities that you need to work with the client on horizon 1 are different than horizon 2 and horizon 3. And with horizon 3, you're very much focused on business change, you're focused on consulting, you're focused on really bleeding-edge technologies like mobile and social that are still evolving. In horizon 1, the core business, you're focused not just on the arbitrage, but on driving process improvement. You're focused on really driving efficiency and effectiveness using a bunch of different levers. And so what clients are looking for is a partner that can articulate a clear, cohesive message across all 3 horizons and, more importantly, has made the investments, the demonstrable investments, across all 3 horizons to be able to serve them. And so I think that where we are winning, it's because we have shown and we can show the domain expertise and all of the other capabilities required to execute across the 3 horizons for clients.
Francisco D'Souza: I think it goes back to the range of services, again. I think it goes back to the 3-horizon model and the fact that we have built out these -- the kind of capabilities to execute across all 3 horizons. And traditionally, that's where the multinationals have strength. So I think that we tend to see them more. I view us, as we expand the pie that we're capable of competing on, we're bumping into the multinationals more frequently.
Francisco D'Souza: Thanks, Ashwin. Let me just talk a little bit [indiscernible] I would characterize what we're seeing in Europe right now as stability perhaps more than the strength as you characterized it. And I expect that over the rest of this year, it will be sort of in line with the rest of the company. But more broadly -- look, we're very pleased with our progress in Europe over the last few years. I think that our strategy of being local across the markets in Europe has played out very well. We continue to deepen that local presence through things like local recruiting, and then Gordon said a minute ago now starting a campus recruiting program in Europe, which I think will further deepen our localization across the markets of the continent. As we look at Europe, we said in the past that we feel good about our footprint now in the continent. We still have a little bit of work to do in some of the smaller countries around Europe to build out, but in general, we feel good about our footprint. Having said that, I do think that we'll continue to look selectively at tuck-in acquisitions across the continent as a way to deepen our local penetration. Really, success in Europe as we start to bring a broader and broader range of services into the countries of Europe is going to require us to have ever-increasingly stronger local presence in front end, what we call the front-end capability. And so in some cases, we may look to augment that as we did with Galileo in France, through selective acquisitions. Either focus on the country, focus on a particular service line or both. So we continue to look at those acquisitions actively, and where it makes sense, I think you will see us do those.
Francisco D'Souza: Let me just wrap up, folks. Thank you all for joining us, and let me just say that in summary, we're very pleased with our performance thus far in 2011 and excited about our outlook for the future. We're capitalizing on our clients' needs for a long-term partner, committed to bringing them the domain knowledge, advisory expertise and robust services portfolio that they require in the current economic environment. And we're confident that our market leadership will enable us to continue to enjoy strong demand for our ever-expanding array of offerings. Thank you again for joining us, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
