Francisco D'Souza: Hey, Tien-Tsin. It's Frank. Look, I would say, it's business as usual in terms of serving clients at this point. As I said, we expect no impact on our ability to provide high-quality services to clients, and in fact, haven't seen any. The fundamentals are we've got great associates doing good work every day on behalf of our clients, and I think our clients recognize that. The investigation is ongoing. I don't want to speculate on how long it's going to take or the costs that may be associated with it going forward, but our commitment is to conduct a thorough investigation and we're committed to doing that.
Francisco D'Souza: Yeah, it's Frank. Let me try to take a stab at that. Look, I think the Healthcare business at Cognizant – before I talk about the specifics, let me just back this up, right. I think that Healthcare particularly as it relates to the Healthcare payers is really a core area of deep, deep strength at Cognizant. It has historically been one of our strongest verticals and with the addition of the capabilities from the TriZetto acquisition, I think it further strengthened our position there. The combination of Cognizant's services capabilities with TriZetto's platform capabilities has enabled us to create a truly unique platform-based offering in that marketplace, and we continue to see good traction in services and solutions that combine TriZetto's software and Cognizant's core services capabilities. The pipeline of opportunities around that area remains robust, and I continue to be optimistic about the opportunities there. Offsetting that, as we've said to you over the course of this year, is some slowness in the spending from the biggest payers who are particularly the ones that are involved in the potential large combinations. It's a little too early to forecast what happens with those payers as we go into 2017, but as a general matter, I would say that we have seen them slow spending, discretionary spending, through this period of uncertainty. And so, as though situations get resolved one way or the other, my expectation is that we have a great portfolio of services to offer that group of customers, and we will be as relevant if not more relevant than we've ever been to serving those needs of those customers.
Francisco D'Souza: Yeah. Hey, Lisa. It's Frank. Let me try to address that. So, let me start with the three practice areas that we discussed on the call today. We've refocused and rebranded our offerings under these three broad practice areas. Cognizant digital business, Cognizant digital operations, and Cognizant digital systems and technology. And it's not an oversight that the word digital appears in all three of the practice names. The reason is that as we've said to you for quite some time now, our core and fundamental belief is that digital technology is really embedded in all areas in all aspects of our business in some way, shape or form. And so, Cognizant digital business uses digital technologies to create and deliver meaningful business experiences for clients. Cognizant digital operations uses digital technology to enable and automate core business operations in our clients' core transaction processing areas. And then, of course, Cognizant digital systems and technology is focused on modernizing, securing, and scaling legacy technology environment. Digital exists in all those places, and to your question about CBC or Cognizant Business Consulting, Cognizant Business Consulting is really an enabler across all three of those practice areas. The Business Consulting capability is woven in across all of those three practice areas, and really a lot of the work that we are doing today in Cognizant Business Consulting is what I consider to be tip of the spear kind of work that then leads to downstream work in one or more of those three big practice areas. We've clearly seen digital move beyond just high-end consulting to implementation. Raj, for example, spoke in his prepared comments about the work we're doing to migrate – that we've done to migrate two big clients to a cloud-based AWS environment, that's an example of sort of what I think of as core technology work that's enabled by new digital technologies, and like that across all the practices we're seeing, not just tip of the spear consulting work, but also downstream implementation work that relates to digital.
Francisco D'Souza: Let me talk about Gordon's departure. I would say that Raj has been a Cognizant veteran for 20 years. Raj has run most of the business operations of the company, the business development, front-end sales and also the delivery operations for several years now. And so, I would say the transition has been seamless. Raj is supported by a very strong team of Cognizant veterans who have been around the company for many, many years. And so, I would say that transition has been seamless. Our platforms business or what we are now referring to as Cognizant digital operations business reports to me at this point, I have direct oversight on that part of the business. And let me turn it over to Karen on the tax rate question.
Francisco D'Souza: Hi, Keith. So, there were a number of – I think a number of questions, and I will try to get to each of them. I would say that at a macro level, our industry is one – well, first of all, the world continues to become more technology and data intensive. So, that's sort of the 50,000 foot view. Technology is becoming more complex to implement the skill set, as Raj pointed out in his I think Q&A a minute ago, we have a much broader range of skills that are required to implement new technologies today. And so, we believe that that makes services firms like Cognizant as relevant if not more relevant than we've been in the past. It's also a fragmented industry, so the opportunity to gain market share and the opportunity to capture markets is very much there. And we believe that if you drill down further that when you look at our footprint of industries that we serve, if you look at the footprint of geographies that we currently operate in, there remain significant growth opportunities in places where we are underpenetrated. And so, when you put all of that together, we believe that we have significant growth opportunities ahead of us, that our ability to invest to capture those growth opportunities exists in the company with our financial formula, and so that forms a core thesis and a core basis for how we think about the business going forward. As it relates to acquisitions, we've said that we will continue to focus. We have a robust M&A program. We look at traditionally smaller tuck-in acquisitions. That's been the primary focus. We will continue to do that. I would expect that as we go forward, you'll see us focus on those kinds of acquisitions. I would expect that we would be more focused on digital and making digital acquisitions as we look to the next few quarters to bolster our digital capability. I think we've got good strong digital capabilities, but particularly as we look to new industries and geographies, I think you'll see us using inorganic means to grow faster there. Typically, when we do small acquisitions, the margin profile of those companies may not be where the Cognizant margin profile is, but through our ability to largely keep to cross-sell their services into our core business, we're rapidly able to bring them to Cognizant average margins. And so, I expect we'll continue to do that. For the small tuck-ins, if there's an acquisition that, when we buy it not at Cognizant margins, I'm not too concerned about that because we've shown that we can bring those back up to Cognizant levels through our ability to cross-sell.
Francisco D'Souza: I think the primary measure that we are using – Joe, it's Frank – is what portion of our existing client base is engaging us on digital capabilities in some way, shape or form. Now, as Karen said, there's a question of how we define digital. What we are doing is looking at our newest service offerings and making sure that as our clients define digital – and each of our clients define digital in a slightly different way – that we are engaged with them in their most important and strategic engagements. That's always been the way that we've defined success at Cognizant. We define success really through the eyes of our customers, and our primary goal is to make sure that with our customers that we are engaging with them in the technology-driven, technology-enabled initiatives that are most important to them at any given point in time.
Francisco D'Souza: I would say, Ashwin, that we haven't, as I said – let me be more specific. We haven't seen clients beyond what I would consider to be the normal course of business slowing down in any way. I would say that it's a little too early to look at 2017 as we've said. And so, I don't want to be providing a view of 2017. As Karen mentioned, right now, we want to get through our clients' budget cycles. Those are just beginning as you know. That's been our traditional pattern. There's no difference from prior years, and once we get through that process, I think we'll be in a better position to give you a sense of where 2017 lands. I think we'll be looking at Financial Services and Healthcare in particular as we go into 2017 since those were the two industry groups that for reasons that we've discussed with you at length, didn't perform as we would have liked this year, and so we'll be looking to those as we go into 2017.
Francisco D'Souza: Okay. I think we're just about out of time, folks. So, I want to thank everybody for joining us today and for your questions, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. So, Bryan, there was certainly no impact on the non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter based on the investigation. So during the quarter, there were two things that happened related to the investigation, we talked about the out-of-period adjustment of $3.1 million that we've recorded. And then, obviously we had some professional fees in conjunction with the investigation that's ongoing, but those were recorded both in our GAAP and in our non-GAAP financial statements. The tax rate did come out a little bit lower than we expected for the quarter, but that was just based on the settlement of some discrete items in the quarter. Nothing to do with the investigation.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. So, Darrin, I'll take both of those. So, on the first one, on digital, as we've talked about, and I think we demonstrated in our conversation today around the script, right, we think that digital is becoming really an enterprise-wide initiative. And as we've said, we think that the definition of digital and how people think about digital revenue will continue to evolve in the coming months and quarters. And so, we have been reluctant frankly to define digital because we don't think there is a clear digital definition across the industry today. And we've talked about this notion of digital, started in the front-office and now has increasingly moved to the mid-office and the back-office, and hence, the alignment of our three practices that we talked about around digital business, digital operations, and digital systems and technology, which I think starts to get at that notion that it really has become an enterprise-wide initiative for both clients and ourselves. And increasingly, we think it will impact all of the segments of the business. In fact, it already is today. So, we have been reluctant to break out what's digital because how do you define a project, whether it's got a digital component to it or is the entire project digital? So, I think those definitions in the market will continue to evolve, and we'll continue to focus on that. I think in terms of margins, clearly, we have talked about staying in the 19% to 20% range. We have done that historically, and I think certainly for the foreseeable future, people should expect that that is a comfortable range for us to operate in. Obviously, it gives us room to make investments to grow the business. Those investments continue to shift as we look at more platforms, as that business continues to expand, as we continue to expand new skill sets and new offerings to support the digital marketplace. Those are most of the investments that we continue to focus on, but I think from a modeling perspective, you should expect us to stay in the 19% to 20% range. From a capital allocation perspective, there's really no change in our strategy there. I think as we said in the past, people should expect that over the course of a year, we will essentially maintain share neutrality. We have the buyback program available to us, and we will use that as and when we think it's appropriate to do that, and obviously, we demonstrated that with the number of shares that we bought back in Q3. And we still have about $1 billion left under that program as we look forward into Q4 and beyond.
Karen McLoughlin: So, Jim, this is Karen. I think it's premature to comment on Q1 or 2017. Clients are just getting under way with their budgets, and so we will obviously work with them on those budgets as we get further into this quarter. And when we release earnings and provide full-year guidance in February, we'll provide an update at that time.
Karen McLoughlin: Yeah. My apologies. So, it is early days in the investigation. I think, as we've said both in the Q and on the script today, we are continuing to pursue the investigation. We've obviously been working very, very hard to get our arms around this as quickly as we could. And as we said, we've identified to-date $5 million of potential improper payments. We were able to get to a place where we thought it was appropriate to record the $3.1 million of the $5 million as an out-of-period adjustment in Q3, but we will continue the investigation until we're confident that we've tracked it all down.
