Karen McLoughlin: Okay. Rod, it's Karen. I'll take the first part of that around the guidance for Q1, and then I'll it turn over to Gordon and Frank to add some color on the demand environment. In terms of the guidance for Q1, there is less than $10 million of the MediCall acquisition, closed in Q4, and that's small obviously, $15 million incremental for the full year, so that's a couple of million dollars in Q1. And then, we expect the C1 acquisition to close late in the quarter. So in total, the 2 will be less than $10 million for the quarter.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. So, Moshe, it's Karen. So I think based on where we are today versus where we are -- were last year, we actually feel very good about both the backlog and the pipeline. It's up a little bit. I think, as Frank alluded to earlier, our win ratios continue to be strong. So I think at this point, obviously, client budgets are just getting finalized and so forth now. But right now, the pipeline is very robust, and we're feeling very good about that.
Karen McLoughlin: So the U.K. is in total -- total Europe is about 17% of revenue. The U.K. is about 2/3 of that. And we saw actually very good sequential growth in the U.K. this quarter and actually very strong development -- or consulting and technology services growth in the U.K.
Karen McLoughlin: Yes. So this is Karen. So basically, in the guidance, historically under the old definition of non-GAAP operating margin, we would've assumed a non-GAAP operating margin target of about 19.6% going into the beginning of the year. This year, we've actually taken that up to 19.9%. So clearly, still within the range of 19% to 20% but because of the adjustment we've made to the non-GAAP operating margin definition, we did take that up about 30 basis points to 19.9% to offset the acquisition amortization adjustment. So it's essentially equivalent year-over-year.
Karen McLoughlin: No, the range will continue to be 19% to 20%, so that we can obviously continue to make the appropriate investments in the company.
Gordon J. Coburn: And Rod, on your question of the pattern of demand and ramp-up. We're pleased with what we're seeing. Budgets are -- client budgets are tracking the way we want, and when we look at the momentum of stuff that's kicking off, how we think it -- how we come out of Q1 for the important Q2, and I think you are highlighting important, it's tracking the way we'd like to see it at this point of the year.
Gordon J. Coburn: And Rod, also remember, in the pharma side of the business, Q3, Q4 tends to be stronger than Q1, Q2, so you do have some lumpiness there. And obviously, that's all baked into our guidance.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. So similar to what we have done historically, we're always fairly cautious on the -- what you refer to as consulting, which is also app dev, which is all a proxy for more discretionary work. So the -- where we ultimately land the year will probably depend on that discretionary work. But yes, we're certainly taking a more conservative stance going into the year. So our guidance would assume that growth of that is probably a little bit slower than the outsourcing work. At this point, we're seeing good demand in that, but it tends to be lumpy, you don't -- certainly don't want to count on it until it's all done.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. We're clearly seeing in Europe a shift that we were talking about for a while. For the last year, we have been talking about the economic turmoil in the continent is causing the clients to think differently about how they use companies like Cognizant, and we talked about we're starting to win the deals. It would take a little while for those deals to kick in. Those deals are now starting to kick in. It's probably more focused on the run better aspect, and we actually saw our outsourcing business or the nondiscretionary piece grow faster in the continent than the discretionary piece, which, historically, had not been the case. So you're seeing that market open up for the application outsourcing and the application maintenance work. It'll still be a bit lumpy. To be clear, it's still not a large number of clients, so you have a little lumpiness in the ramp-up. But clearly, I think, as I said in my remarks, the -- when there is instability in Europe, it's tough for clients make decisions. Now they're making decisions. And because of the long-term structural changes that they see in their industries and their markets, they realize they have to run their businesses more efficiently and more effectively, and we're part of that solution.
Gordon J. Coburn: We sure hope so. We've spent a lot of time with them. We have a great team on the ground at Cognizant, and the people that we're picking up from C1, from everything we see, are very excited about the opportunity to work with Cognizant and to play a really critical role of being that local presence. We're picking up some just terrific people, and I think they're going to be great leaders in our European business.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. 2013 is a tough year for the pharmaceutical industry. It's a -- for many companies, it's a low point in the drug pipeline. As we're out talking to our clients, they think '14, '15 should be pretty good, but '13 is going to be hard. So we -- I think we're well positioned certainly compared to others in the industry to work with pharmaceutical clients. But I don't view 2013 as going to be a banner year for growth of our pharmaceutical practice. I think it's a year we'll continue probably to take share from others. But it's -- when you look at the contraction in IT budgets in pharma, it's fairly significant. That's all baked into our guidance. But I'm not sure I would take the Q4 strength as a pattern you want to just project out. Q4 tends to be good for the industry, but '13 will be a tough year.
Gordon J. Coburn: We're doing consulting work. Certainly, we think there's opportunities both with payers, as well as with government work, related to exchanges. How much of it is incremental spend is the real question versus shifting in spend. So I view the healthcare reform as neutral to positive for us, and it's really a question of does it trigger incremental spend or not.
Gordon J. Coburn: Very simple. We exceeded our margin target a bit in 2012. We were at the extreme high end or just slightly over our margin target. So our guidance for next year assumes we're well within our range, actually on the newly adjusted non-GAAP basis, at the high end of the range. But if you go back to what it would have been under the old thing, it's sort of the upper, upper end, so it's getting margin back to where it should be.
Gordon J. Coburn: We don't have a specific target other than we clearly would expect Horizon 2 and 3 to grow faster than Horizon 1. How much faster? Obviously, we hope it'd be material, but we don't set specific targets.
Gordon J. Coburn: I would not read a whole lot into it. It aligns with what a lot of other tech companies does. It gives us a little more flexibility to make sure when we do earn-outs, we do it to optimize shareholder value. Clearly, as we move more into Horizon 3, there'll be more IP-based acquisitions, which may have a little bit more intangible amortization. But I would not -- I clearly would not view this as a signal of a fundamental change in strategy. Our acquisition strategy remains quite consistent.
Gordon J. Coburn: The short answer is if we could find the right things, absolutely. We think -- if you look at particularly the continent, it's less than 10% of revenue for us. Obviously, when you look at global IT spend, it's a lot more than that. So certainly, we think there's untapped opportunity there. But we always and will continue to be highly selective in the acquisitions that we do.
Gordon J. Coburn: We'll continue to hire. We don't give -- we give revenue guidance. We don't give headcount guidance. The great thing about Cognizant is because of our brand, we have just a tremendous pipeline of people who want to work for us. How many we hire will depend on demand and equally important are what skills we need. So we'll hire based on demand.
Gordon J. Coburn: It's kind of interesting, Moshe. You're seeing a divergence between the U.K. and the continent. So U.K., historically, there've been a lot of maintenance work and so forth. Now we're seeing the development work kick in. On the continent it's almost the exact opposite story, where because of all of the cultural issues, labor issues, it's more focused on the discretionary work historically. Now we're seeing the maintenance work kick in, in the continent. So different drivers in those 2 regions.
Gordon J. Coburn: So let's not talk quarter-to-quarter because Europe, as I said, will be more lumpy. But when you kind of look at annualized basis and so forth, clearly, when you think about the continent, penetration rates are lower, you don't have the law of large numbers and you have this meaningful secular change towards increased comfort without offshoring. So when I look out over the coming years, certainly, we would expect the continent in particular to grow faster than company average. But as I said, I'm not sure I'd have that expectation quarter-to-quarter. You are going to have some lumpiness just because the number of clients is still relatively small.
Gordon J. Coburn: So let's start with the definition. Our old definition of development and maintenance was reflective of what our business was 5 years ago. And as we launched consulting, as we launched BPO, all that kind of stuff, we kind of forced them into those 2 categories, and we started talking about those categories as discretionary and nondiscretionary. So we used -- started this year to really change the name, not what's actually in each bucket but change the name to reflect what's really there. So I won't read that as anything other than our old definitions are 5 years old and didn't really reflect the business. When you look at technology and consulting -- consulting and technology services, clearly it's heavily weighted towards the technology component. But consulting is a growing piece of it and strategically, incredibly important, but still it's certainly a small piece of revenue compared to the core technology.
Francisco D'Souza: Rod, it's Frank. Look, I was pleased with what we saw in Healthcare in the fourth quarter, but I'm still cautious. I don't think 1 quarter makes a trend yet, so I'd still watch it for another couple of quarters. My hope is that we might be at somewhat of a bottom, but let's wait a couple of quarters before we make a call on whether we're seeing sustained recovery there.
Francisco D'Souza: I don't have the exact proportions, but I would say that about -- approximately half of the work would be where we're going into a situation where the client is running their infrastructure in-house. And we are transforming that in some way, taking the infrastructure management, the management layer to a global remote infrastructure management approach or taking the actual physical infrastructure to a cloud-based approach. In many cases, when a client is -- or in a client's infrastructure environment, some parts of that will be done in -- with a traditional provider that's running their infrastructure in what we think of as a traditional asset-heavy model. And in those cases, which is about, I would say, the other half of the business, we would be taking that and restructuring it to the new cloud-based model, adding a layer of global delivery on top of that for the infrastructure management capability. There's a third category in there, which sort of straddles both of those, which is where we are combining apps and infrastructure together, particularly in our application maintenance business, and we're seeing that when we're maintaining an application, there are a lot of synergies to also being responsible for some portion of the underlying infrastructure for those applications. So that's a different cut where, in many cases, what our value proposition becomes is the ability to run the apps and the infrastructure together in a combined way and drive further efficiency and effectiveness for the client around that portfolio of applications. So I think those are the 3 big sort of approaches or sort of themes as we go to market with infrastructure.
Francisco D'Souza: I think if I look at the infrastructure business, I would say that of the 2 big verticals at Cognizant, it's probably, I would say, roughly equally split between the pharma -- our pharma clients and our financial services clients, particularly when you look at this trend I talked about of infrastructure combined with applications. That's a trend that banks and pharma clients, I think, are recognizing as important. In terms of advisor-based, I don't think it's any more or less intensive than the rest of our business. Again, I don't have the stats, but I would say just off the top of my head, 1/3 of our deals generally tend to be advisor-led and the rest of our deals, either the client is running themselves or that we've proactively gone out and created where there isn't an advisor or there wasn't an RFP but we sort of created the demand through a piece of proactive selling.
Francisco D'Souza: I'm -- let me say I'm cautiously optimistic. I think that we saw, as you know, an environment over the last few quarters where financial services cut or pulled back quite significantly on spending. I think that created a little bit of pent-up demand in some places. And as I look to 2013, I'm seeing signs that some of that pent-up demand in financial services is being released. And of course, the other side of our financial services segment is the insurance business, which has been doing very well last year, and we think continues to do well this year. So when I put those 2 things together, I think Financial Services as a whole should have a pretty solid year this year. So I remain cautiously optimistic about financial services.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes. I think that's right, yes. So I think we sort of started to see the turnaround middle of last year. The fourth quarter was nice, and as we look to the first quarter, it seems to be shaping up well as well.
Francisco D'Souza: I don't see any, Tien-Tsin, any particular changes in competitiveness. I think that we compete with a set of very good solid players, and I think we hold our own and win our share directly, sometimes more than our fair share. I see that win rate continuing. I feel very, very good about our portfolio of services. And I come back to my opening comments, right, I think as this trend of our clients sort of embracing the dual mandate of run better and run different, I think that's where our differentiation is really coming through relative to the competitive set. We think that what we're able to do is offer clients the ability to address both of those, the run better and run different sides of their business from one global platform versus some of our other competitors that are either focused more on the run different piece or more on the run better piece. We think we do both pretty well for our clients, and that's really why we think we're winning in the marketplace.
Francisco D'Souza: Ashwin, I don't have a clear way that I can give you an easy quantification of it. I think if you just look over the -- if you look at a couple of different -- you triangulate on it in a couple of different ways, one is obviously the -- if you look at just the raw growth rates of our newer service offerings, those are growing much faster than the company average, and certainly, much of that growth is coming from existing clients. So that's one data point that supports that assertion. The second is that if you look at our newer practices and you look at how quickly they get to certain revenue milestones, so if you look at Horizon 2, as you know, last quarter, we said that those were approaching 20% of revenue, if you look at the period of time in which we've been able to achieve that, it's obviously a lot quicker than many of our traditional services, that might have taken us a decade to get to the same size and scale where these are today. So we're seeing the new service lines ramping up much more quickly. Again, it's a sign that with the portfolio of clients that we have, the strength of our client relationships, the relationships that our field maintains with our clients that we're able to take essentially new service offerings, get them into the pipeline very, very quickly and ramp them up fast. And that's why as we add new capabilities, both in Horizon 3 and through organic and inorganic acquisition, we feel very confident that we can take those capabilities rapidly to the clients. The last data point I will maybe point to is that, as you know, throughout last year, when we talked about Horizon 3, we talked to you about the fact that these were long-term investments that we were making and that we expected good adoption, but we were being sort of more modest in our assumptions about rates of adoption. When we took inventory at the end of last year, we found that, particularly as it relates to the SMAC portion of Horizon 3, social, mobile, analytics and cloud, we were already doing work for 60% of our top 100 clients. So again, another data point that shows that adoption is happening of our new services and happening much faster than traditionally we'd have expected.
Francisco D'Souza: It's Frank. Let me try to address the qualitative aspects of that. At this point, CBC -- so let me just say that if you look over the last couple years, we're very, very pleased with how CBC has grown and evolved and the fact that I believe it's having really outside impact in our client relationships into our business relative to the size of revenue it represents. Gordon gave some case studies and some qualitative data points around the kind of impact we're having with CBC, which I think is very significant. Particularly as we engage more and more with our clients on this notion of running differently, CBC becomes a very key enabler. CBC now is about 3,000 consultants, give or take. And I think it's worth pointing out that we take a relatively pure definition of consulting. So when I talk about 3,000 consultants, these are pure, what I think of, as management consultants. These are not folks that are doing blueprinting for technology implementation and so on and so forth. This is really management consulting work that we're doing for clients. We're building this out across all of the industry verticals we serve, so the 3,000 folks are aligned by the industry that we serve. And we're also building out broad capabilities that go across all of -- each of the industries that we serve that are more generic in nature. So we expect to continue to invest in consulting. We're continuously looking at ways to accelerate that growth. I think that we're pleased, but we still feel like we've got work to do in certain areas, particularly when I look at geographies around the world, to ramp up consulting even more strongly in those parts of the world. And I think that was really all that we had time for. So let me just wrap up by thanking you all for joining us today. And just to summarize, I think we're very pleased with our 2012 results, and we're looking forward to a strong 2013. We're very encouraged that our clients find our value proposition increasingly relevant in the midst of changing market dynamics and that they continue to turn to us, not only to help them run better but also to help them run and adapt and change to run differently. Thank you, everyone, for joining us today, and have a great day.
