Brian Humphries: Jason, it's Brian. So let me take a shot at this. These may be for Jan. By all means feel free to jump in if you see incremental details to add.  So SAP as a practice, it's multiple hundred millions of dollars for us. It's sub-$1 billion. It is actually a very healthy business for us, and I have been in touch with the SAP leadership team in recent periods to see what we can do to accelerate our momentum there. It's pretty intuitive, what they're doing. But in the same way, it's also interesting for us given our ambition to scale much more internationally and given the installed base of SAP. So it's a partner that really is strategic to us, and we will continue to work closely with. Digital bookings. Look, more broadly, if I stand back from this. Bookings are strong overall, and it's broad-based by geography, by industry, by new and expansion versus renewals, and digital bookings are continuing to be strong as well. So what's been very pleasing to me is in the course of the last year, we have consistently shown strong bookings growth year-over-year. That has enabled us to actually build a stronger backlog through the year. And now we're in a very healthy position, healthier than we've been before. And of course, the pipeline, as Jan suggested earlier, is strong as well. Not just strong overall, but also strong in visual, in particular, and strong in the strategic accounts that we focused on as part of our customer segmentation exercise in the -- model. So I feel really good about our momentum there. The timing of all of this to revenue can vary by quarter, of course, and in the face of economic environment, which is unsettled to say the very least, including announcements made tonight across Europe. But we're pleased with what we've done. And if this continues, it all goes very well for our future. We're not going to make commentary around Q1 or indeed, fiscal year '21 at this moment in time. The only thing I'll say is we will continue to try to outgrow the industry. That's what we did this quarter. We think we're more competitive than we've been before. And we're absolutely committed to growth and to make -- investments to grow. If that means compromising some margins in the short term to achieve, we will absolutely do that. But I'm expecting performance to improve in 2021, but we'll share more details of that, of course, Q4 earnings. But the big caveat around this is what we're going through this some on time, which is a very uncertain macroeconomic environment. 
Brian Humphries: Lisa, Brian here. So let's start first with the headcount situation. I think our utilization levels are now quite high. We tightened our belt earlier in the year as I think every company in the world did, but we've seen somewhat of a V-shaped recovery, particularly in the digital side of our business. And as such, we're at the stage now that our bench is light, and we're committed as a leadership team to build that out. And we've already started that over the last month or so. But it takes time, of course, to get that built out. Obviously, we want to continue to drive more operational rigor around forecasting, which triggers enterprise resource management and all of that to make sure we have the right resources in the right place at the right time. So you will see us continue to build out our capabilities with evergreen skills or hot skills, as we would call them, and build upon our capabilities such that we can reduce utilization, which is a little bit higher at this moment in time. I am pleased with the employee engagement. I am pleased that voluntary attrition is down for the fifth quarter in a row. Notwithstanding that we're really pushing meritocracy and a performance culture these days. So you have seen a big bifurcation between voluntary versus involuntary attrition. And we do expect voluntary attrition to pick up a little bit in the coming quarters as we go through the merit-based promotion and salary cycle we're going through. And I underscore the word merit-based. With regards to H1B visas, look, it's quite topical, but perhaps I could stand hand back here a little bit and talk because the administrative rule changes with regards to skilled integration leases that have been quite topical in recent weeks. Some of those have been enjoyed through litigation already. And for other elements, there are challenges pending at this moment in time. So whether the rules, survive or not remains to be seen. All that being said, I actually think all roads are leading this direction anyway. So we will always intend to comply with the letter of the law to use these applications and any extensions we intend to pursue. We are a H1B visa, I would say, dependent organization. You used the word evolution, and I think that's the right word. Over the years, we have reduced our dependency in visas, and we've also acquired companies that enable us to be more global in nature. But in the same vein, some of the strategic decisions we took, which were in the right decisions, including exiting a portion of content moderation, has put us back a little bit. That being said, the rule is solely triggered by new applications and extensions. And H1B visas are currently under a 3-year visa. So this will roll in gradually. And I would say, I don't want to reassure everybody, our intention is to globalize Cognizant. And so you'll see us build out much more of a global-based workforce to meet client expectations, whilst, of course, stay focused on quality of delivery. And that will include a whole host of things that we will do, including U.S. college campus recruiting, upskilling and just a broader effort around a local employee base in the U.S. and indeed globally. 
Brian Humphries: So Jan, I'll touch on the health care business. If you want to touch upon then the cash flow and the cash balance and the Syntel settlement, which we were pleased to see yesterday. So Ashwin, first of all, health care is really important to us. It's almost 30% of the total company, and it consists of 2 major portions. One is life sciences. We're doing really well there. We have been for a long time. It's highly strategic to us. You are seeing the lapping of Zenith technology, which happened in Q3 of 2020. So that will impact growth rates a little bit.  But I'm very optimistic around the opportunities in life sciences at the intersection point of biopharma medical devices. Right through to industry 4.0 health care, retail and indeed health tech. And I spent a number of hours on that with the team over the weekend. So we're really pumped around what we can do there, and you will see us continue to invest in it. The majority of the businesses, however, the U.S. health care business, which is split between payer and providers. The payer business accelerated meaningfully this quarter, which strengthened services and indeed in products. We have a new leader who took over the Healthcare business earlier this year, an internal promotion, who has done a fantastic job, and this entire team are doing great for us. Bookings are very strong. Product growth is strong. We're getting new logos. Margins are improving. And we're just generally feeling very good, a better payer business. The provider business, which is much smaller than our payer business, saw significant erosion year-over-year in the third quarter as did the industry. As you know, the provider business is suffering from transaction volumes that are decreasing because the pandemic is obviously reducing elective procedures. And I would say that's an area that we would expect to come back but more holistically, the momentum we're seeing in payers, which is 3/4 of the business, and life sciences will give us confidence that we can continue to pull strong health care results going forward. We're improving. Jan, over to you. 
Brian Humphries: Bryan, so I would say, yes, it remains challenged. Look, first of all, just like health care, financial services, so the greatest impact from ransomware. But the Financial Services results, I'd almost cut them into 2 portions of discussion. First of all, insurance -- and as you know, the insurance industry has really been pressured, to say the very late in the last year, both at a pandemic level, insurance rebates and automobiles, SMB businesses, interrupted failures. That's impacting the property as of the insurance entry. And of course, mortality rates of life carriers. And then on top of that to make matters worse, catastrophic events and low interest rates. So that sector is under pressure. Our business is, let's say, 80% of our insurance business is in North America, so a little bit more than the average company. It's one of our strongest franchises, but it will decline in this year, in 2020. So we need to turn it around. We need to improve the pipeline. To be very honest, booking have been strong, but the pipeline isn't strong enough. Our leader has retired in the last month or so, so we have some new energy in there. And hopefully, we can get that back on track. Banking. Look, if I paint the macro picture first. As we've implied in the prepared remarks, capital markets, retail and commercial banking grew year-over-year. Cards or payments were down. With regards to some of the larger global banking clients that you referenced, it's more of a handful. Some of that, to be very honest, relates to ransomware we were turning some around. Some is self-inflicted wounds related to a lack of appropriate senior origin in the client partners we had. And some of it relates to secular pressure towards in-sourcing that we're seeing at those banks. Now what do we do to turn all around this entire situation. I'm confident we'll get insurance back on track. I think we'll also continue to make progress in the North America regional banks. And we've even brought some accounts into platinum account status this quarter, i.e., they surpassed $100 million. But in the same vein, we have a lot of work to do in our current accounts, and that includes scaling more into digital in those banks. The good news is our digital bookings in those banks are up in excess of 50%. So we are starting to get our foot in the door. We continue to upgrade our client partners, and we're continuing to try to do a much more sophisticated job in terms of account planning. In the same vein, right up to the executive committee, me included, we are trying to break into some of the other large banks. And I think we're making progress actually on 2 in particular. So hopefully, we'll have some good news on that in the foreseeable future. Europe and banking just remains weak. We lost an account there in the last year, and we have some transformation project issues and 1 large account over there. It is fixable, but I just don't see the momentum turning around there as quickly in banking overall, as I have seen in health care. 
Brian Humphries: Thanks, Rod. Brian here. So look there's a short answer and there's a long answer, so I'm going to give you something in between. First of all, I really feel good about the progress we've made in the last 18 months. We've actually done a lot, probably more than people realize. Clarified our strategy. We executed the nonstrategic portion of the business. We executed a restructuring program. We used some of the proceeds from that to reinvest back in the business. We meaningfully improved our digital portfolio competencies and partnerships. We've built a strong professional, mature, client-centric leadership team. We've begun a pretty significant commercial transformation that is showing positive leading indicators and pipeline win rates, bookings. And we put, I would say, a better business management system in place to ensure optimal financial and operational rigor. And we did all of that, to be very honest, in a period that I was not expecting.  We managed through global pandemics that impacted both demand as well as fulfillment. We navigated a ransomware attack well, and I want to say that humbly. But we did as best as we could, and we've actually received good client feedback on that. We've improved employee engagement to levels not seen for a few years, and that reduced voluntary attrition at 5 quarters in a row. And we've managed to put ourselves in a position that we built a multiyear plan that incorporates sustained investments. So I'd characterize all of that as pleased, but not satisfied, to be very honest. We're not in finish product yet. We're in the middle of a multiyear project. And we must continue to, of course, as we've said, reposition the brand, execute our strategy, globalize the company, take advantage of the opportunity overseas, globalize our delivery, build on our growing momentum in health care, and fix financial services and, of course, accelerate our position in digital, which just simply exposes us to higher categories of growth and makes us more relevant to clients. If we do all of this, our bookings momentum will continue, and ultimately, this will translate to revenue growth. And so Rod, everything else at some stage becomes a leading indicator: pipeline, win rates, the leadership team, the bookings. Our goal here is to invest in the business to get back to growth. If we do that, growth accelerates and we will show margin expansion but in a very calculated manner that allows us to sustainably reinvest back into the business. I say all of this with a great deal of caveats given the uncertain macroeconomic situation we're in at this moment in time.  That being said, I'll just wrap up by saying, I'm really proud of our team and of our associates around the world. I'm confident of the unity of our leadership team, the absolute support of our Board of Directors who've been tremendously supportive of what we're doing, and our growing execution rigor. And honestly, I think we're on track. We're increasingly competitive, and you've seen that, hopefully, in this quarter's results. 
Brian Humphries: So look, let me start on the revenue question and the bookings question. There's no big story here, to be honest, outside of the exit of the nonstrategic portion of the content moderation business, which is in our operations business. Frankly, I think we're executing well, both in our -- most of our verticals, we've got more work to do in Financial Services, but even Products and Resources. We're doing well in the areas that are not consumer goods, and travel and hospitality.  And so I just feel we have growing momentum, Keith, but I'm very cautious to commit anything because of the macro environment. The bookings is real, when I look at bookings by renewal versus expansion versus new. I just feel as though we had in the last 1.5, 2 years maybe lost a buildup of backlog and we had eroded that. And now we started replenishing what I would call them late. And now we're in a position where I'm feeling better about the future. So there's no major story there. And the more we can keep up this bookings momentum, the better because it's inevitable, then it will show up in the revenue. So we just need to keep executing. With regards to margins and, in some ways, revenue versus margin trade-offs, I guess, comes into mind. Look, I think about this always in 2 ways. First of all, it's important to differentiate between a cost and an investment. And secondly, growth investments will be prioritized versus short-term margin optimization. And our goal is ultimately to increase our wealth and commercial momentum and to revitalize revenue growth. And we will make some short-term margin trade-offs to achieve this. We're investing meaningfully in the business, probably even more than I anticipated a year ago. Because the more I'm here, the more I see opportunities. In talent overall, in our management -- talent management system, we're accruing bonuses at higher levels. We're getting back to merit-based promotions and raises. In digital, we're attracting talent, which is a constrained asset and, therefore, an expense asset. We're upgrading our client partners to be better able to represent Cognizant beyond the traditional CIO, CTO organization. The targeted M&A that we're doing, which I'm very pleased with, comes with integration costs. And while gross margins are reasonable, we do have some margin dilution on the operating income level because of the SG&A nature -- intensive nature of those businesses that we're scaling. And then, of course, we're continuing to build our commercial hiring. We're building our bench, which will hit our delivery costs. Investing in automation, branding, marketing. We got overall our internal systems and tools. Remediate and modernize our IT and security, and globalize our delivery network.  So I've got plenty on my mind to find a way to continue to show margin expansion and as I said, 2020 was, in my perspective, a very challenging year from a margin perspective because of ransomware, because of COVID. I'd like to think that as we go through our restructuring program as we got more operational rigor, as we continue to work on pricing and renewals, up selling and cross-selling in our existing accounts, optimizing our pyramid, our near and offshore mix versus on our automation agenda, I'd like to think we can do what's needed in investments and yet continue to show margin expansion at a pace that is appropriate for us to continue to invest in the business. And for investors who are interested in that story, I think there's very 2 more compelling investments in Cognizant at this moment in time. 
