Gordon J. Coburn: Bryan, it's Gordon. Q2 generally should be our strongest quarter sequentially, and the reason why is Q1 tends to be muted because you don't get a whole lot of discretionary spend in the first half of the quarter. So in Q2, you get the full-quarter impact of the new budget cycle and then, obviously, that continues in Q3 but you don't get as big a sequential boost. And that is more pronounced in the years where discretionary spending is the driver of growth, which obviously, it is this year. Headcount is playing out exactly as we want it, we're actually very pleased. If you'll recall, we hired a lot of people at the end of last year to set ourselves up well for growth this year. Took utilization down a bit in Q1 and then, clearly, we said we wanted to take utilization back up and that's exactly what we did. So we have great control over our hiring and we are executing on our plan of taking utilization up as the year goes on. We don't give specific hiring targets for the remainder of the year, but certainly, we would -- we think there is a little bit more room for utilization, though Q2 was -- saw the big jump in utilization.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure, Sara. So with clients -- first of all, let me be very clear about this, there has been absolutely no change, whatsoever, in decision-making as a result of immigration. The number of questions that we've gotten from -- received from clients have been few and far between. Where clients ask questions, we've been going out and meeting with them. But the number of questions have been quite small, and the discussion is more around, "Hey, how do you think legislation will play out?" And typically, in those discussions will come up, are there things that -- the customers says, we as a company can do. Generally, the CIO won't have the authorization to go do it themselves, but what we're seeing, they're certainly hoping to reach out to their Washington offices. Clients are getting involved, some directly and some through trade organizations. But it's a fairly small number, which is appropriate at this time, the -- what's wise for key ones to voice their opinion.
Gordon J. Coburn: Tien-Tsin, SG&A will bounce around a bit. In the end, we target an operating margin, as we always have -- this quarter, we came in a little bit high but obviously, it will come down into the range next quarter as wage inflation kicks in. And so depending on where cost of goods land. Now -- but remember, what's -- part of what's happening here is we're growing. And as we grow, there is more leverage of SG&A. So I would not read a whole lot into quarter-to-quarter movements in SG&A.
Gordon J. Coburn: We simplified it this year. So last couple of years, we split -- part of the population was in May, part was in July. We simplified it this year, we moved everyone to a July cycle. So the ones that were in May are now in July, the ones that were in July continued to be in July.
Gordon J. Coburn: And on our assumptions about discretionary spending. As we said, we -- in the second quarter, we saw continued healthy demand for discretionary spending. We saw it start at the end of Q1, it clearly continued into Q2. And based on what customers are telling us, pipelines deals that are happening, we think that continues for the remainder of the year.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. So I think the majority of the increase in guidance and overperformance in the quarter was a result of discretionary spend. Because coming out of Q1, we saw the early signs of a pickup in discretionary spend, but we weren't sure if it had legs. Clearly, it had legs, so we were a bit cautious on it early on, we saw it materialize in the second quarter. So I would really point to discretionary spend. What we referred to as the run different spend being the big driver of over performance in the quarter and for the full year. And then, obviously, from an industry standpoint, banking did very well. It's a big business and it did well. And the payer side of Healthcare did well as well, so we're certainly pleased and perhaps, a bit surprised on both of those.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. So on wages, as we mentioned, our annual increment, as well as our annual promotions all go into effect July 1, so there is no impact in the second quarter. Obviously, it impacts in the third quarter, and that's way we guided that we'd be back down into our normal operating range. On capital allocation, as Karen mentioned, we continued to repurchase shares during the quarter. As many know, we expanded our repurchase program earlier in the year, and we still have about $500 million left in that program. So the focus would be when and how do we continue to use that program.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. So let me start with the first question on margin. The big driver is the salaries kick in. Obviously, we'll continue to hire, but revenues growing so that offset, so it's really -- the wage is just the big thing. And implied in that is we continued to invest during the second quarter -- I want to be very clear about that, our investment continued at a very healthy pace. Where do people go when they leave? They go to lots of places. The reality is, Cognizant has an incredible training program. Obviously, we're doing well in the marketplace, so our people are in demand. So we lose to various multinational competitors, to ISPs as well as once in a while, to other offshore companies. But I think what we see is -- and people understand, is when you grow faster, which we're doing, than the rest of the industry, does create unique career opportunities. And we see that, particularly, with our highest performers, where we see a very low attrition rate. So we're very pleased about that. So there's a pickup in attrition, but this has happened many times in the past, we know how to deal with it. So obviously, we got to make sure we take it back down to where we like but this is -- this has happened many times and it's normal course of business.
Gordon J. Coburn: Moshe, it's Gordon. On EPS, that's entirely due to the nonoperating FX loss this quarter. We actually beat earnings this quarter by $0.07 more than reported because our guidance always excludes nonoperating losses. So the reason you're not seeing as much EPS flow through to the full year as revenue is due to that $0.07 FX loss that we experienced -- nonoperating FX loss that we experienced during the quarter. The net headcount additions, I'd always be very careful on focusing on that, that's why we stopped giving guidance because there's a lot of seasonality for when we bring people on, when we want to take utilization up and down. For instance, late last year we decided to bring on a bunch of people, consciously took utilization down in Q1 and starting to take it back up now. So I think you ought to always want to be fairly careful about that. I'm not sure the nonlinear stuff is materially moving the needle at this point, on headcount additions because you also have BPO growing, which takes it in the opposite direction. So that's more of just utilization management.
Gordon J. Coburn: Keith, it's Gordon. Let me take the first part and then, Karen will take the second. So we just increased our guidance to 19%, given it's mid-August, and in our business, you have to ramp up the people and so forth. We have pretty good visibility on the remainder of the year. So I would say, our visibility is similar to what it was this time last year. The time when you have less visibility is in February, before people lock down their budgets. But by this time of year, people -- you have the natural flow. Obviously, you can have new deals come in and that kind of stuff, but you don't have the macro surprises -- that's all tied out at this point. And obviously, that's why we're pleased that we're able to raise our guidance. Let me have Karen comment on cash flow.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure, Julio, this is Karen. So -- think about there's 3 pieces. There's C1 and MediCall acquisitions, which we talked about back in Q1. Those are still on track to do about $90 million of incremental revenue for the year...
Karen McLoughlin: And that was in our original guidance. The only change this quarter is the addition of SourceNet, which is $10 million of incremental revenue for the year.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. So let me answer the first -- the second part of that first. So the $0.07 was the nonoperating FX losses for the quarter. So that was on the, essentially, on the INR-denominated -- the net asset position of the INR assets, okay, was the $0.07. Then separately, on the increase in the tax rate, that is due to the gains, essentially, in our India books on the U.S. dollar-denominated assets that are recorded in our India statutory book. So yes, if the rupee were to strengthen significantly, that would offset over time.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. So Rod, I'll take the first part, then, I'll turn it over to Gordon for the second piece of that. Regarding the FX impact on a sequential basis, there's about 30 basis points of margin improvement because, obviously, we've hedged a lot of our rupee exposure. So net of the hedge losses, that's about 30 basis points. Going forward, think about it as about 10 basis points of margin improvement for every 1% movement in the rupee.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. So Jason, I'll take the first part of that and then, turn it over to Frank and Gordon for the second part. But on the tax rate, what's really causing that spike to the 27% is the volatility in the rupee. So if the rupee were to stabilize at this rate, over time, the rate would start to come back down. So we wouldn't have that big swing in the gain or loss on the U.S. dollar-denominated assets. So we do not view that this is a permanent adjustment to this tax rate, assuming that the rupee does start to stabilize over time.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. So we actually don't provide cash flow guidance for a number of reasons, but -- including, we don't know the timing of acquisitions, what we might do under the stock buyback program and so forth. So I think we would expect to continue to show strong cash flow from operations as we go into the back half of the year. And we'll continue to invest in capital expenditures, as we talked about. And then, when appropriate, utilize the stock buyback program and do acquisitions as appropriate.
Karen McLoughlin: Yes, so the acquisition closed beginning of June, end of May, and that's spread pretty evenly over the year.
Francisco D'Souza: It's Frank, Darrin. Yes, we're very pleased with the strength in Healthcare, overall, and a large part of it is driven by, we're seeing broad-based growth across our payer clients and that's really across a spectrum of services that we offer. So we've seen really good growth there in our consulting business, program management. We're starting to do a lot of IT and BPO stuff, assisting clients with participation in the new health insurance exchanges. So we're feeling very good about the payer side of that business. The other side of the Healthcare business is the Life Sciences business, and there, I think it's going to take us a few more quarters -- there's sort of a lingering pressure on Life Sciences clients who are dealing with the patent cliff. And so I think that, that will bottom out over the next 2 or 3 quarters and then, start to come back. So we're seeing good strong growth on the payer side, still some lingering pressure on the Life Sciences side, but overall, you saw a good quarter-on-quarter sequential growth, so we're feeling good about the overall business.
Francisco D'Souza: I think, as Gordon said, we feel good about our competitive position at this point. Obviously, we're playing in the asset-light area of infrastructure management. We built a very strong, credible capability. Gordon, in his prepared comments, talked about the win up at Orkla, which is one example of a multi-year infrastructure deal. So -- and there are several such deals that we are competing on and winning. So as the market shifts more towards looking at infrastructure as a viable candidate to move to a global delivery model and in addition, as clients look to leverage the cloud increasingly and infrastructure in the cloud, that's driving a great deal of transformation in Infrastructure Services. We feel like we're very well positioned. In terms of margin profile on the business, we think that the margin profile in the business in the long run, it's very similar to the core business. We are investing in the business right now so our SG&A in that business is higher than what it will be in steady-state as a percent of revenue, and that's pulling margins down. But the fundamental of the business is such that we think in the long run, they will be very compatible to the core business.
Francisco D'Souza: I think that for the last several quarters across Europe, both on the continent and in the U.K., the focus has been -- our clients' focus has been on the run better services. So focused a lot on optimization of existing operations and looking more work to the global delivery model. I would say, though, that in the last, perhaps, 1 quarter -- and I don't want to call it a trend yet, we have seen in the U.K., particularly some pickup in discretionary spending as well, where we see somewhat of an uptick in the U.K. on business confidence and consumer confidence. We're also starting to see an uptick in discretionary spending. A lot of that is focused on things like the SMAC stack. So clients looking at deploying social, mobile, analytics and cloud. We're also seeing things like omni-channel with our retail customers. So we are starting to see, in the U.K., some signs that discretionary spending starting to pick up. And of course, there continues to be a strong thrust both in the U.K. and in the continent towards the run better types of services -- excuse -- in the run better types of services.
Francisco D'Souza: Jason, on the other part of your question -- it's Frank. I don't have a specific number, but my instinct thinks it's about -- it's been increasing in terms of the number of new clients that we're winning based on a Horizon 2 or Horizon 3 type of service. We're actually winning new clients now based on Horizon 3 services, clients that have never done business with Cognizant in the past. As a guess, without a specific number, I would say it's about 1/3 -- 25% to 1/3 of the clients -- the new clients that we're winning would be a Horizon 2 or Horizon 3 services. And that's up from, I would say, 2 or 3 years ago, that would have been in the low-single digits in terms of new clients for the company. So it's up quite considerably, and it's an indicator to me that, once again, that our -- those service lines are becoming competitive in their own right. And of course, we're having great success cross-selling into our existing client base and we're also doing very well selling those services to new clients.
Francisco D'Souza: I'll answer the second part first. The places where we're clearly seeing the most traction in SMAC are in the mobile space. There's just a tremendous amount of demand in mobility, that part of the SMAC business grew very nicely, sequentially. And more importantly, we're starting to see clients there where we are doing large ongoing platform mobility work. And a year or 2 ago, if we had looked at the mobile work we were doing, it would be small engagements in that space. So now we're starting to see a real significant client engagement in mobility. The next after that, I would say, would be analytics. And there is just a tremendous amount of interest in -- and opportunity to drive better business performance through Big Data and deep analysis. Cloud is a very significant part of our business but it's, in a sense, distributed across many areas of our business. So cloud shows up in our Infrastructure business, cloud shows up in our enterprise applications business. So it's very distributed across all of Cognizant. And so I would point to those 3 as being the places where we're seeing the most traction. And of course, social, I would say, to a lesser extent, that there continues to be some interest there as well, like the example I gave in my prepared comments. We don't update guidance on a service-by-service basis. We wanted to give you a sense last quarter of where we will land with SMAC this year. I still think $500 million is a pretty good number. Will it be a little higher than that? It could be based on the demand we're seeing. But I wouldn't want to update that on a quarter-by-quarter basis moving forward.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes, I would say -- Joe, it's Frank. I would say that in the U.S., I would call the recovery fairly balanced. We are seeing it across almost all of the industry sectors that we -- in which we operate. So the U.S., I think, we're seeing good broad-based growth in discretionary spending. The only place, as I've mentioned a little earlier in the call, that I think there's some lingering weakness is in our life sciences business. We talked to you about that last quarter as well, but besides that, we feel very good about the U.S. market. As we look at Europe, I think the continent continues to be a story of different countries and different stories in the different countries. But there, we're seeing more of a focus on cost containment and driving greater efficiencies, so sort of the run better part of our business. And in the U.K., a little bit of a mixed bag. I would say, broad-based growth but not as strong as it is in the U.S. So a little bit in the middle. So overall, I think that's the picture. And sorry, Joe, what was the second part of your question? I apologize.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes. So we're -- so again, as Gordon said, we were a little surprised when financial services came back -- in the last 2 quarters, we've been surprised as to the positive side in both quarters. This quarter, we had good sequential growth there. The demand is coming from retail, it is coming from capital markets. Retail banking, and as we've said in the last few -- 2 or 3 quarters, we've also started to see nice pickup with the midsized banks in the U.S. as they start to adopt the global delivery model. In capital markets, some of our growth now is being driven by a pickup in regulatory and risk management-related projects. And that often does include a consulting and, sort of, strategy and consulting fees upfront.
Francisco D'Souza: No, just thanks, everybody, for joining. And we're happy with the quarter's performance and we look forward to talking to you again next quarter.
