Gordon Coburn: Hey, Ed. That is Gordon. Historically, acquisition has been fine for us because we tend to -- because we work for most pharmaceutical companies. We tend to be on both sides of the transaction. We pick up the integration work. We tend to displaces others. So we’ve got, obviously, we did very well as all the acquisitions happened in banking industry, acquisitions have happened to date in the pharmaceutical industry have been positive for us. So based on what we are seeing, we are not particularly concern about acquisitions at this point, that may actually be an opportunity but longer term.
Gordon Coburn: And let me hit there. This is Gordon. Let me hit the second part of your question. Q1 clearly started little softer than we want it. Obviously, we still hit our guidance. We still feel very comfortable with our full year guidance. But, the math, the simple math is, it does takeaway some of the upside opportunity for the year given we started a little bit slower.
Gordon Coburn: And, Moshe, you will get -- three of us answering your question here. Let me just jump in as well. I think one of things about this quarter is it just speaks of the strength of the portfolio, right. We’ve got a really good portfolio of -- that we’ve been investing and we have been talking to you over many years about the investments we were making across the industries, geographies and services. And I think you saw that play out this quarter. Yeah, we had some softness in some parts of North America. It was offset very nicely by things like discretionary spending in SMAC, social mobile analytics and cloud. It was offset nicely by the performance in Europe, both in the continent and the U.K. As we mentioned in the prepared comments, the U.K. hit a $1 billion run rate in the quarter which is terrific and we have several other businesses including the SMAC business, Continental Europe and really all of the H2 services, BPO, IT infrastructure services and consulting. All of those are, in general, growing faster than company average and are well on their way to becoming billion dollar businesses in the coming year. So we feel good about the portfolio that we built.
Gordon Coburn: Sure. Let me take the second part of the question. We are trying to see if we have handy the first part and if not, we’ll get back to you with it offline. We feel good about Europe quite simply. Part of it is our execution and part of it is the market. In terms of our execution, we’ve really build out our teams in the continent, both through some acquisitions that we’ve done as well as organically. We now have the model that works in terms of the combination of local presence and multi-national capability so. And the type of services that we are providing, the combination of run better, run different are resonating. So that happened at the same time that the market is becoming more open to global delivery, to outsourcing in general. So the combination of those two factors, together make us feel good. When you look at it by industry, obviously the one big difference from North America is you don’t have the same spend levels in the payer sectors due to nationalized healthcare over there. But certainly our financial services, insurance, pharma, retail, manufacturing, telecom, we are feeling quite good about it. Obviously, continent is going off a small base which makes the percentage growth numbers a little bit easier to tackle. But even when you look at in terms of dollar growth and as an increase in percentage of revenue, clearly we think there is continued opportunities both in U.K. but more importantly in the continent and the Nordics. So we will keep investing there. The strategy is working out. Part of what we are doing is we are expanding our investment strategy. We are increasing our investment in markets in Asia. We’re starting our investments now in the markets down in Latin America, so similar to what we did in Europe. We’re now going to other parts of the world and the good news is as we do that, we now better understand the model between local and foreign nationals and how they act locally while at the same time having global delivery. So, I think we’ve got the model down pretty well and we’ll continue to roll that out.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. This is Karen. I will take the first part of that question and Gordon will answer the second part. In terms of the Q2 guidance, as you said, the middle of the range will be about 4% growth. That’s primarily driven by the fact that we saw such strong discretionary spending or consulting and technology services growth in Q1. Typically we wouldn’t have seen that pattern until later towards the end of Q1 going into Q2. But this year in fact we saw some early discretionary spending which obviously then didn’t lead to as big an increase as we move into Q2. So that’s really what’s driving the shift in the seasonal pattern from that perspective and right now just talked about, we see a very strong pipeline as we move into the back half of the year and some recovery in the outsourcing growth.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. Bryan, it is Karen. Regarding the EPS guidance, the raise by $0.03 is really due to the over performance in Q1. So you remember our original full year guidance on a non-GAAP basis with $2.51, we exceeded our Q1 guidance by $0.03 and so we’ve added that to the full year.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. So, Moshe, I mean, I think as we’ve talked about consulting and technology services which is typically the driver of growth going from Q1 to Q2, actually kicked in a little earlier than we expected. So we saw strong sequential growth there in Q1 and so to some extent that limits the ramp up as we move into Q2 and that’s really what’s driving the change there. And then as we talked about, we do think there is a little bit of shift in the way outsourcing is performing this year where it had a slow Q1 relatively speaking, 1% sequential growth. But we expect to see increasing growth there, as we move into the back half of the year. So that was really the only change there.
Karen McLoughlin: And this is Karen. Regarding the organic growth in Europe so and the continent for the quarter grew about 46% year-over-year on a reported basis and about 30% growth was organic growth. About 15 points was due to the C1 and the Equinox acquisitions that we closed last year.
Francisco D'Souza: I think you have to be careful with the pricing question. Customers want to lower their cost of ownership. They are far less concern about what is the rate card. So if we through operational excellence, through productivity, through automation, can provide the services for less without impacting our rate card, customers are very happy. So, as a result, we are seeing relatively stable pricing. Clearly, we are reducing cost of ownership and what’s happening is and you saw that our numbers even Q1, people are taking the savings coming from the outsourcing work. But and the lower cost of ownership there and taking those dollars and spending on running -- what we refer to as the running different the innovation topline growth. So the key is to make sure that, for us, make sure we have capabilities to deliver on where customers are shifting their spend and that’s a meaningful -- it won’t be a steady shift every quarter, obviously. But it’s a meaningful shift that’s happening. So you be sure to separate rate card from cost of ownership.
Francisco D'Souza: Hey, Peter, it’s Franc. Look, I think, we have covered the changes that we saw in the quarter. There was some slowdown as we said in healthcare as our client adjusted to the structural changes in that industry. We had some seasonal stuff related to the economy, the weather in the Northeast, nothing that I would be overly concern about for in a structural way. And then, I think, the one that Gordon alluded to a minute ago is, probably, the most important is that, we are seeing this balancing that we talked about as client redeploy dollars from what we think of as the run better initiatives to the run different initiatives, right. So kind of optimizing on core operations and using those savings to invest in these digital technologies and new capabilities that we have been talking for sometime. That shift is happening. We saw that happened in the first quarter, which is why we saw what we call consulting and technology services grow faster than outsourcing in the quarter. It’s also not a typical Q1 pattern for us and typical Q1 we tend to see outsourcing grow a little faster than consulting and technology services. So I think that’s probably the most interesting change, or, now we saw it in one quarter, I am not sure that, one quarter makes a long-term trend, but that’s something to keep an eye on there as we go forward.
Francisco D'Souza: So, infrastructure services, I’ll refer to as ITIS, is a very important strategic area for us and as I mentioned in my prepared comments, we are making really good progress. A component of infrastructure services is to have some data center capacity for clients where they want that capacity along with other services within infrastructure management. So we’ve brought four data centers on line. They are up and running. Clients are utilizing them as part of broader ITIS deal. So the strategy is generally working. We will continue to tweak a little bit. Obviously the market is shifting quickly in some of those areas. The investment I think we emphasized for people before is not massive. I think it was $25 million, $30 million. That investment is essentially all done at this point.
Francisco D'Souza: And Europe, at a macro level, Europe is embracing our model a lot more. The catalysts in the economic crisis in Continental Europe served as a catalyst for people to think very differently about how they acquire and utilize technology and business process services. In the U.K., our brand has become very strong. Obviously, I don’t think we are going to have this sort of sequential growth in Europe every quarter going forward. But clearly we are feeling good about our position in Europe, our customers in Europe and I think Europe, particularly Continental Europe is ready to embrace a global delivery model.
Francisco D'Souza: So let me start first of all with the laterals versus ELTs. Not heavily skewed towards, that’s actually kind of a normal mix. So I wouldn’t view that as in anyway unusual, the mix that’s exactly what we want. In terms of the timing, when people join, what I wouldn’t read a whole lot into that either that part of that is when the college students want to come in and so forth. I think the key to read here is one, last year we took utilization up quite a bit and now it’s -- we are kind of at the right level where we want to be, so you will see it more stabilize. We are able to attract or recruit just absolutely great talent. Our brand is probably the strongest it’s ever been, not just in India but in North America and Europe as well. So we are getting the people and they are staying, so the attrition has come down nicely. So we are feeling very good in terms of our resource and capability. In fact, we added 7200 people, obviously means we think there are growth opportunities for us.
Francisco D'Souza: Sure. So as you know, we did about $500 million of SMAC revenue last year. We’ve not given -- we don’t give guidance on what it will be for this year, but certainly SMAC is a growing area.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes. So specifically for Cognizant, we would expect the sequential growth to be better in the second half of year than first and some of that’s related to specific stuff that we won and will be ramping up.
Francisco D'Souza: Look, I think you’re potentially right. I think as you long-term, healthcare is going through -- healthcare is going through a period of structural change. And I am referring -- we’ve talked about the structural change going on in life sciences for many quarters now. I am referring more to, sort, of the payer provider ecosystem now. If you look at that space, there is clearly the Affordable Care Act. There are other changes going on as well. If you look at the commercial market for example in the United States, we are seeing more and more employers moving to high deductible plans and so on, which is changing consumption patterns for healthcare in the United States. In the first quarter, if you look at consumption -- true consumption metrics for healthcare services in January and February, they were down. True healthcare consumption in the United States came down in many places in the first month of the first quarter. So you are seeing the sort of structural adjustment at. My guess is that what will happen is it will take sometime for us to reach somewhat of a new normal in healthcare, and through that there will be opportunities for us at Cognizant to capitalize on opportunities. But I don’t want to be too bullish on this because the reality is I don’t know how long this industry takes to adjust, and that’s hard to predict at this point. So we are watching it very carefully. As you know, we are extraordinarily well-positioned in the healthcare. We feel like we’ve got the leading franchise out there serving healthcare, payers providers and the global pharma companies and the medical device companies. So we feel like we’ve got a very, very strong play in healthcare. Our position is strong. Competitiveness is great. Our teams are out there everyday talking to our clients. And so as these opportunities arise, I feel very good about how we are positioned to capitalize on them. But as industries go through these periods of change, it’s hard to get a good fix on exactly how things play out quarter-by-quarter. So we watch it very carefully and obviously keep updating you as our views change.
Francisco D'Souza: So there is a mix issue but the mix takes you both ways. So as we are shifting more to run different, people are less price sensitive and billing rates tend to be a little bit better. But at the same time, I’m growing my BPO business, where just the nature is more heavily offshore and obviously rates in general are lower for that because the costs are lower. So when you mix it all together and you look at the average blended rate across the company, you have a couple of things taking in opposite directions, which is the way it should work.
Francisco D'Souza: The main change during the -- last year insurance was a bit stronger than banking, we actually -- in parts of last year. This in Q1 banking -- core banking did quite well and for some of the reasons I articulated in terms of spend that they have to do on compliance, on regulatory, on risk management, while at the same time, they are investing to run things different and interact different with the customers. So you will see some back and forth. Obviously, the financial services segment is our biggest segment. So the law of large numbers says, it should, it should not grow materially faster than the overall company and I certainly would not have that expectation. So it will be a little different quarter-to-quarter. But core banking in Q1 did nicely. I think, Operator, we have time for one more question.
Francisco D'Souza: Yeah. Mayank, let me answer the last part of your question first then I will come back to the beginning. So, clearly not, we are not playing and in fact candidly the market generally moving away from the traditional large scale capital intensive, what I think of is more traditional hardware and asset-heavy infrastructure deals. So, I think, that somewhat the model of the past at this point. We are playing in, what I think of is bundled outsourcing deals, where you are seeing clients bundling together, applications and infrastructure management quite common to see that bundle happen. But we are also starting to see BPO and apps and infrastructure or some combination of all three of those being bundled together and so that’s really the bundling I am talking about. When we look at those bundles, I think, we’ve proven out time and time again at this point that there are true synergies that you can drive, that we can drive on behalf of our clients, when we combine those things together. When you are combining BPO and IT, for example, you do get technology and operations synergies, when you combine infrastructure management and application you do get technology synergies that you can leverage a so those are the kinds of transactions that I’m talking about when I refer to these bundle deals. Having said that, we continue to work on the traditional single tower deals as well and that’s a very healthy part of the business. So we are competing across all of those. I think in terms of competitive set, I don’t think its changed, we compete against, the usual suspects here in the space, including the folks that who traditionally have been the -- done the bigger -- what you might think of as bigger outsourcing deals and of course, also the global services player. So that competitive set hasn’t changed meaningfully. I think that was really all we had time for. So let me just close by thanking you all for joining us today and for your questions. We are looking forward to a good 2014 and we look forward to seeing you next quarter to discuss our results. Thank you.
