Brian Humphries: Yes, hi Lisa. So I'll give you four examples. First of all, it's important to clarify to roll up the client partner and returning to two-in-a-box, I think really simplifies Cognizant's go-to-market team in front of the customer. So we traditionally used to have two-in-a-box of client partner and delivery partner. A few years ago, we moved to three-in-a-box and we were returning to what we traditionally have had with greater clarity of roles and responsibilities.Therefore, between the client partner and the new role that we will term an engagement delivery partner. Second point, we will actually add more headcount in sales or the commercial function than before. I've referenced this in our prior call. We are adding approximately 500 headcounts. Not all of those are quota carrying, but some for instance will be business finance people or indeed commercial lawyers, but it's all with a view to helping us show up to more clients and have greater agility and for the clients with greater responsibility.The third major thing relates to how we want to compensate our commercial teams. As of January 1, we will move to a more leveraged sales compensation plan with at least 70% of the base fixed or at most and then 30% variable. And within the variable portion of their compensation, there will be strict parameters in terms of what they are required to sell that will enable us to ensure that people do not follow the path of least resistance, which is what they sold yesterday, but more readily embraced the things that we need them to sell, which is part of our digital strategy.And then the fourth thing we will deploy something we spend a lot of time working on the last four months, what I call a RAD model. That is a term to address how you think about sales segmentation in the purest form, how you tier customers, Tier 1, 2 and 3 based not just on what you sell them today but more readily on what you have the potential to sell them on.So potential versus current and then you tier customers between an existing customer or that you want to retain or potentially develop subject to your share of wallet or a customer that you want to acquire. And according to where a customer sits in that nine box, then the degree of sales coverage that they get or visits from somebody like myself changes.So those are four examples of what we're doing to try to ramp our commercial momentum. Obviously in addition to that, I've talked previously about greater alignment with strategic partners. I referenced in today's script the notion of going to market more readily with hyperscale players, but we have some tremendous partners in industry verticals like Temenos, Guidewire, Adobe and the like that we want to embrace further and make sure we go-to-market with together.
Brian Humphries: That's inherently a complex topic because we have a series of activities that we have from time and materials staff augmentation through to managed services or more fixed price type bids. But let me decompose your question down and Karen, perhaps you can comment as well on this.With regards to the sales teams, their ability to ramp ultimately also depends on where they've come from before and if they know the client itself or if they know the industry. Our intent is of course to hire people who are able to sell business outcomes, who have the gravitas and the wherewithal to speak with the C-suites, understand the industry pain points and sell a business outcome.So you need to expect them to last. However, as we deploy these salespeople and for the clients, they build relationships subsequently build a pipeline, the pipeline is ultimately progress and eventually turns into TCV, which later turns into revenue. For that reason that we spoken previously around the impact of these 500 headcount that we've agreed to hire, it's more a negative impact in terms of our cost structure into short-term.However, I don't view it as a cost. I viewed as a investment that will have an appropriate return over time in the form of sales force gearing. So OpEx to gross margin dollars or indeed OpEx to revenue dollars and we are anticipating the revenue return from that to really kick in more in Q4 next year or indeed the first half of FY2021.Look, the pricing dynamics are important. Karen can comment on those. I just wanted to add one point. If the client partner is the quarterback on a deal, they need to be surrounded with world-class experts that are aligned to a key practices and have competencies in those areas, whether that is artificial intelligence or analytics or digital engineering or cloud or otherwise.We spend a great deal of time in recent months honing in on the model that we think will give us greater competency and greater technical capability to support a generalist client partner in front of the client. We do want to allocate more pricing power back to the client partner, but they will have to operate within certain bands or parameters as the deals are pricing on a quarterly basis. We will review those, that it will be some notions of checks and balances.
Brian Humphries: I would say, the majority of the people we're targeting through this exercise are senior to mid-level executives. They tend to be not declined partners in front of clients, but some degree of middle management that has crept into the system over the years. Of course, we're spending a huge amount of time bringing our team through these changes and making sure that they are contextualized and that people know we are investing in growth.To be honest, I feel as though there's a degree of swagger coming back in Cognizant these days. Client partners, in my opinion, will be delighted with the news today that we are returning to a two-in-a-box model. And they do appreciate the fact that we're spending hundreds of millions of dollars to reinvest back into the business, including more coverage and giving the sales folks an opportunity to earn more than ever before via having a more leveraged sales compensation plan.Of course, that is not for everybody and there will be some degree of disruption. But we aim to mitigate that as best we can. And as I said, not only we are adding more people in deploying segmentation, but we're also honing in on optimization of skills via competency model that will be measured on a more thorough basis going forward. So look, it's very hard to control this. It's a people business. We're spending a huge amount of time communicating, contextualizing but we feel it's the right thing to do.
Brian Humphries: And Keith, with regards to the second question, yes, of course, it didn't go unnoticed with us as well, but we're delighted to have beaten consensus and indeed our guidance for this quarter. But bear in mind, we had set guidance prudently and we're also walking into the coming quarter having read the dynamics in the industry. So we remained somewhat I would say prudent going into this quarter as well. The backdrop is uncertain.However, I would say, if I look at the micro element within Cognizant. First of all, growth is permeating the company. We're going back to our roots, is back to basics and I think people are actually delighted with that. We found appreciation of focusing on growth as opposed to margin rate. We have very deliberately insisted on a significant uptake in executive presence with customers, I'm leading by example myself. And that permeates the organization as well. And then of course, Karen and I have been working on what we announced today for a number of months now.And so we've been trying to start looking at deals, not with today's cost structure but envisaging the economic value of deals over time with tomorrow's cost structure, which as you know, we're aiming to reduce and we know in Cognizant that once we get our foot in the door with clients, because we have confidence in our teams and confidence in our delivery, we tend to land and expand. And hence that’s also the reason we're deploying the RAD model going forward to make sure we accelerate new logos and cross sell and upsell.So, those are the positives, but again, the backdrop is uncertain. Certainly in the UK it's an uncertain, I would say in North America, what we found is there is continued compression in legacy businesses and pricing pressure under renewals continues at a steady rate, but the digital imperatives remain key.I've been pleasantly surprised as I've dealt with C-suite executives throughout the world, that digital is certainly not viewed as a cost center expense. It is very much viewed as a critical enabler both on the defense as well as on the offense for these companies to disrupt or indeed to avoid being disrupted by more nimble next generation companies. And that is an area where on the contrary I do not see demand constraints. I see more supply constraints given the nature of the teams we need to fulfill those demands.
Brian Humphries: Yes. So, hi rod. It's a good question and look, if I look back over the last four years and the data will tell you that we have been growing new logos but not really accelerating new logo revenue and really the pipeline and the TCV in the last 18 months or so, stop this year performing where we needed it to be. But the bigger issue was to your point, the install base accounts and we had stopped mining or upselling and on the contrary because of pricing erosion at the time of renewals that became a little bit of a drag on the business.So very much at the core of the RAD model is of course hearing customers, make some potential, not based on where we are today. And of course segmenting customers than between acquisition customers versus a customer that you already exist in that you want to develop or where you already exist that you're simply trying to retain.So the RAD model was key to achieving this. Sales compensation is also key because in our existing accounts, what we want to do is get much more leverage in the sales compensation program and put parameters into portion of people's compensation such that they are not just enticed but they're also obligated from their earnings point of view to cross-sell the portfolio into digital and beyond as opposed to simply selling what they sold yesterday, which has traditionally been a path of least resistance.And then the third thing of course, as we're thinking about upselling and cross selling, a lot of that leads to different decision makers. It's more project based, it's more pod cultures in digital engineering. It's line of service. So, distinctively changing out some client partners, we've done a good job on that in some of the accounts I've seen for us in the last few months.These are client partners that joined Cognizant in the last year or so, or 18 months, a different background, a different compensation model. But again, I don't think about the salary of a salesperson as a cost. I think about it as an investment and therefore I think about it in terms of sales gearing both on a gross margin level versus OpEx or indeed on revenue basis versus OpEx.And then last but not least, we were really trying to segment our own capabilities into a four box great sellers who understand the industry and understand the technology is in the top right hand quadrant. You also have a bunch of people who are very competent with technology but not really sellers. Some of those you can migrate across to more commercial skills. Some of them will simply remain presales types oriented, presales oriented people.Some people are frankly great sellers but don't really understand the industry well enough or the customer pain points. We obviously have to educate them and then the people in the bottom left that are the worst of both worlds, not particularly good commercial skills in terms of getting a PO signed but certainly not technical either. Those are the people that most likely you'll see exit the company going forward, particularly in a sales comp plan where with a higher variable portion of compensation they will not be earning as much as they have been previously.And then one of the final actions we've taken to ensure cross selling is to put all of these so-called CSE's. These are our more specialists salespeople aligned into the practice and service lines to ensure a great deal of focus on competency assessments, certifications, and then need alignment with our partners that intersect nonetheless with verticals to make sure we have the right skill sets and indeed the right go to market partnerships to do QBR with more of our partners and make sure we end up with asymmetrical accounts where clients can, our partners can bring us into their accounts and vice versa. We can bring them into ours and leverage the best of both worlds.
Brian Humphries: So I think in banking and healthcare we have some tremendous examples actually and I've seen some of these myself have accounts that we have really turned around in the last two years through different account teams, much more focused on digital. But that's a blueprint or a qualification that we need to bring more broadly across the company. You will see some inflection points, particularly in healthcare as we get into FY20, because we will be rounding the tougher compares.As you know, many of our healthcare clients for in particular merged into two and ended up with a very different rate dynamic for Cognizant. And we will be running that once we get to Q1 next year. In banking it's less obvious in the sense there wasn't a single inflection point or ongoing trends, some captives, some insourcing, particularly in a world of DevOps.But as I said earlier, well the legacy business or traditional areas of the business have been under some pressure of price renewals. I do see opportunity for us to better participate in a digital spend that these banks have at their disposal and have been prioritizing and that's what we're setting out to achieve in the coming years, of course.So no major inflection point, but I will say I am pleased with the revised energy I'm seeing in the North America team now in particular and the new banking leader and a new healthcare leader they seem to be going down well with clients. And that's always a good positive leading indicator.With regards to the content moderation business that's something we're working with our partners on right now to understand how to best transition the work. Whether it is one of the options or reference or another, we will determine that in the coming periods. For now, we've taken a restructuring charge against it, but our intention is to work very aggressively with partners to make sure that we can transition our employees with minimal disruption. And of course, financial consequence of that is of course minimal charges as well.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. And so let me talk about a couple of things in pricing. One is what I would call market bill rates and pricing for new deals and renewals and so forth. If you look at the digital business, pricing continues to be very strong there. Obviously, you have a high demand in that business and the short supply of talent. So by definition bill rates continued to be strong there, where you do continue to see pressure on deals and particularly with renewals and vendor consolidations and so forth.It's in the core part of the business, the heritage application maintenance, et cetera, part of the business where we do continue to see pricing pressure on those transactions. The other piece which we are referring to in the script is also around, what I would call contract hygiene. So the ability to get COLA increases, to get rolling changes when we promote people.As you know for several years that was something that just was not commonly done in the industry. And it's something that many firms have started to reinitiate into their portfolio over the last few years. We've made some progress this year where we have automated COLA adjustments and so forth, but I think we still have a lot of opportunity to continue to get better at that and enforcing contract terms. And in particular, when we promote people to either rotate them into new opportunities that are appropriate for their new level or to get rate adjustments within their existing clients, so both of those are opportunities that we continue to see as we move forward.
Karen McLoughlin: So Keith, it's Karen. Let me just cover off on the content situation. First, you're right. As you think about the model for next year, it is appropriate to take some portion of our estimate of the 240 to 270. As we said, it will not – we don't expect it at this point to all go away at the beginning of the year. We think that we'll phase in throughout the year, although I would say it would be more heavily weighted to the first part of the year.The other thing I would also like to find out what that range is that it does assume that in certain of the client's situations that they may exit more than just this specific digital operations work, that they may choose to transition more work. So this is our best estimate at this time of what we think the annualized impact would be. And obviously, we'll provide as much color as we can as we understand further the transition plans.
Karen McLoughlin: So Ashwin in terms of growth, I think obviously, it's early to give guidance for next year although certainly we would expect that we will start to see some acceleration over versus constant currency organic growth this year. Q4 is obviously a little bit light and Q1 does tend to be a slower quarter for us. So when we give guidance in February, we'll have a little bit more color on how we see the rest of the year playing out in terms of incremental revenue from the sales hires and so forth.We I think as we had talked about this before, we do not anticipate any significant revenue next year from that investment. It really takes about 12 months for the sales teams to ramp-up and actually generate a revenue that becomes incremental to us. So I think that would be more back ended and certainly into 2021. And now all of that obviously excludes the impact of the content, moderate content work in the digital operations practice. But excluding that, that's how we would expect it to play out.
Karen McLoughlin: Yes. So I think, obviously Bryan as we’ve said, and as you heard on the call we were assuming a target range of 16% to 17% next year, roughly in-line with 2019. As we talked about on the call, there is about a 120 basis points that we have to make up given the lower incentive-based compensation this year. And then on top of that, the investments in sales and training and so forth.I think it's premature obviously to give guidance beyond 2020, but certainly, we think the investments we'll make in sales will start to pay off in 2021. I would anticipate that certainly the investments that we're making in branding and training and rescaling and so forth, and those will continue on for quite some time. I think we think that perhaps those are areas that we've under invested in recently and so those will become part of the core of the organization going forward. But certainly, this is still a relatively linear business. So as we look to accelerate revenue growth in the future, that should certainly help to stabilize and provide some margin opportunity depending year to year on the investments that we want to make in the business.
