Francisco D'Souza: It's Frank. I think as we said during the comments, the growth was really very broad-based, which was encouraging. It was broad-based across industries, and it was broad-based across our service offerings. I think that there are a few things I'd point out. One is that we did see Development grow faster than Application Maintenance this quarter, which was the first time since, I think, the end of 2007 that we saw that happen. So after almost, in fact, a full two years of Maintenance growing faster than Development for the first time, we saw App Development growing faster than App Maintenance. Now I think it's too early to call a trend yet, but we are seeing some strength in discretionary spending and Application Development, and we think that that's largely because essentially our clients have underinvested in their business over the last two years. And now as they turn back to their growth agendas, they're starting to spend and reinvest in their business. So I think that that's one important factor. The other is, I'll just say it again that, as I said during my comments, that a lot of these new services that, as you know, we invested very heavily during the downturn in the premise that we wanted to come out of the downturn in a stronger position than we went in. So we invested heavily in new service offerings like EMS [Engineering and Manufacturing Solutions], like Enterprise Analytics and several others, new geographies like the rest of the world, what we call the rest of the world. And those also are starting to show results. I think it's collectively all of those things that we've invested in that are contributing to our growth.
Francisco D'Souza: I think, Rod, this is a place where we don't have clear visibility in the back half of the year, and so we're taking a bit of a cautious approach. The reality is that there is an awful lot of work that has not been done over the last couple of years that needs to get done. We don't know how much of that will get released, and we don't know what the new normal is. So if you will, once that pent-up demand flushes through the system, it's unclear to us what the new normal of discretionary spending is going to be, given that many of the industries that we serve are going through these fundamental secular shifts in business models and so on and so forth. So we're not assuming, at least our guidance doesn't assume that discretionary spending continues at the same level that we saw in the first quarter through the rest of the year because we think that there's some possibility. And I can't put a number on it or quantify it at this point, but we think there's some possibility that discretionary spending will return to a new normal, which is a little bit lower level than during the first half of the year.
Francisco D'Souza: I think it's a mixed bag. Certainly, we've seen some of the ERP vendors, see an increase in license revenues. So we think that, that may be a good leading indicator. But remember that our business is only -- our ERP business is only partially tied to new license revenues. At this point, our ERP businesses are -- I wouldn't say that we're seeing remarkable strength in those businesses. They're doing well. Our CRM business or our Customer Solutions business is doing okay. I think that's driven by the BPM part of that business, which is focused on the business process management and business process re-engineering needs within our clients. And given again, back to these secular shifts that are taking place, we're seeing clients doing a lot of BPM-type project. But within the core ERP, those businesses are doing well, but I wouldn't characterize them as being on a remarkable growth trajectory at this point.
Francisco D'Souza: It's Frank. I think it's a little early to tell. I mean, obviously, we've seen the revised or the proposal that's been recently circulated. If we step back for a minute, in general, we support the idea of immigration reform. We think that, in the United States, there are changes that are necessary and which could be very beneficial to global knowledge-intensive industries, which is the bulk of our client industries. So we support the idea of comprehensive immigration reform, particularly skilled immigration reform, obviously, which is what impacts our business most directly. But it's a little too early to tell beyond that, how things play out. We've obviously looked at the draft. We think there are portions of the draft that, for example, the green cards that are helpful to our business model and there are areas that we're concerned about, particularly around the H and the L programs. But I think there's a long way between here and legislation, so we'll watch it carefully. We're participating actively in the dialogue, and we'll continue to stay close to it.
Francisco D'Souza: It's too early for the regulatory reform to have impact on our business. And as I look forward, I think that we're still going through in assessing the full impact. But I actually see this as being the longer-term opportunity for us as the focus on medical cost management and so on and so forth is going to require the healthcare ecosystem in general to be far more technology and data-intensive than it even is today. So I think that, that, as a macro trend, will play well to our Healthcare business.
Francisco D'Souza: I think it's an ongoing process. I don't think that there's -- we don't have a target of saying we have x number of people we need to hire in the business. As the business grows, I think you'll continue to see us expanding what we think of broadly as the client-facing team. If you think about the growth in that team, let me try and characterize it for you in a slightly different way. There really are, I would say, three buckets that we're hiring into or building capability around on the client-facing team. The first is what we call the client partners and account managers and account executives. These are the folks that manage our client relationships on a day-to-day basis. And you'll see us continue to hire into that, driven by business growth. As the business grows, we will continue to hire that. As we move into new geographies, we'll need to bring those people into new geographies and so on and so forth. So that will be an ongoing process, driven by business growth. The second area we're investing in is in our Consulting business, in the CBC team that I talked about. CBC, as I mentioned in my remarks, is about 1,800 people at this point, and those are largely billable folks, give or take, with utilization. And so we'll continue that build-out. I would say that in that build-out, although we're not focused on scale, we're focused far more on quality of outcomes in that business. I would say that we probably are about halfway through the process of building out that team. If I look at the parts of our business that are covered by CBC today, we still have work to do to build that out. And then the last piece of the build-out are new capabilities in the front-end teams that we need to continue to build out as the nature of our business changes as we get engaged in larger and more strategic complex programs, things like program management, for example, which is a very important part of and becoming an increasingly important part of how we need to engage with clients. We didn't have to have extremely sophisticated program management five or 10 years ago because the nature of our client relationships didn't require it. As we are becoming much more integral and much larger in terms of our footprint at given clients, we're going to continue to build out the program management capability. And that's a place where we're at somewhat earlier in our journey, and it's a place that we look to accelerate over the coming days and quarters.
Francisco D'Souza: And I think it's early to tell. Obviously, as Gordon said in his remarks, if we look backwards, we've benefited from some of the M&A activity in financials as our clients have merged, acquired, consolidated. There's been an awful lot of work that's been driven by that. But in terms of the regulatory reform that's currently being discussed, I think it's early to tell. We are seeing things like projects in the area of compliance, risk management and so on and so forth, which are driven, not necessarily directly by these regulatory reform, but perhaps, as a strengthening of controls coming out of this crisis. So that's another area that we're benefiting from. But I think it's too early for me to comment on specifically financial regulatory reform and impact on our business.
Francisco D'Souza: Well, I think you have to think of it as a portfolio. And the portfolio is at different places. The traditional core services are very mature at this point. We continue to enhance them and make investments, but those are -- I would characterize those as more incremental. Then we've got a set of services that you could say we've incubated or that are relatively new, let's say, in the last 18 to 24, 36 months. And I would include things like BPO and IT IS in that group. I would include the Enterprise Analytics business. I would even put Engineering and Manufacturing Solutions or EMS in that group. We've largely made the investments, we'll continue to invest. They still require care and feeding but are already starting to show revenue that are profitable in almost all cases. And we're seeing good solid revenue growth. So those are well on their way and doing well. And then we have a set around new emerging opportunity areas. For example, the easy ones to think about will be new geos, like what we call the rest of the world, where we're very early. We've been making investments. We still have lots of work to do in those areas to continue to build out, and those will require attention and investment dollars over the next few years to continue to grow there. Let me spend a minute on cloud, since you specifically asked about cloud. The cloud opportunity is an interesting one. And we actually think about the cloud opportunity along two dimensions. Cloud is the technology and it impacts a lot of the areas of our business or has opportunities around a lot of the areas of our business. So when you think about cloud from an infrastructure standpoint, our IT infrastructure team is very heavily involved in the technologies around virtualization, around helping clients put in private clouds, around advising clients on how to use public clouds from an infrastructure standpoint. When you think about cloud from a platform standpoint, like the platforms that are available through Salesforce and so on and so forth, there, we have -- that impacts principally our Application Development business. And we're already engaged in a number of projects where we're helping clients build new applications, sitting on top of public cloud platform infrastructure, so building apps for Salesforce.com and so on and so fourth. That's already under way, and I think we've got lots of projects that we have when you think about those things. But we also think that cloud is going to enable. Beyond the technology of cloud, we think that cloud is going to enable us to deliver services to our clients in a different way. We think that business services delivered over the cloud, so it's sort of a combination of our traditional BPO business platforms, and people will allow us to create industry utilities delivered over the cloud. That will be a change in how these services are delivered in some segments. And so that's an early area of investment for us. We're continuing to put energy and attention, and that's something that, I think, is in early stages and will start to show results some quarters down the road.
Francisco D'Souza: Well, thanks, everyone, and thanks for your attention. We appreciate the opportunity to explain the factors behind this quarter's success and our raised outlook. We're optimistic that our investments have created a platform for growth that positions us well in the marketplace, and we look forward to speaking to you again next quarter. Thank you.
Gordon Coburn: And also, George, as you know in the fourth quarter, we really started hiring very aggressively. So we had the people in place with the right skills to meet demand as we saw the surge in demand in the first quarter.
Gordon Coburn: To be very clear, absolutely not. We have wage inflation kicking in, in the second quarter, and we need those operating efficiencies, which is a combination of increase in utilization and capturing some scale efficiencies to partially offset the impact of the wage inflation. We fully expect, given the wage inflation, to be in our 19% to 20%, both for the second quarter and for the full year.
Gordon Coburn: It's very similar to what others have announced recently. We expect, in India, it's going to be running for a combination of solid revisions and promotions running about 14% and then very low single digits in the U.S., so right in line with what our key competitors have already announced.
Gordon Coburn: We're hedged for a little bit over half of our exposure to the rupee for the remainder of the year, so we can certainly absorb some rupee movement. If there was a drastic movement, obviously, that would be a little bit more tricky to absorb, or if something dramatic happened, where they had to be a second major round of wage inflation. But I don't see that yet. It looks like our key competitors, given the environment, are trying to be as disciplined as possible in wage inflation. So we're certainly feeling like that's under control.
Gordon Coburn: This is one of the things we're very excited about. Many clients that we would have fully expected to be mature at this point, given the length of the relationship and the size of the relationship are not mature. And the reason for that is we continue to expand the range of services that we offer. And clients are both going deeper on our existing services and starting to utilize us for a broader range of services. So really, very small portion of that 149 clients are mature. I think it's one of the big drivers of the growth opportunity for us over the coming years.
Gordon Coburn: We're facing a little bit of improvement through the back half of the year. Let me spend a minute on this. We are starting to get price increases. Yes, I think clients understand as they're starting to give their own employees wage increases. They're much more open to the discussion about rate increases for us. But they don't all kick in day one because the clients need a little time to plan for it and so forth. But based on what we see now on an apples-to-apples basis -- because you may have some mix shift towards BPO, et cetera. But on an apples-to-apples basis, as the year continues, I think we'll start to see a favorable realized pricing environment.
Gordon Coburn: That was really driven by -- we wanted to continue to invest heavily as we move through the year. But recall how we run the business. We run the business to target 19% to 20% in operating margin. We overshot a little bit this quarter because we had a very healthy surge in margin. We didn't want to go spend against that because we knew wage inflation was coming in the second quarter. So Q1 was a little bit of an anomaly. You'll always see SG&A bounce around a little bit.
Gordon Coburn: We really think about the businesses slightly differently, Rod. When I think about Development, I would include in that data warehousing work, testing work, because a lot of that is integrated into large Development projects. The stuff that I would view as outside of core Maintenance and Development would be things like BPO and IT IS. So I still think about the significant majority of our business being broadly defined Maintenance and Development work. And I think we clearly have opportunities in both. And particularly this year, depending on what absolute discretionary spending, the pent-up demands, which do tend to have more of impact on testing on data warehousing than it would on the Maintenance services.
Gordon Coburn: I'd be very surprised if other offshore players were unable to gain the same opportunities that we're seeing. The clients clearly value the type of services that Cognizant, and I think others of the top tier players, can provide a combination of very strong technology and deep industry knowledge. And clients, as I said, are seeing wage inflation for their own staff and are open to discussions. So we're certainly out there talking to all our clients about rate increases. And I would kind of scratch my head if the competition was not doing the same.
Gordon Coburn: For the quarter, the number of billing days was down a couple of percent. It was down about 3% from Q4, and that has to impact about half. So billing days cost us about 1 point, 1.5 points.
Gordon Coburn: If you look at Q2, it's up about four days, which benefits us by about 2 points, and then it's flat each quarter after that.
Gordon Coburn: Obviously, the cash flow, we don't guide specific cash flow. The cash flow characteristics in this business are very good. Q1 cash flow historically has always been the weakest quarter for us because that's when a lot of the bonus money is paid out. So that's why you saw cash flow certainly was weaker in Q1 than we would anticipate it to be for the remaining quarters of the year. And as I mentioned, we expect to spend about $180 million on CapEx this year. But this is a business that generates substantial cash.
Gordon Coburn: In the India budget, that's in the process' final approval. There is no extension of the STPI holiday. However, there is proposals out there for a fairly fundamental restructuring of the India tax code. So the real question is how does that play out if the devil's in the details. So a little too early to know. Clearly, there'll be a jump in the tax rate. But after Direct Tax Code goes through the jump, it would probably be a little less for us than if the Direct Tax Code does not go through.
Gordon Coburn: That's going to be a bunch of noise. Probably, the biggest single thing will be the rupee, which went from, I think, 40, 49 to 45 or so. But there'll be a -- it's just the whole combination of things in there. I could get you some more detail but one that would stick out would be the rupee.
Gordon Coburn: We're in the fortunate position now. We have quite a few hedges set up going through 2012 which certainly mitigates the impact of movements on the rupee. So for it to have a material impact on us, it really would have to be a quite substantial movement on the rupee. So at this point, we remain quite comfortable, given the hedges that we have set up.
Gordon Coburn: That's very client-by-client specific. Some of our clients, the client takes the risks. Other clients, we take the risk. And obviously, we try to charge a little bit of a premium where we take the risk. So it's all over the board. I don't think there's been a movement one way or the other. There's always been a balance between the two.
Gordon Coburn: I don't see any big movements one way or the other. Obviously, we have the wage inflation kick in. I think we'll got some price benefit as we get later into the year. Do I see it magically bouncing back up to the 44, 45 level? Probably unlikely. It's going to stay somewhere around here. But let me be clear, it bounces around quarter-to-quarter both ways. We do not manage the business to a gross margin levels. We manage the business to an operating margin level.
Gordon Coburn: That's fair. Now remember in 2009, growth slowed. And when growth slows, you tend to have a bit higher margins because you have less and all those transfer going on. But if you compare now to 2007, yes, gross margins come down a little bit. Be a little careful comparing it to 2009, though, because they are different in the growth rates.
Gordon Coburn: Yes, that's the right way to think about it. Our goal is to manage the business to a 19% to 20% margin, excluding equity expensing. And we think we have all the levers lined up to do that.
