Ravi Kumar: Thank you, Ashwin, for that question. Good to connect with you. Having spent a significant time in this industry. I would say to build a growth mindset. There are a number of things we need to do. But I would probably highlight three of them as I talked to today, the most important priorities. First and foremost, Cognizant has to be an employer of choice in this industry. What I mean by that is spending time in the IT industry, IT service industry, what I mean by that is, you create a self-reinforcing cycle with employees and clients. Sustained success is based on quality, dedication and scale of the talent, but client experience and employee experience are so tightly linked. We have the opportunity to build a self-reinforcing cycle with engaged talent with a passion for clients and the growth mindset, which attracts the best clients. So that whole flywheel has to be self-reinforcing. It means a lot of things, all the way from retention to upscaling to leadership development to infusing the project and program leaders. Remember, we are a company of projects and programs, which essentially means as they walk the corridors, they mine our clients, these project leaders. And equally, they talk to our associates every day. So that is a starting point of where you try to build a trust with that player and continue to create that self-reinforcing virtual [ph] cycle does they call it. I think you talked about large deals. I think large deals has investments on both sides, investments on dealmakers, deal influencers, ability to create that momentum by supporting our client initiatives in various transformational initiatives of theirs. But equally, at the back end, you have to start to work on solutioning capabilities and the ability to build a continuum all the way from addressing cost takeout initiatives to manage services initiatives to large deals will come with people take over opportunities. And of course, productivity improvements. So there’s a lot of tooling and infrastructure. I think Cognizant already has some of it, you have to build on it, and then go behind this opportunity. It’s equally important that we build operational discipline, which also helps us to create the growth mindset all the way from fulfilling those deals to building market competitiveness on cost takeout initiatives to contract life cycle and risk management to consortium like deals and partnerships and a whole bunch of things. Well, do we have all of this in place? Yes. I think a lot of these things have already been set and I would say in the last few years at Cognizant. I have to orient this to a growth mindset and start to double down on the opportunities, which are there in the market. In the short run, some of this will mean additional investments, but in the medium to long run, you have to create that pool of investments inside by taking out costs so that you can then sustain that momentum for the future.
Ravi Kumar: Yes, that's a good question. I'm just three weeks into the job, so I'm continuing to assess what we have, what we need to do. It's a virtuous self-reinforcing cycle. As I said, as much as it looks easy, it's – if you're on it it's easy, if you're not on it it's not. I'm going to be on a listening tour for the next few weeks and months, meeting clients, meeting associates, meeting partners and I'll come back with assessment. I think we have built enough both on client and employee infrastructure – organizational infrastructure. Now I have to refine it and reset it for growth; that's how I see it. I want to build on it. We're not going to go back to the drawing board. We want to build on what we have and refine it, and as we refine it, we'll make some changes and get there. With related to employees, a lot of our – two-thirds of our employees work out of India. So India is an integral part of our strategy to differentiate and I'm going to spend the next few weeks in India as well, later part of February. And I'm meeting 100 clients in 100 days, and this is a goal which I've set for my own self, so that you get to know the pulse, you get stay focused on large deals. In fact, I'm doing a monitoring of 10 large deals every week, and we are continuing to keep the focus on commercial momentum. So it's in flight transformation, as I call it. We'll continue to do this, but we will continue to look for the medium- to long-term sustained momentum, how you create it. That's how I see it. It's still a question I will probably like to answer once I spend a few more weeks going through the listening part.
Ravi Kumar: And also the talent supply chain, we've been able to streamline it, strengthen it, and be ready for fulfillment and opportunities, which our clients are looking forward to.
Ravi Kumar: Jan, I think you've covered it so nicely. The one thing I would probably add is, I think in the last one to two years, Cognizant has invested heavily on organizational infrastructure to take large deals on a continuum, all the way from managed services to transaction-based pricing to cost takeout initiatives to digital transformation on that continuum. Now is the time to leverage those investments and take those large deals and be competitive on those large deals. So in a way, I would say a large part of it is done. We have now strengthened it, and we have oriented to the market for the opportunity, which is going to be presented to us. So that's broadly how I see it. As I keep saying, it isn't going back to the drawing board, but I'm going to build on what we have. We're going to refine it. As we refine it, we have to make some changes. We're going to make those changes, but we'll be agile enough in the market to seize the opportunities we have.
Ravi Kumar: I think it's how I will see it. And of course, I need more time to assess, as I said, it's listening to with both clients and my associates. But the way I see it is the opportunity ahead of us. I think we have an extraordinary set of client relationships, extraordinary talent pool. Looking from outside, I've always been impressed by the entrepreneurs spirit, the bold ambitions and some very good teamwork at Cognizant.  The one trend I've always been excited about at Cognizant is the confluence of industry vertical experience with technology expertise, a very unique spot. It's a very, very unique spot. So I could almost see this as a way forward strength and look for opportunities, which will fit the bill. And I do believe that we have been necessary organizational infrastructure to attract employees, retail employees, attract clients, retail clients and also win large deals.  That is how I see it. The opportunity in front of us is what I'm kind of configuring and calibrating the firm to instead of actually looking back and looking forward and trying to gear up for that opportunity with what we have and what we need to build. So that's broadly what I can say. How I'm actually trying to approach my way forward direction. 
Ravi Kumar: Yes. So just to add to what Jan said, I think my initial few weeks, one of the observations is I think our talent supply chain is grinding well or it's kind of moving very, very well. Some of the clients I've spoken to in the last few weeks have started to tell us that we can start to get some of the demand moved to Cognizant with the fulfillment starting to look good.  So I'm actually very excited about the progress we've made on fulfillment. I think we are ready to take more, and we're ready to continuously sharpen the talent supply chain for the opportunity with our clients. Our clients are starting to see that traction with us. 
Jan Siegmund: Yes. Maybe I'll take this. The Health Sciences clients that we have is a volume-based contract-based on the performance of that healthcare client. And so as the outlook of our client has changed, we had to adjust our revenue expectations going forward, which led then to a charge that we had to take for the expected lower volumes of incoming business to us in essence. And so the revenue impact is really going to be baked into our natural revenue guidance and forecast. So the charge that we have been taking is a discrete charge of $60 million. And that is a non-cash charge of prior capitalized implementation costs that we are now taken out of the contract. So future volume changes of this client could impact our calculation on these capitalized implementation costs as well. So there's still outlook. We obviously work very hard with our clients to drive great revenue growth as our interest and the clients' interest, but there is still a possibility of depending on the revenue development and the market performance of the client that we could be impacted in the future as well.
Jan Siegmund: Maybe I'll give Ravi also a tiny breather here and talk about the improved attrition, which is certainly one. First step into the right direction of becoming a more attractive employer and seeing it reflected. So clearly the dynamic in the labor markets have shifted also, but we also believe that the investments that we have made not only in regular and competitive merit cycles. You may remember we announced in the last quarter that we had accelerated our – this year's merit cycle to the second quarter, which is also important for the modeling of you guys into the second quarter. And that we have made huge progress on internal promotions, career pathing and learning and development and education, et cetera, as we have increased the number of our college graduates into our permit. So I think we have seen now a year of this permit from a nuts and bolts piece to stabilize, and we were very pleased with this relatively steep drop in nutrition in just one quarter. So we feel we are off to a good start here and then I think Ravi is focus on management, on enthusiasm, on growth and aligning will help. And then we'll kind of continue to refine those investments as we – as we need it. But I think we have already ended the year actually on that side with a big step forward.
Jan Siegmund: We're obviously on this utilization metric also a very detailed answer. In this quarter, the slight decrease in utilization is actually more driven by the relative higher percentage of Gen Z hires into our pyramid, which are not as utilized in the young age and actually a return to normalized location taking compared to the COVID years of where we had abnormally low vacation period. So those were the biggest factors. So I wouldn't model too much into the utilization. Obviously, we need to drive growth and as we now have better fulfillment opportunities. But in this quarter, actually, some of the utilization, both were the 2 biggest factors, Tien-Tsin.
Jan Siegmund: Ravi will chime in after I give you a more technical thing. I think as we mostly developing these plans, so we're clearly not at the end of the job, otherwise, we would give guidance today. But when you think large deals and calculate [indiscernible] of volume, I think deal characteristics of large deals have impact us on to our margin profile. And when we think about that, we need to build kind of our culture to leverage the relative margin strength if you exclude our health care charge and our pricing discipline and our delivery discipline, so that it allows us to be competitive for these larger deals that may cause dilution initially and then ramp up their full margin potential.
Jan Siegmund: Yes. Like I'll give you a little bit more background maybe about our bookings performance and what – where we have seen the softness and geographically and by digital. We actually did have a relatively solid bookings growth in digital this last year, and I'm giving you full year numbers. It's about I'm doing to 16%,18% or something growth in the digital bookings world. And then we saw actually the weakness by sector really concentrated, as you would expect in our Financial Services Group, where we saw the biggest decline in bookings volume for us.  And as Ravi illustrated in his comments, it's kind of almost in every industry where we're trying to sort out, are we having some industries stronger and others, but we do have success stories by industry sector, and we have declines in industry. So it seems to be a little bit client specific of what we need to watch out. You have talked obviously, now looking forward; we entered the year with one of our largest pipelines ever, basically.  And now a lot of work, which is for Ravi and the market teams to achieve, is to convert that pipeline into qualifications and into bookings numbers. So there seems to be a lot of opportunity still out in the thing. Obviously, the mix of that business is shifting a little bit. We hope we want to drive a higher participation and higher bookings number for larger deals, which we haven't had in the past, and that's the true revenue – incremental revenue opportunity that we're aiming to capture.  And but there is still a very solid market out there. Even though the demand on a sequential basis has gotten a little bit softer, if that makes some sense. So we're going to be laser focused, obviously on converting this opportunity into bookings and then to revenues. But the underlying market remains attractive from my perspective. 
Jan Siegmund: Well, that I cannot do. But I think I can give you a few, David. Good to hear your words as well. And I give you a few pointers that I think are kind of important for the modeling that we had prior disclosed. So the usual merit increase that puts negative pressure on our gross margin in the fourth quarter will now occur in the second quarter. So that will disturb a little bit our pattern of regular margin development throughout the year. If anything, I think, that second and third quarter traditionally our strongest margin patterns, and then we have the fourth quarter due to the marathon this will shift a little bit. But other than that, we are not really thinking that the general dynamic of our pattern of the year is going to shift in a very meaningful way. So I think it's like even our past performance, there's no guarantee for future performance. But like when I think about our year, I think that the principal dynamics remain unchanged. We have seen – maybe at this one point I'm getting into 12 years I look at Tyler, but we have seen actually moderate to good success with our pricing initiatives.  And so the contribution of our pricing initiative to gross margin in the fourth quarter was the highest. So we have really built quarter-after-quarter momentum, and it was 50% higher than all other quarters together. And so we're entering with a little bit of pricing momentum, and then we have – that's going to be partially offset or offset by our wage increases in the second quarter. And then, as you said, coming up with some sort of metric, which of how attrition is going to help us in revenue or fulfillment and some efficiencies is going to be then for the modeling.  That's what we also undergo right now, David. So I really don't have those numbers yet for you, and we're planning to do the update in the second quarter then. 
Jan Siegmund: Yes. The fulfillment in the fourth quarter really improved very meaningfully. And it gives us part, I think, is part of the optimism we have that we can go to clients and fulfill their needs, which as we have talked in the third and fourth quarter. In the third quarter was hampered at times by our resource constraints. So I think the improvement in fulfillment will translate into accelerated and enhanced sales activity. That's at least part of our thesis that we have. And it should obviously lower our need for recruiting and have efficiencies and the support for all of this will make clients happier and so forth.  So the underlying engine running a smoother is really a shift compared to where we were throughout last fiscal year. So I think that's really – that gives us hope and gives us optimism for it. Yes, we're not giving a first quarter margins, unfortunately, so I can't help you with any direction there. 
