Karen McLoughlin: On a year-over-year basis Bryan, there’s a little bit of currency impact that’s helping with the growth as well as sequentially. But honestly, we think the year’s off to a solid start, so we think Q1 will play out quite nicely.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure Darrin, it’s Karen, let me take that. So let’s start with revenue guidance. So in the 8% to 10% revenue guidance, there’s about 100 basis points of currency right now that we see as the benefit year-over-year, so 7% to 9% on a constant currency basis would be the growth projection. There’s no incremental M&A built into that, so just obviously the full year impact of the deals that we did last year, so Netcentric and Zone, which we did in Q4 and then obviously the TNG contract you’ll get the full year impact versus this year, we’d about five months of that. So that obviously helps with the growth rate, but beyond that there’s no large deals or no M&A built in to the guidance at this point. And then on the margin front, obviously we’ve guided to approximately 21% non-GAAP operating margin. A lot of that is driven by the benefit of the cost savings we’ve implemented in 2017 that will carry over into 2018. We’re also, as we’ve talked about, we’re seeing, as the business shift to more of the digital work that has higher value; it’s been higher margin work. So as we’re seeing that start to continue to become a bigger piece of the overall pie that will continue to drive margin expansion as well. And then we’ll continue to focus on continuing leverage around pyramid, will sustain high levels of utilization. We believe there’s more work to do in terms of scaling the corporate functions and really driving the leverage out of that. So it’s no individual lever, but there’s a number of pieces that will come together to drive the expansion.
Karen McLoughlin: Brian there’s nothing certainly that we’re doing in regards to the outcome of the US Tax Reform Act, obviously overall that is helping to drive the rate down. As you know in India over time the rate will increase as tax holidays start to expire and so that’s why in the guidance we’ve put a rate of 24% to 26% to accommodate a little bit of that increase as we look out into the future. But today, the rate has been and will continue to be based on a number of items including all the various geographies in which we operate, and nothing unusual that we’re doing though because of that.
Karen McLoughlin: So Tien-Tsin as you mentioned, we don’t give gross margin guidance and certainly don’t intend to at this point, but I think what you’re going to see is margins will bounce around a little bit during the year, a lot of it will be depending on hiring, the ramp up hiring. So as you saw in Q4 we did add about 3900 net resources. We also in Q4 gave raises and promotions related to 2017. Typically we’ve done that in Q3, so depending when we do that this year that obviously has a bit of an impact in the quarter that that happens. So our intention is to target the approximately 21% on a full year basis, but that won’t be a linear path throughout the year. It will really depend on the timing of investments that we make.
Karen McLoughlin: Ashwin I think in terms of the 21% that we’ve guided to for 2018, I think a lot of that’s going to come from shift in the business and actions that we’ve already taken. As we’ve talked about for some time now we’ll continue to look to optimize the pyramid, the automation continues to become a bigger piece of the work that we’re doing both for clients as well internally for ourselves. So there’s a number of things that are taking shape that don’t necessarily require what I would call a realignment charge to execute on. They are just how we will manage the business going forward. So we’re very comfortable the 21% target that we’ve set for ourselves for this year. And then as we move in to 2019, obviously we haven’t given guidance beyond 2019. But as you know today the difference between GAAP and non-GAAP is driven by a number of items including stock comp, FX gains and losses which we can’t predict. So, excluding one-time items those things will continue to be the big drivers of the difference between GAAP and non-GAAP and then from time to time there maybe one-time items, whether it be realignment or tax reform or the donation that we’re making to the US Foundation later this year. So those obviously will continue as they occur.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure Keith, if you think about it there’s really three currencies that drive both top line and potentially bottom line impact for us and it’s really the pound and the euro and some of them with Swiss Franc, but the smaller impact and then the rupee. The pound and euro tend to be a natural hedge, so whatever movement we see in those currency effects bottom revenue and cost essentially in line, a little bit of a difference, but it doesn’t have a material impact to the margin line. The big driver that can impact margins is really the rupee. But the rupee frankly has been fairly stable for the last several months; I mean it’s sort of been hovering in the 63 to 64 rupee to the dollar rate. So that’s not having a significant impacts on the margins at this point. And then as we’ve talked about in the past, we typically hedge about 50% of our rupee exposure in any given year, and that’s consistent from year-to-year.
Karen McLoughlin: So I think in terms of the 20% target that we set for 2019 for non-GAAP operating margins, I say we feel neutral when we’ve set those targets to ourselves and made a commitment to our shareholders around that. We had done a lot of work in terms of how we would get there over the years. I think we are extremely pleased with the way the company performed last year and everybody really rallied around making those improvements while continuing to invest for the long term growth in the business. So I think we’ve done a great job so far of managing both revenue growth and expanding margins and I think we’re very comfortable with the trajectory that we’re on there. I think in terms of pricing, pricing has been very stable. Very similar to the trends we’ve seen over the last few years where certainly clients are looking to continue to optimize cost if there is legacy or business as usual, environments and redirect those dollars to transformation dollars. But certainly what you’re seeing is some of the digital work and some of the more transformative work is higher value work. That is higher priced work and that is also obviously a big part of the margin shift that we’ve been seeing and expect to continue to see.
Francisco D'Souza: Jim let me try to take that. We expect revenue to unfold in roughly the same way its unfolded in past years. From a seasonality standpoint Q2 tends to be our strongest quarter from a revenue growth standpoint. Q3 a little less so, and as we get in to the holiday season in Q4 the revenue growth tends to be a little slower. So that’s kind of the pattern we expect. I don’t see anything unusual unfolding this year. I think from the financial services we don’t have significant improvement in the environment baked in to our current outlook. As Raj said, we see some green shoots, but certainly not calling a significant turnaround in that business. So that’s I would say modest assumptions baked in to our guidance for financial services for the year.
Francisco D'Souza: Jason I would say, we set guidance sort of the same way at the beginning of the year every year. So I don’t think there is any meaningful difference at this point in – as we said here at the beginning of ’18 versus where we were at the beginning of ’17. We go through a very thoughtful process of bottoms-up almost account – an account by account forecast of revenue for the year, that’s based on our client teams’ best views of what we have in backlog plus our pipeline, plus some factor for business at this point aren’t identified. We use that same methodology every year. So I would say that our visibility at this point to 8% to 10% is the same as it was last year at this point.
Francisco D'Souza: I think healthcare continues to do well for us, especially given all the investments that we’ve done as you’re aware of the TriZetto and now with TMG. I think as we look out in to 2018 I see that continuing. We’re seeing strong traction specially around the digital space and with interactive after modernization and just all the work around digital engineering and a very strong pipeline developing, continuing with our BPaaS deals, not just around Facets but also around TMG. And I think as you know there’s some potential mergers that are out there and I think we are positioned well for potential work that may come down in to those transactions. So I think overall the investments in healthcare serves us well and we see a strong growth in 2018.
Francisco D'Souza: Mayank, its Franc I’ll touch on that. Look whenever you – you’re thinking of a key point, whenever you have these big technology transitions you do have contractions, not contractions but rather shortages in pockets of the workforce skills. That’s why we invested very heavily last year and will continue to invest very heavily this year in retraining the workforce. Last year we retrained about a 100,000 of our associates with variety of new digital skills. That’s an ongoing effort. Digital skills are a little different than say past generations of technology because you have a number of different skills. There isn’t sort of one or two main predominant skillsets, when you talk about digital you actually have lots of skillsets, so that the ongoing training is important and we’ll continue to do that. I do think that’s part of the reason that we have had somewhat higher employee attrition, that’s also a phenomenon we’ve seen in the past when we invest in retraining, then it becomes attractive sometimes for competitors to take people that we’ve invested in in making the training efforts. We continue to feel comfortable though that we can continue to stay ahead of that, and that the training efforts and the training engine that we have is strong. I’d also say that a part of the reason that we announced today is the formation of the Cognizant US Foundation is to try to address this problem on a broader and a more systemic basis. We believe that the skill shortage within the US is very real and that we – given the fact that we are probably one for ourselves for Cognizant we’re probably one of the largest in-house training operations in world. That we can take some of that knowledge and externalize it and use it to train the workforce in the US outside of perhaps the traditional IT work force and use that to create new sources of talent for the entire industry.
Francisco D'Souza: Ed its Franc, look for some quarters we’ve been seeing, now we’ve been talking about this concept of digital at scale. Certainly something that we’ve seen over the last or over 2017 that after an initial phase of call it, piloting or experimenting our clients, these new digital heavy weights that I talked about, the firms that are looking combine digital and physical that are leveraging existing assets, existing positions in industries are strongly investing in putting a digital layer on top of their physical assets and their capabilities. That’s driving larger scaled digital projects. We think about large scale digital as projects that involve or they transform the business model, the operating model and the technology model of our clients. So that trend continues to unfold, and I think will continue to unfold through 2018. And as I said in my prepared comments, we think that there are very few companies in the world that have the end-to-end capabilities, they can work with the client on digital, all the way from strategy, all the way through execution. And this is hard work, right. It’s not easy stuff both executing for clients, but also building the internal capabilities and stitching them altogether in a way that’s effective at the client interface. And we think that we are very well positioned because of the investments that we’ve been making not just in the last couple of years but going back a decade when we started building consulting and so on. So over a very long period of time we’ve build strong foundational capabilities to do digital end-to-end, to do kind of large scale integrated programs for client end-to-end. And we really think there are very few companies in the world that have that range of capabilities.
Francisco D'Souza: Let me take that and I’ll ask Raj if there’s anything to add. I think Frank its surely to tell if there have been real changes to client behavior as a result of the US tax reform, maybe I’ll give you an update next quarter if we see anything, but right now it’s just too early to tell. I don’t think there’s fundamental change to our M&A philosophy as a result of tax reform. We’re assessing that. As you know tax reform will allow us to access cash that was overseas for some period of time. That may change the geography of M&A, but I think the philosophy will remain largely where it’s been.
Francisco D'Souza: Arvind let me set the stage and then I’ll ask Raj to comment. Look, I think I’ve said this for a while, right, I think the macro trend here in my mind is that the world in general is becoming more technology intensive. So businesses are becoming more technology intensive, governments are becoming more technology intensive, societies are becoming more technology intensive as a result. We’re using more technology in our personal lives, we’re using more technology in the business world. So as the world become more technology intensive that sets the backdrop for our demand environment, which is that, our clients whether those are businesses or government need access to skill, they need access to capabilities, they need to access large scale program management and governance to be able to develop, deploy, integrate all of that technology so that it actually delivers results. So that’s the macro and then I’ll let Raj comment a little bit about the more specifics.
Francisco D'Souza: I think that as a macros it’s going to vary a little bit industry by industry. But as a macro statement our clients are going to continue I think to optimize legacy and invest in digital growth. Now having said that, I think it’s important and I’ll make this point that optimizing the legacy is still in many cases a really solid and good business for us. We know how to run clients legacy systems, we know how to optimize them, we know how to keep them up and running. And these legacy systems are still very much the backbone of our clients operations. So they are not going away and they are very important because digital gets build on top of legacy. In fact, sometimes I say that – we talk about legacy, but actually these legacy systems are our clients’ heritage, right. And so they are really important to have that backbone. So we’ll continue to invest in that business, we’ll continue to stay very relevant there, and there’s a lot of value to be added to clients to just being able to go in and say, look, we can help you run your existing traditional legacy environment, more efficiently, more effectively, lower unit cost and so on and so forth. On top of that, we have to continue to invest in digital to remain relevant. And so we are doing that. Our digital revenue last year grew almost 30%, 3x the company average almost in ’17. So we’ll continue to make those investments, that’s an ongoing process, but I think I can say to you with confidence that that process is well underway at this point. We are very competitive across the industries that we serve. We’ve got good differentiation, our clients look at us as very credible players in digital. So, those two trends will continue to play out in to 2018 and I feel pretty good about how we’re positioned. And with that I think we’ll wrap up the call. I want to thank everybody for joining us today and for your questions. I would say that we are confident in our ability to deliver a strong 2018 and all of us look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you.
