Ravi Kumar: Thank you, Lisa. I’m going to – this is Ravi here. I’m going to start off and then ask Jan to add. We recorded very strong bookings, 28% year-on-year and 12-month trailing bookings of $25.6 billion. And you’re right, book-to-bill ratio is at 1.3x. I think the way to see it is it has multiple factors associated with it. First and foremost, how much of it is renewable? How much of it is new? How much of it is expansion? While we don’t give those numbers out, we had healthy expansion and new business in comparison to the past. We had four large deals more than total contract value of $100 million. Just to give you an order of magnitude. Last year, same quarter, we did not have any large deals. Large deals come with a little bit of – it comes with a runway where a lot of it is at the end of the cycle or rather at the back of the cycle. Short deals, small deals come with immediate short-fuse demand, which gives you revenue on the short run. Large deals give you revenue on the medium to long run, while in the short run, they take a little time to ramp up. So in summary, how this translates to revenue in the short and the medium and the long run is dependent on what percentage of it is large deals, what percentage of it is small deals. You would appreciate small deals are actually a little softer for us because we’ve – we know that the discretionary spend is softening in an economic environment we are in. So the large deals gives us the opportunity to accrue revenues at the back end of this year and the next year while we build the pipe for the future. Our pipeline is looking strong as well.
Ravi Kumar: Thank you, Lisa. I’ve met more than 100 clients in my first 100 days across all geographies, and traveled extensively to meet them and my associates. I would say, just to keep the high-level observations, I think our clients love the confluence of technology and industry demand which Cognizant really comes with. Cognizant, if you go back to the history of Cognizant, it was bought at a time when there was a tail end of the ride to cable, and it was born to be application outsourcing wave, which was starting off. And Cognizant built the capability on a confluence of industry and domain. And industry and domain, the confluence is very important now than ever before because we all know that we are living in a golden era of technology where the core of every business in every industry is transitioning to a technology-led core or a technology must core. So I would say we have to progressively make sure that the confluence of technology and industry, we actually demonstrate the differentiation in every industry we represent. Our biggest exposure is healthcare, life sciences, financial services, which is where I think we have really doubled down on this confluence and we now have to progressively build in every other industry. The second piece, I would say, is client centricity. I think over the years, Cognizant’s growth has actually come from mining accounts with the breadth of capability Cognizant brings. And of course, the entrepreneur spirit of our teams. These are the three things which stood out for me. And in fact, some clients actually who have worked with us for very long, actually said we are fans of Cognizant. I mentioned that on my initial remarks. And that was – that really stuck to me that these are clients who want us to move with them, who want us to challenge them and to want us to co-create along with them for their technology future, if – in – So there can never be a better time for the confluence of technology and industry, and I think we are so well positioned for that.
Ravi Kumar: Just adding one additional thing out here. I think these are two structural shifts in our cost as well. We listed costs in a hybrid environment as well as the structural shift in our personnel cost, which is a part of our SG&A., I think is an important part of this program, it’s a structural shift.
Ravi Kumar: Yes. So we’re very excited about the large deal momentum. This is initial momentum based on the bookings this quarter as well as a good pipeline. I would say there are two swim lanes to this. One is a swim lane on transformation deals, which I think, in some ways, now a little slowdown with the current economics environment. There is a second swim lane on cost takeout, cost takeout, specifically in industries, which went through a higher growth rate in the last few years, but are starting to go back to the post pre-pandemic growth rates. They are starting to see that there is significant opportunity to take out cost, and they are using vendor consolidation or cost takeout as a way to construct a large deal. I see more of them now. And I would say both the simulants are equally important as the economy takes an upturn, you’re going to see more transformational digital work coming the other way. So I would really say both – these are the two big categories of large deals. And the industries where we see more of it are the ones where there was a swing of growth during the upswing – forward trajectory of growth in the last few years where that growth has started to taper down. The timing wise, also the labor market is a little soft end. So this is a good time for all our clients to start to get efficiencies and cost takeout and use a partner like Cognizant to support it. So we see more of them now than before. And of course, it’s also reflective that our clients have the confidence to – for us to execute to those deals.
Ravi Kumar: Yes. I mean you see our revenue guidance for the second quarter is largely in line with our revenue guidance in the first quarter. And so we do not anticipate a really material contribution of the large deals that we signed until the third and fourth quarter of this year. So we do anticipate revenue growth acceleration throughout the fiscal year throughout the quarters. And I think we’re giving you a fair revenue guidance for the second quarter. We did still see basically pressure on some discretionary projects and smaller deals, as I mentioned in in my comments before. So I think the revenue guidance is kind of where we really solidly think we’re going to be at. The margin guidance is a very important question, Ashwin. Keep in mind, we do implement for the vast majority. We have implemented in April a merit increase. And the second quarter will, therefore, be different from our historic profile of margin that we have shown in the past year. So our second quarter, I think, warrants a good look of what happens when we implement that merit increase, which happened historically in our fourth quarter. And so think of it as a normal merit increase and the margin pressure that we will get from it. And that’s going to be some material impact for us in the second quarter.  << And so think of it as a normal merit increase and the margin pressure that we will get from it. And that’s going to be some material impact for us in the second quarter. That’s why I am mentioning it. And if you do the math of our comparable merit increase in the fourth quarter and exclude the one-time components of the fourth quarter that we had, you will see that in the fourth quarter, we recorded about 100 basis points impact of that merit increase on our margins. And fair to assume that things wouldn’t be that different in the second quarter, may be actually probably slightly a little bit more pressure because the economy is changing a little bit. But that’s kind of the framework. That’s why I want to point that out, so. And then the people action of our NextGen program, we are going to start to execute in the second quarter, but given of how we are going to be executing, of course third quarter and the fourth quarter will be reflecting the impact of a big portion of them – good portion of that program.
Ravi Kumar: And Ashwin, if you – just to jog your memory on this, we actually did one in October, a merit cycle, and we are doing one more in April. So, these are two merit cycles. In fact, three merit cycles in 18 months. It’s good for our associates. It starts to reflect on our attrition numbers starting to drop. And you have already seen that it’s an investment for the future, but it equally has pressure on our margins.
Ravi Kumar: Ashwin, that’s a great question actually. One of the things, as I mentioned my priorities is to get commercial momentum, large deals, reduce our attrition and be an employer of choice. The third piece I spoke about is simplification of our operations. The NextGen program is an important program to de-layer our organization and to simplify our operations. Equally, one of the things we want to bring a huge cadence on, I think in the last 12 months or so, we had some – we had a very good initiative around pricing in the market. And that’s a way to actually keep your margins intact. One of the focus areas for me moving forward is increased utilization, higher off-shoring, better pyramid ratios, better leverage of Gen C program. And the fourth is what you just mentioned, which is embrace of automation in everything we do. In fact, just a few weeks ago, I launched a platform called Neuro IT Operations where we want to go relentless on a client automation to ourselves, both on technology as well as IT operations and of course, on the process side. So, we do think this is going to be a little bit of a structural shift in the way we see our operating model, where we look at an uplift of margins, not just through pricing, but also through operational efficiencies and the leverage of automation. Automation is a moving scale. When everybody moves on that scale, you then start to share those benefits with your clients. And when you start to share those benefits with your clients, you have to re-innovate so that you can actually be ahead of the curve and keep it for yourself. So, it’s kind of a cycle you have to keep working on. And when everybody – when you start to share it with your clients, when there is a new baseline, you have to re-baseline it with more innovation. So, I would say we are now – we have got into that rhythm. So, we are very excited about how we could be competitive to our deals, which we are starting to see and how we could also on the downstream price deals to win and deliver them to margins using automation as a lever. So, it’s an important shift in the way we are seeing our operating model. And it’s an evolving scale because of the fact that technology in that space is evolving so fast, including the leverage of generative AI to increase developer productivity, which is the new thing we are working on.
Ravi Kumar: It’s an interesting question because it all depends on how much you want to leverage the productivity you generate out of these tools and instrumentation and platforms into your deals and use that to win more and share it with your clients. And how much you could actually constantly innovate beyond the time when you start to win the deals to when you start to execute the deals. So, it’s a very difficult one because it’s a moving scale because nobody spoke about generative AI in 2022. Everybody is speaking about it because just the scale at which it’s come to disrupt various businesses in the world, including ours, right. So, I would say it’s a hard one to put a quantifiable impact on revenue and on margins. It is a moving scale. We have to be constantly ahead of the curve. And again, constantly ahead of the curve not to execute programs, but also equally to win business because these are the same productivity baselines we actually take it to our proposals. So, sometimes, we wonder as the baselines constantly change whether it will translate that back to your bottom line, or it will translate that back to better win ratio. So, you have to keep that balance so that you have growth. And equally, you are able to generate that growth in a profitable way by not just leveraging the traditional levers of higher utilization, higher off-shoring, better roll mix, but also using technology as a lever to do this. So, I know I have given you a high-level answer, but it’s very hard to simulate and put a revenue model attached to it because it is just such a fast moving curve. I actually think we are well equipped to capitalize on the advances in the space and we are well equipped to generate the value for our clients, and we are well equipped to actually evolve our business model, which is potentially going to go from people to a people-plus-machines model, if I may, or a people-plus-AI or AI-amplified-human model, which I have been very fascinated about.
Ravi Kumar: Yes. It’s a great question, actually. I will kind of pivot this in a little different direction. If you are working on traditional technologies or classical technologies, as I call it, which is enabling a business, the pressure on IT budgets is going to be very high because a lot of it is cost driven. If you are building a CRM system, if you are building an HR system, a supply chain system. I think the pressure of IT budgets with the economic uncertainty is going to be very – it’s going to be tight. That’s how I see it. If you are leveraging technology to disrupt the core of a business, as an example, if you are doing the connected car initiative of an automotive company, I don’t think budgets will come on the way because it’s a disruption of the business model. Equally, the capability you need is going to be deep as well, which means you have to build different swim lanes in your operating model so that you could cater to classical technologies on one side, but equally cater to deep expertise needed for disrupting the core of businesses. This is a swim lane which did not exist before because most businesses enable the businesses using technology, now, technologies emerged into businesses, which I think will have more flexibility on budgets because the paranoia about the core changing means you could become irrelevant if you don’t make the change, and therefore, you allocate more for securing your future as a business. Some industries are doing it more paranoid because there is more change in the core products and services, and some are actually not as worried about this issue. I would say, depending on where you are, this would – you would find IT budgets to be under stress or you are able to find IT budgets not to be under stress. The second piece, I would say, we all have to think about is our universe is not as much just tech spend of enterprises. Our universe is operations spend of enterprises because technology is so deeply emerged into operations. So, if you put that lens in, operations, which have to be automated for better experience, for lower cost, for higher – for high-touch services, you could potentially immerse in technology, outsource and immerse in technology for companies like Cognizant to benefit out of it. So, if I see that as the universe, that’s a very different universe. In fact, just to give you a case in point, there are companies which have accumulated cost equivalent to the growth rate during the pandemic. And when they go back to the pre-pandemic, those growth rates start to taper down. They have to take their operations cost down. So, they could either do it by automating it, or they could do it by outsourcing and off-shoring it. And so you can have a benefit there. So, I would say these are three different things to look at. Even today, there is a consolidation of providers, cost takeout, which is actually winning in the terms, as I call it, where customers don’t spend more, but there is a swap of the portfolio between one provider to another provider, which means one wins and one loses. So, it’s kind of – if I just look at straight IT spend in classical technologies, you have a different answer – for core, you would have a different answer. And of course, if you are consolidating providers, it’s a win for one and loss for somebody else.
Jan Siegmund: Yes. Lisa, the 9% trailing 12 months bookings growth is really entirely driven by the very strong bookings growth in the quarter. In this quarter, as you know, we had three quarters of flat bookings that contributed to this overall trailing 12-month result. And so the revenue growth, in this case, will be picking up. We expect a model in our revenue guidance, some revenue impact from these larger deals picking and starting and ramping up in the second quarter – in the second half of this fiscal year and then have a full year impact next year. So for the second quarter, impacting our guidance is also the anticipation that we see softness in the small-scale bookings. So the second quarter, in a sense, it’s kind of a transition quarter, I would say, because we have the high bookings growth, hopefully, continued momentum in bookings as we go through the year. But we do have a short-term revenue impact from the decline of these shorter and smaller deals that are impacted by the economy, by discretionary spend. So that’s kind of how I think best to understand the relationship between bookings and revenue growth.
Jan Siegmund: Yes, Bryan, there is many moving parts here. So let me talk first about the overall program of $400 million of restructuring charges, of which $200 million comes from severance and $200 million comes from real estate. We provided really only an expected run rate savings rate to materialize in ‘25 at the full range of $100 million for the real estate component. We offer that savings opportunity because we feel it’s hard from the outside to calculate of how restructuring charges in the real estate space translate actually into full run rate savings. So that’s kind of we wanted to help you with the impact of the $200 million component for real estate with that. A portion of that, a meaningful portion of that will be achieved in ‘24 and then the full run rate in ‘25. On the severance, we haven’t given you a net impact or a gross impact. Number one, I think you can fairly easily calculate by the number of employees affected in the severance volume that we anticipate and make an assumption about the cost savings that we would see. There are many factors, and you’d see this reflected in a relatively wide range of margin that we gave for the year is wage inflation there is an uncertain pricing environment and other things that we will have to manage through. So we haven’t given more detail about the $200 million severance charge at this point in time. For ‘24, the 20 to 40 basis points of margin expansion would be off the exit rate in ‘23, and that would be our current outlook to ‘24. It should signal from our point of view, our confidence that the full run rate of this program will help us to not only offset large deal pressure that we’re going to see for this first year business cases of the larger deals plus the wage inflation or other elements for ‘24. So it’s a little unusual that we give that early in expectation on the margin. But we felt, given that the program is fairly sizable and only a portion it is going to be realized in ‘23, it will be helpful for you to know that we are confident about return to margin expansion in ‘24.
Jan Siegmund: Yes, we – we should mention that we did, I think, in our script that we are focusing on non-billable and corporate functions. So these are intended to actually lower our SG&A rate basically.
