Karen McLoughlin: Sure, Bryan. This is Karen, good morning. So Q2 revenue, the range is actually about the same as the ranges we've been providing in recent quarters and in Q1. It's about a $50 million range between the low and the high end of the range. One thing that we should point out that was not in the prepared remarks is this year is a little unusual with the calendar, so Q2 actually has less billing days than Q1, which is the first time in my history with the company that that's happened. And it's partially just because of the way the holidays and weekends line up this quarter. So that's why a little bit the Q2 seasonality doesn't seem quite as strong as it would in prior years. But we're very comfortable. The demand environment, as we were talking about in our prepared remarks and obviously I'm sure we'll have more conversation over the next few minutes, the demand environment continues to be solid. We haven't seen any change in that as we went into Q2. It's primarily just a matter of the number of bill days.
Karen McLoughlin: Good morning, Ed. This is Karen. So as you know, obviously when we brought TriZetto, they were very focused on software sales and had tremendous seasonality in their business, with Q4 being their strongest quarter historically. That still continues to be true. But over time, obviously, one of the things we've been trying to move them towards is more of an annuity-based structure. So in Q1 of this year, the sequential decline in TriZetto revenue was about $20 million from Q4 to Q1. That's down from last year, where it was over $25 million sequential impact from Q4 to Q1. So we're slowly starting to move them into much more of an annuity-based structure so that over time we would have less of that lumpiness.
Karen McLoughlin: Yes, sure. Thanks, Frank. So, Jim, obviously we haven't and will not provide any head count guidance. But I think at a macro level, it's safe to assume that utilization will go up throughout the year. We will certainly continue to hire as we continue to drive forward with the change in the skills mix. So as you saw in Q1, we added about a net of 1,000 people. That will move up and down throughout the year as we bring on some of these new skills and continue to also retrain our workforce, as Frank talked about. In terms of the balance between campus and lateral hiring, that will continue to shift from quarter to quarter. As you know, we have a very robust campus hiring program in India. That continues. In the U.S., we continue to expand our campus hiring programs, and that's everything from working with local community colleges and retraining and skilling programs, all the way up through the big MBA and Master's programs. And then similarly in Europe, we also do a lot of campus recruiting there. So we've got very robust campus programs that we've put in place over the last few years, and continue to look to those as ways of expanding our local presence onsite.
Karen McLoughlin: Hi, Brian. This is Karen. So it was a little hard to hear you, but I think you were asking about gross margin for the quarter.
Karen McLoughlin: So gross margin, as we've talked about from time to time, will move up and down. Our focus is always on non-GAAP operating margin. But what you saw putting pressure on gross margin, we saw this last year as well, is in 2016 we hired a lot of people, and frankly, head count grew much faster than revenue. That already did start to subside, at least on a sequential basis, this quarter and will continue to subside this year and will bring those two back more in line. And certainly head count growth I would expect to grow actually slower than revenue this year. So it was really the lower utilization that was putting pressure on gross margin, but as I said, that will start to reverse itself as we get through the rest of the year.
Karen McLoughlin: So I think really the vast majority of the initiatives are just starting now, so I would say the January and February timeframe was a lot of planning. We want to be very thoughtful. It is most critical that we continue to invest for growth and the shift to digital that we're seeing in the business. So that's our – first and foremost, we need to make sure we protect that while at the same time, obviously, we're looking for opportunities to enhance our cost structure and further optimize our cost structure. So there were some small actions in Q1. As you saw, there was about $11 million of realignment cost that was a combination of advisory fees to help us prepare for this, as well as some severance. But most of the actions will begin here or have begun already in Q2. We just launched earlier this week a voluntary separation package. That program will go through the end of Q2, so we'll start to see the benefits of that as we get into Q3. Similarly, as we're looking at real estate and other opportunities and vendor consolidation and so forth, the vast majority of those benefits we'll start to see towards the end of Q2, but most of that will really start to kick in as we get into the back half of this year, which will then hopefully set us up very well as we move into next year and we start to see the full-year benefits of those.
Karen McLoughlin: So, Ashwin, this is Karen. I'll take that. I think similar to the answer to Brian's question, this is really about utilization in Q1. As the business mix continues to take hold, digital becomes a bigger piece of the business. We are actually seeing that business continue to be margin accretive. And we expect that to continue, and that is certainly a big piece of what will help drive our margin profile in the outer years. But in the short term, because of all the hiring we did last year and the fact that we had such a big drop in utilization year over year as we went through last year, that's really what's putting the pressure on gross margin. And as I said, we would expect that to start to reverse as the year goes on.
Karen McLoughlin: Sure. So, Keith, I'll start and I think I'll let Frank add some color as well. In terms of the onsite costs, this is interesting. On a like-on-like basis, if we're hiring the same skills with a local worker versus somebody who comes over on a visa, there really isn't significant difference in the cost structure by the time you factor in the cost of the wages, the relocation, et cetera, versus the compensation that we're paying. And obviously, we have to keep in mind that when you're using the H-1B program, there are prevailing wage structures that set the salaries that we are going to pay to our people. So essentially, those salaries are set at market wage. So we're not seeing any significant difference as you shift the workforce. The biggest challenge is finding the right talent, and that has always been the concern and the challenge. So as long as you can find the right skill set, the cost structure is not significantly different. In terms of the ability to move work offshore and the willingness, I think it's the same issue. If clients can find the talent here in the U.S. or in Europe as it may apply, then I think certainly people would avail of that. But when the talent is not available, people are certainly willing to look at moving work offshore. And I will ask Frank, he may have color to add to that as well.
Francisco D'Souza: Good morning, Bryan. I would say specifically related to immigration, we really have not seen any slowdown or impact on client demand. And overall, we were pleased with Q1 at the top end of our range. And so I think that there wasn't any impact obviously in Q1, and we haven't seen anything that concerns us going forward.
Francisco D'Souza: Okay, why don't I – Jim, this is Frank. I'll take some of that and then I'll ask Karen to cover some parts of it. We don't disclose numbers around our use of visas for competitive reasons. But I think, as Raj said in the prepared comments, this year we filed for half the number of H-1s that we had filed last year. We wanted to put that out there just to give you a sense that we are continuing to aggressively shift the model, to continue to give you a trend line that says as the business shifts more toward digital, as our clients – as the demand from clients is more about collocation and co-innovation because that's the kind of work that digital demands, that we're shifting the model accordingly. As a U.S. company, we're committed to hiring and reskilling employees, not just in the U.S., but really in all the markets around the world where we operate. Specific to the U.S., we're hiring more here. We've got what we think are very innovative training programs with colleges to help train the next generation of technology workers. As Raj said, we're expanding the number of our U.S.-based centers. He gave you an example of the Tampa center and some color around that one. Like Tampa, we have 20 other centers like that already around the U.S. that we will continue to build and grow and expand our footprint in. And let me ask Karen to cover head count and our thinking around head count as we look through the rest of the year
Francisco D'Souza: I think Karen has covered it well. I have very little color to add. All I would say is that on the issue of moving more work offshore, I think in general you have to look at that by line of service. I think that generally speaking, we're pretty optimized by line of service. But on some of the older lines of service, application maintenance, quality assurance, and so on, there may be some incremental opportunity to optimize the mix there. That's driven by maturity of those service offerings, more comfort that clients have with executing in a global delivery model, and to some extent driven by advances in technology, better communications technology, better collaboration and interaction technologies. I don't think that's a significant move. And to some extent, as we look at the portfolio overall, that move is somewhat at the portfolio level offset by the digital, the new digital work that requires more collocation, co-innovation closer to the client. At a portfolio level, I'm not sure you'd see significant shifts one way or the other.
Francisco D'Souza: Lisa, I would say while this is a transition that we're taking the company through, I think the company – and I give the team a lot of credit. I'll take a minute here to recognize everybody on the Cognizant leadership team and all of the people around the world who have gotten behind making this transition happen. It's not dissimilar to many other transitions that we've managed through in the past. We lived through the financial crisis and came out stronger at the other end when close to 50% of our revenue back then came from the financial services industry. We made the shift from year 2000 to the Internet and e-business and so on and so forth. The company is a little bit bigger today than it was back then, so the magnitude of what we're doing is a little bit bigger, but I would say the elements are similar. The reality is that we have a very, very strong market position that comes from incredibly strong client relationships that go back many years. We understand our clients. We understand their businesses. We understand their technology environments. And our advantage in digital comes from the fact that clients are moving into this phase where they are doing digital at scale, which means they're transforming their business models, they're transforming their operating models, and they're transforming their technology models, all of these in tandem simultaneously. That is Cognizant's advantage, that we have this capability to be able to work with them to transform their business model, their operating model, and their technology model through that in tandem in one strong, solid integrated fashion. So we've got a strong value proposition. We've got a strong – in the marketplace. Now in terms of the changes, the core capabilities that we have, our consulting teams, our strong industry domain expertise, those are relevant. We are going through a large process, as I said in my prepared remarks, of re-creating and reskilling the teams. That's mostly related to new digital technologies. We're doing that at scale, so that's a heavy lift given the number of people that we need to take through that. But we've got a great workforce, a workforce that's committed to continuous learning. And so it's a question of making that happen as opposed to desire or will to have that happen. So I think we're taking the company through that. Look, I think in terms of the margin expansion program, the company is committed to this. We're looking at it as an opportunity to simplify the business, frankly. We've had 20-plus years of rapid growth. The company was probably a little bit more complicated internally than it needed to be in some areas. This is an opportunity for us to simplify. It's an opportunity for us to get better. It's an opportunity for us to be more efficient and more effective in how we do things, and the emphasis is on simplification. And given that, I think the team is rallying around that because they see that this is an opportunity for us to run the place better and be stronger as a result of that. So I think we're well on our way. We feel very good. The management team is deeply committed to this plan. We see the opportunity as we shift to digital. We see the benefits of simplifying the business. And I think as Karen said, we're off to a good start in Q1, and you'll start to see the actions on the margin front in Q2.
Francisco D'Souza: Arvind, it's Frank. There were multiple parts to that question, so I'll try to address them all, so a couple of things. I would say in terms of consulting scale-up, as you know, the consulting business at Cognizant is one that we've been building for years. And so in terms of the basics of that business and the basics of scaling that business up, I think we've got a very robust mechanism in place now. We've got strong campus hiring, MBA campus hiring, both in India and in the U.S. and Europe, so we hire MBAs from the top institutions around the world. That feeds the consulting permits. So the basic mechanism of scaling that up I think is very much in place and very strong. Having said that, as you pointed out, consulting has never been more relevant. And we continue to look to other ways to scale up our consulting group, particularly inorganically in addition to the organic things that we're doing. So you will continue to see us looking at consulting companies as part of our inorganic screen. I would say that in terms of areas of focus, we will continue to deepen in the industries that we serve our consulting capability. We're also looking to scale up technology consulting in particular areas that relate to digital around cloud migration. You will see us scaling up. We've already done, as you know, a few acquisitions in what I think of as the front end, the business model side of digital, so experience, design, creative, human factors, all of those kinds of things which are very consultative in nature. And then the last part of your question relates to integrating consulting more tightly in the client interface, and that's certainly something that we're doing. We've moved now increasingly to a model where, in addition to having client partners on our biggest clients, which is the historical model, we're also infusing the client interface with more dedicated, more full-time consultants from the Cognizant business consulting team. So all of that very much in the works and continues to scale up, so hopefully that addresses all the parts of your questions.
Francisco D'Souza: And with that, I think we're just about out of time. So I want to end by thanking everybody again for joining us today. Thanks very much for your questions. And as always, we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thanks, everybody.
