Rajeev Mehta: Hey, Jim. This is Raj, here. Look, as we said, right, I mean I think the entire Financial Services story is a mix where insurance and the mid-tier banks are doing really well and where some of the challenges are is on these large money center banks. And I think when we drill in o the large money center banks, we're talking about a handful of clients. And the good news is it looks like our North American banks, the large ones, we are seeing a turnaround there. And just to give you an example, one of our largest banking accounts went through that shift a couple of years ago, the technology shift. That's really changed. We're seeing very healthy growth at that relationship now and 40% of our work is around digital. And where the challenge still comes around is couple of our European-based accounts. And I think, as we've said before, right, each one is on a different schedule in terms of shifting towards technology. We're making smart decisions as well too, in terms of making sure that the business that we're going after is profitable business and healthy business for us as well. So we're making some conscious decisions there is as well. But I would tell you that in all of them we continue to grow in digital, they're all strategic partners. The banking revenue that we have in digital is consistent to the overall digital revenue that we have as a company. And I think we will get to – we've seen that we can deliver, we can transform these accounts. At these relationships, we impact the client, not only in the digital, but in the operations and their core technologies. So we're optimistic that those will also turn, but it's hard to predict when they will turn.
Rajeev Mehta: Yeah, the only thing I would add to that, Edward, is I think our BPO story has really expanded from the Financial Services and Healthcare and life sciences industry to now, we're very strong players in our – the Communication, Media and Technology space, we're providing lots of work to a lot of the leading digital companies out there. In addition to that you have a strong story that's being built out in our Products and Resources group as well too. So the BPO story has significantly expanded in terms of where it was a couple of years ago.
Rajeev Mehta: So, Bryan, I'll jump in and I'll let Frank add as well. Look, the Comm, Media and Technology is a segment that, if you recall not so long ago, we called it as others, but we've seen significant traction. We've been investing heavily into the space. I do think that at some point, right, some of the clients that we have that we're working with will become some of our largest clients for Cognizant. So I think we're making good progress in doing core technology work, digital operations and then helping in terms of – on the business side as well, too, so a healthy growth. In terms of M&A, I don't think anything specific that we're focused on CMT, but I think we look at it in terms of broad, just in terms of all the practices, right? If there is a core technology that help expand those relationships, if there's key consulting capabilities that help us broaden and deepen our relationships at those clients, we'll – or if there's geographic plays or platform plays. So I think that's our approach with CMT as well.
Rajeev Mehta: Yeah. So, look, the answer is definitely yes, right? I mean, we made a commitment to you that we were going to go focus, shift our business towards more high-value added digital work and add healthy margins. And we are being smart and making sure that we're – the work that we're doing is strategic to our clients and presents a long-term healthy growth, healthy margin opportunities for us, so answer is yes. If there are some work that we feel that doesn't present – meet that criteria, we have chosen to walk away from.
Rajeev Mehta: Yeah. So, hi, Joseph. It is hard to predict because each client is different, they're all going through various business scenarios in terms of how they're leveraging technology. But I think one thing that is definitely there, right, all of them realize that it's important to invest in digital. I think – so I do think that we have the winning formula because I think one of the key strengths that we have is because the size and nature of the work that we do there for these clients, impacting lots of the digital work we're doing, the operations and technology and having the strong domain expertise that we have at the clients, I think they all view us as a strategic partner. And I do expect that as more of our mix shifts towards digital, just like it has in North America, that we'll continue to excel at those accounts as well, but it's hard to predict the exact timeframe because each one of those accounts has a different business scenario going on.
Karen McLoughlin: So, Jim, as we said in the prepared remarks, obviously, we continue to target approximately 21% for non-GAAP operating margin, which, obviously, does suggest a reduction in the back half of the year. Typically, when we do raises and promotions, you'll see about a point – one to two points negative impact in the quarter. This year we've actually split the timing of the raises and the promotions, so we're currently – as we just announced, raises and promotions for the bottom half of the pyramid, for more the junior folks will happen in Q3; for the more senior folks that will happen in the Q4 timeframe. So you will see some bump down this quarter and then subsequently in the fourth quarter. The margin benefit from ASC 606 is a little bit hard to predict. Obviously, as we've said, just given – it's hard to know the exact timing and specifics of contracts. But we don't expect it to have a material impact on the overall results for the rest of the year, but, certainly, we will see some pressure on margins because of raises and promotions as we get into the back half of the year. But we, obviously, are still committed to our approximately 21% target for the year.
Karen McLoughlin: So, Brian, I don't think we've really seen any change from a clients' perspective. You've got some clients who are more willing, you've got other clients who prefer to keep more of the work on-site. So we really haven't seen any shift in behavior from a client perspective. I think, as we've talked about and others have talked about in the market for some time now, there were certain types of work that clients are looking to do more on-site, some more agile development and so forth. And then when you're in a heavy transformation environment like we are today and a lot more consulting that tends to have a heavier on-site ratio. But overall, I wouldn't say that we've seen any changes in behavior from clients due to any of the immigration concerns.
Karen McLoughlin: So, Ashwin, it's Karen. I'll try and take those and others can chime in. But if you look at the 3Q guide, and let's just, for argument's sake, say you go to the middle of the range, that would suggest about a 1% sequential Q3 to Q4 growth. That's not unreasonable, I mean that's certainly – unless there's some unusual furloughs or anything like that. So I think the guidance for Q3 puts us right where we want to be for the full-year. We're not really expecting any significant acceleration in the fourth quarter. And then in terms of ASC 606, I think really the only color we can give you is the way we've broken it out, which is that because of ASC 606, there's about $52 million of incremental revenue this year. As we said in my prepared remarks, we look at the contracts that existed at the end of last year. It's only about – it's less than a $10 million impact or benefit that we've received from that. It would be almost impossible to go back and redo all the prior-year contracts, so we really just have to look at it based on the current year results and the benefit that we've gotten, which is primarily due to contracts that have been awarded this year.
Karen McLoughlin: Yeah. So I think, one, if we go back to Q2, right, so when we gave our Q2 guidance, obviously, that was the beginning of May. So we had a pretty good handle on what contracts we're starting and the impact of any contracts, so it was included in our guidance, both from a revenue and a margin perspective. And you can't really break it out because going back to Frank's prior comments, right, we really look at the business on an annual, monthly, quarterly and a semi-annual basis to really look at where do we think margins are going to land, what investments can we make. And we make investments to adjust to the revenue growth and the margin trajectory for the company. So you can't just pull out ASC 606 in isolation because we would have made other trade-offs if not for that. So I don't think you can look it at that way. And when we look at the full-year basis, I mean, keep in mind, even at the bottom end of our range, we're over $16 billion of revenue on a full-year basis. So 1% of revenue is $160 million, and we certainly don't expect the ASC 606 revenue impact to be even that large. So at a company level, it's not material for the year.
Karen McLoughlin: So – and really the only inorganic revenue in Healthcare was Bolder, which we acquired in April. TMG is actually – is a client win that's not an acquisition. So that is organic revenue growth. So I think on a year-over-year basis, the practice grew about 10%, if you back out the Bolder. That was a small piece of it in the quarter, less than $40 million of revenue in the quarter. So I think we continue to see strong growth in Healthcare. I actually think the comps for Healthcare will get more challenging in the back half of the year because we'll start to lap TMG in Q3 and we don't have another large deal. So if you recall, in 2016, we had the Emblem deal, which started in Q3 of 2016. Last year, we had the TMG contract, which started in Q3. There is not currently another very large platform deal slated to begin this year. So the comps will get a little bit tougher because of that. But outside of that, we continue to see nice strong healthy growth in Healthcare.
Francisco D'Souza: Hey, Tien-Tsin. It's Frank. Look, I think revenue was right within the range we guided to for the quarter. So I don't see any – I don't ascribe sort of anything particularly significant to this quarter's revenue number. And I think we've said in general that as we execute this pivot and accelerate the shift to digital that our focus is on sort of balanced revenue growth. We certainly expect to grow in line with the overall industry. As Raj said a minute ago, Raj made the comment in the context of Financial Services, but I think it's true across the business. We're being prudent about making choices of the kind of work we go offer. We're focused now on accelerating the shift to digital, focusing on higher margin work, higher value work – because that's the important work for our clients that has longevity. But I certainly expect to grow in line with the industry and continue to be confident that we can deliver the margin targets that we've laid out for you.
Francisco D'Souza: I mean, Bryan, it's – the range is relatively small. Given our size and scale, I don't think there's anything specific, as I said, a minute ago, to point to timing of deals when they close, timing of revenue. I mean, there's just a number of things, given our size and scale the swing between the low and the middle or the high end of the range is just execution during the quarter.
Francisco D'Souza: Ed, I'll start and then ask Karen and Raj, if they want to add anything to it. I think BPO or Digital Operations is – it's one of the faster growing parts of the business, had very strong sequential and year-over-year growth in the second quarter. The business, I would say is doing quite well and our differentiation comes from – we've said this all along but from the earliest days that we were in that business, our differentiation comes from the fact that we're able to really infuse technology into the operations. And I would say as digital has become a more prevalent set of technologies, our ability to drive real automation into the BPO business, into Digital Operations through things like robotic process automation and IPA and using artificial intelligence and so on and so forth, is really differentiating us. So I think it's a combination of deep industry knowledge, which we've always had in our BPO business, so we're very vertically-focused, as you know, in that business, most of the BPO work we do is domain-centric, vertically-focused BPO. That's one part of it. The second part of it is that we've got a – we've had a – continue to have a strong platform strategy in that business. So in Healthcare, with the TriZetto and Bolder and TMG, all come with strong platform assets. And then the third part of it is our ability to really drive strong automation using artificial intelligence, IPA, RPA types of technologies to drive productivity in that business. I think you put those three things together and we have a pretty unique position in that market.
Francisco D'Souza: Yeah, I don't think – Joe, it's Frank, I don't think there are sort of quarter-to-quarter meaningful shifts in the digital mix. Of course, as I've said, if you take a longer term perspective, the definition of digital and what constitutes digital has changed dramatically, if you look over, let's say, a five-year period. Five, seven years ago we were talking about social and mobile and analytics and cloud as being the constituent components of digital. Today we're talking more about – in addition to those things, we include artificial intelligence and blockchain and so on and so forth added to manufacturing. All of these new things that are – so the definition of digital certainly is expanding as innovation happens and new things, new technologies emerge. So over longer period, yeah, certainly, the mix, if you will, changes. But quarter-to-quarter, I don't think there's a significant mix shift. And look, I think we're managing margin and investment the way we always have, which is we have a process for thinking about or analyzing the investments that we have, that we'd like to make, that we'd like to allocate capital to. We run the business and as we – we run the business and every quarter or so, every 60, 90 days, we look at our list of investments, say what investments do you want to? We stagger the investments. We say what investments we want to make this quarter or during this period. We release those dollars and that's how we balance margin and making the investments. That's just an ongoing process. We've tightened up that process. It's a muscle that we've had in the past. I think we've strengthened that muscle over the last 18, 24 months. I think that's good healthy capital allocation discipline that we have developed – have had in the past and continue to develop in the company. And I think that's how we look at things quarter-to-quarter or month-to-month, and figure out where to allocate our dollars against the investments that we think are going to have either the most growth return or the most strategic return over a longer period of time.
Francisco D'Souza: Yeah. Moshe, I would say – it's Frank. I would just add to that. I think the choices are less at the overall client level, although we may do that as well, but more what kind of work within a client we choose to focus our energy and resources on. I would say that if you think in the long run, there're two points I'd make. One is I don't think that the constraint to our business in the long run will be demand. There's lots of demand for technology out there. So it's the smart move to pick your battles carefully and focus on the work that you think is going to be most strategically significant to the client over the long run. And at some level our constraint is where do you deploy your talent and so we're thinking carefully about how we develop our talent, how do we train them for the next generation and the next generation of work after that. And then how do we deploy that talent against the work that's going to be most meaningful to them, give them the most rewarding careers, help them to be most successful over the long run. So I don't – even though we are making very thoughtful choices about the kind of work we go after, I don't think the conclusion of that should be that it slows revenue growth in the long run, because I think there's lots of revenue opportunity within the high growth and the strategic high value margin, things that – areas of the business that we want to go emphasize.
