Gordon J. Coburn: Sure, Darrin. The clients have made it very clear to us, they are happy to weigh in. The discussion is when should they weigh in. It's very important to remember this is going to be a long process. The Senate is going to make some amendments, their bill will come out and probably get passed next month. And then, the House is going to discuss it over a matter of many, many months, and obviously, the bill that comes out of the House, if any, will look dramatically different. So clients and the lobbyists for our clients, many of them think the right time to weigh in is much later in the process, not at this point. It's interesting. Senator Rubio, who's one of the Gang of Eight, this past weekend said publicly on one of the talk shows that the Senate bill as written, and I quote, "cannot pass the U.S. House of Representatives." That's the person who wrote the bill who said that. So there's going to be a lot of discussion, not just in amendments to the Senate bill that will go up for vote next month, but much more importantly, with what happens with that House bill, which will probably look fundamentally and dramatically different. So the answer is clearly, our clients are saying, "We will weigh in." But they are thinking very strategically about when is the appropriate time to weigh in.
Gordon J. Coburn: It's interesting. It's not so much what are we messaging to our clients, it's what are our clients messaging to us. They are reaffirming that we are essential to them running their businesses and being competitive in the environment. So our clients' messaging to us is, "Cognizant, we need you. And we're going to help make sure you're around so you can continue to serve us both so we can be competitive in the global marketplace and so we can continue to innovate." And obviously, we're messaging a similar thing to clients, and I think both clients and us understand, once again, that the bill as written will not look like the bill that is ultimately passed by Congress, if anything is passed by Congress, because the bill as written would do dramatic harm to the U.S. economy. When we think about contingencies, remember there are so many permutations of what this bill would look like. If you look at the bill right now, it contradicts itself in places, so we obviously have various contingencies that we can leverage. There's no one silver bullet by any stretch of the imagination. But the fundamental issue that Congress is going to have to deal with this, is there are not enough U.S. tech workers. Unemployment, according to the government statistics, for tech work is less than 4%. Based on what I've learned at business school, that is full employment. So it's not as simple as you can say, "Okay, Indian firms and U.S. firms that leverage global workforce can no longer do this work." The problem is there are not enough replacements, the U.S. economy will shut down. So I think when you think about contingencies, you have to think about contingencies that are realistic, and we're obviously -- we work through various scenarios. But there's so many permutations right now, to start talking about specific contingencies, I think, would be counterproductive.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. So obviously, we gave fairly healthy guidance just now for Q2. If we were seeing pushback from clients, we would not have taken such a bullish tone. We are not seeing any pushback. We are seeing decisions being made. The demand environment is quite healthy. People want our services. People need our services. I think the biggest change in the market is it's not just for cost efficiencies they need us, they're now looking to us very aggressively to help them to innovate and run their businesses differently. In terms of contingencies and would acquisitions play a role in it, would it not, that all depends on what a final bill would look like, if there is a final bill. So obviously, we think about a broad range of contingencies. But I wouldn't want to speculate on any specific contingency because, quite honestly, this -- the bill is going to morph, and right now, even in the bill as written, there's a lot of things that aren't clear.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. So let me start with what we bought back. Obviously, we were in the quiet period, but we had a 10b5-1 program in place the triggered as the stock declined, so that's why you saw repurchases this quarter even though we are in the blackout period. We spent a lot of time thinking about capital allocation. Long term, I think it's important that we articulate a fully comprehensive capital allocation strategy. We're not quite ready to do that yet because the market is changing so quickly and the opportunities for us and things like Horizon 3 are so tremendous right now. We don't want to box ourselves in until we fully understand that roadmap. We have been opportunistic on share repurchases. Obviously, by increasing the repurchase authorization today, we signaled we'll continue to be opportunistic on share repurchases. At this point, we weren't -- there was not active discussion about a dividend. When we think longer term about capital allocation, obviously, any Board of Directors would include all types of components of that. But that's not something that's a near-term item.
Gordon J. Coburn: Yes. So the answer is if you look at the currently proposed Senate bill, some of those are excluded from the H-1B calculation. There's some amendments floating around that clarify some of that. But once again, I want to remind you that there's lots of permutations, there's lots of language that still has to be cleaned up in the Senate bill. But I think we should also have realistic expectations. The Senate bill that eventually gets passed next month will have clauses that are significantly detrimental to our industry. So when people see that, I don't think they should be surprised. That's certainly our expectation. That's very, very different than what would ultimately become law because the House hasn't even begun to debate this. And there's lots of different constituencies in the house that fundamentally don't agree with what's in the Senate bill. So it's -- the real action will happen after the Senate bill is passed, which will have some stuff we expect that would be negative for our industry. And then that as the House deals with this in the fall, you'll start to see something that we believe, or hope, will be palatable to our industry. And not just to our industry but much more important, palatable to our clients because it's going to be the clients that are going to weigh in and say, "If you had everything that's in the Senate bill today, you would be doing irreparable harm to the banking industry, to the insurance industry, to the health care industry and many others." And I don't think senators and congressmen want to hurt the core American industry.
Gordon J. Coburn: Yes, and let me just add to our thinking and philosophy on guidance this year. We realized, given all the macro events both in the economy and the political world that's going on, people are -- would like to understand that our numbers have certainty to it. So we decided to take a conservative stance on our guidance, leave ourselves some room to absorb some macro hiccups, if they were to occur. But as Frank mentioned, I think it's important to understand, if things continue to play out the way they currently are -- we had a nice momentum coming out of Q1 into Q2, and that's one of the key things that we look for each year. And that played out the way we like to see this year. So if that continues to play out and we don't have macro hiccups, certainly, we think there is room for outperformance this year. But we want to be careful not to get ahead of ourselves.
Gordon J. Coburn: You're right, it is more of an art than a science. Historically, where we've used 10b5-1 programs, it's been triggered by various -- not necessarily one, but various stock price thresholds. And if you look, last year, as we've executed on our share repurchase, we were more aggressive when the stock price was weaker rather than when it was stronger. So it is a little bit of an art versus a science, so there is no specific formula. The nice thing is, at the current levels, it certainly is accretive to our earnings in future years.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure. So Rod, our clients are extraordinarily sophisticated, and we work for the largest companies in every industry you can name. So they -- so I'm not concerned about us having the conversation with them that the bill as written would be detrimental to us and to them. They're sophisticated enough, they already know that, so there's nothing to hide here. Clients are different -- depending on the client, there are different levels of understanding what the bill is today. But as clients are understanding the bill, the clear conversations we're having with them, or they're having with us proactively, is that they understand that this bill would be detrimental to their business. And therefore, they're interested in -- so the discussion is around what is the appropriate strategy to communicate that to the Senate and House. Not "Hey, don't do this because it's -- because we like Cognizant." But "Don't this because it will hurt our bank or it'll hurt our insurance company." That's the message they're going to deliver, and that's the message they believe in. The key question is the timing. It's not clear that the appropriate timing for them to deliver that message is now because the Senate bill is going to pass, the Senate bill is going to have some ugly stuff on it and that's fine. The key is as the House picks it up and then it goes into conference late this year, early next year, I think that's when you'll see clients weigh in, in a significant way. But will clients understand it? Absolutely. Our clients have very sophisticated lobbying organizations. But they're going to lobby not based on, "Please be nice to Cognizant." They're going to lobby on they need these people to remain competitive in the global environment. And if this bill passed as is, it would hurt every bank in the country, it would hurt every insurance company in the country, it would hurt every drug company in the country, and I don't think anyone in the Senate or House wants that to happen.
Gordon J. Coburn: Yes, so if you think about it, Healthcare, let's break into payers versus pharma. Pharma is going to be tough this year. That's baked into our plans. This is a year that's very challenging for pharma because of patent cliffs. The good news with pharma, when they look out to 2014 and 2015, things look okay. When we're talking to CIOs of pharmaceutical companies, in the last couple of months I've sat down with a fair number of them, they said, "We got to get through '13, but then spending can increase again." So I think we appropriately reflected it in our plans, but pharma will be tough this year. Payers is a little bit more of the wildcard because of everything that is happening with health care exchanges and the Affordable Care Act. So payers is one those ones that could be one thing that could generate some upside opportunity for us. I think we've appropriately risk-adjusted it. But overall Healthcare is not going to be a big driver of growth this year, and we didn't expect it to, but it's playing out as expected or a little bit better than expected at this point.
Gordon J. Coburn: Sure, Julio, it's Gordon. I think the way you should think about it and part of it is because of where they are in their life cycle and part of it is due to large numbers versus small numbers. Horizon 3 should grow faster than Horizon 2 and Horizon 2 should grow faster than Horizon 1, and that's the whole philosophy of these Horizons.
Francisco D'Souza: The consulting and technology group, as we talked about it, includes both our pure play management consulting business and also our application development business. And you can think of that as somewhat of a proxy for discretionary spending, or it's a lot of discretionary spending in there. And that's playing out and played out in the first quarter just as we expected seasonally. Typically, in the first quarter, there's a little bit of softness in that business as budgets tend to get finalized in Q1. And we see the incremental discretionary spending kicking in towards the end of Q1 and then really into Q2. We've seen that same trend in past years. In the last couple of years, that trend hasn't quite held because of the sort of volatility in the marketplace. But generally speaking, in normal years, you see that in Q1. So I don't think there's anything to read into that. I think it's just normal seasonality of Q1 where discretionary spending tends to be a little softer than the rest of the year as budgets get finalized.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes, let me take that. We're -- I was very pleased with our performance in financial services in the quarter. We grew 5% sequentially. And if you look at what's happening there, banking continues to do well. That growth is coming from both our largest clients who are expanding their work with us. But as you said, in prior quarters, we're also starting to see a pickup with mid-tier banks, particularly in the U.S., that are beginning now to more aggressively adopt the global delivery model. We're seeing demand both, as Gordon said, on what we think of as run better and on the run different side, so there's a continued focus on cost consolidation and push for productivity benefits. We see regulatory work starting to pick up. But some of that spend is coming at the expense of dollars that might otherwise go to discretionary development spending. And we're also starting to see growing importance of financial services as a result of mobility and analytics, as our financial services clients start to look at the digital bank kind of topic. When we look at guidance for the full year, we're pleased with how the year is playing out. We think that as we look to Q2 and the rest of the year, demand patterns are playing out as we expected and that gives us confidence that we're certainly on track to meet the full year guidance that we provided you. I think that it's fair to say that, assuming that the current demand trend continues to play out, we think there's some scope for outperformance in the full year. And obviously, we'll update you on that as we progress through the year.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes, on the SMAC work, most of the work -- or let me say a lot of the work that we're doing in SMAC isn't discrete standalone work. It tends to be work that interfaces or plugs into our clients' bigger IT environment or into their legacy environment. And so by and large, the majority of the SMAC work that we're doing would be in industries that we know, and with our existing client base because we are building on top of an existing infrastructure that we're managing or that we are very familiar with, so largely follow the industry lines that we're operating in today.
Francisco D'Souza: Thank you very much, and thanks, all of you, for joining us today. In summary, we're pleased with our performance in Q1, and we are confident that the -- with our outlook for 2013. In a challenging economic environment, we're encouraged that our value proposition of helping clients run better and run different is gaining traction and supporting a healthy demand for our services. So thank you for joining us, and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
