Francisco D'Souza: Julio as you said, there's a lot of philosophical debates on this issue going on right now. If I would summarize it, what I would say is that as we've gone out there and we've looked at this and started to actually do work for our clients across the range of technologies, I think that our view is that the nature of demand is different. It's a different wave like when we saw other technology shifts in the past, we have to make sure that we retool ourselves, and we're doing that actively for the new generation of technologies that are out there. But we think that the same drivers that drove demand for customization and systems integration in the past will continue to be the case with this new breed of technologies. In the end, the new technologies need to be put to work for clients, and that requires customization. It requires implementation. It requires systems integration. And those things will be done differently, but will still need to be done, and we think that will drive demand for our services.
Francisco D'Souza: Sure, let me give you some demand color. As we go into the fourth quarter here, obviously, we're out with our clients talking to them about their plans for 2011. At this point, it's very early in our clients budget cycles. But the early indications that we have are that 2011 IT budgets, will have somewhat of an upward bias as you go into 2011. So that's an overall positive sign. As you mentioned, we continue to see the trend that clients, as I mentioned during my comments, clients are outsourcing more the range of services, the clients are now comfortable moving into a global delivery in an offshore model and an outsource model, has increased considerably. And we feel like we've made a lot of the investments over the last two, three years to position us well to capture that. So we expect to benefit from that trend.
Francisco D'Souza: Clearly, the demand for talent has increased significantly over the last three quarters, and you've seen that in the attrition rate in the industry. However, with the exception of, what I would point to as what niche skills or particular pockets of technology expertise that you always have flash points around, we don't see overall macro concerns as the supply of talent from the universities is still extraordinary good in India. And if anything, we are better positioned than we've ever been in the past in terms of our positioning on the campuses in India because of our strong track record of hiring throughout the crisis. That plays very well for us on the campuses, and I think we are very much regarded even more so if that's possible as an employer of choice with the campuses in India. So we feel very optimistic about that source of talent.
Francisco D'Souza: As I said during my comments, our hypothesis has been, for some time now, that some of the discretionary spending was driven by the structural changes that we see industry is going through. And we feel very confident now of having watched this trend for three or four quarters, that, that is in fact, the case. The clients are really dealing with these three big forces. There's a whole new generation of technologies that are out there, that are creating new opportunities for them that are changing the price performance curve of technology. There's a new generation of workers and consumers. The millennial generation, they are really demanding a different technology experience than a year or two or three ago. And finally, there's this new generation of highly distributed and globalized business models that clients are beginning to adopt and feel very comfortable with. All of this is driving new development, application development systems integration, what you might think of as the more discretionary side of our business. And we think those are long-term trends across the industries that we serve. Specifically in Financial Services, I think that as growth returns to that industry and more stability returns, what we're seeing is a demand that's driven by some of these Future of Work concepts. So when you think about new generation of consumers that are demanding more integrated online banking experiences, a better or more robust mobile banking experiences, and so on and so forth, you're starting to see that kind of demand. And then of course, there's a lot of technology deployment that's being driven in Financial Services as a result of the regulatory initiatives, FinReg and son on and so forth that's requiring Financial Services institutions to put in new technology around risk management and so on and so forth to be able to address the regulatory compliance issues here in the U.S. and also internationally.
Francisco D'Souza: Joe, it's Frank. Look, I think that it's still early in the budget cycle. Let me say a couple of things about budget. First of all, this year, we're seeing the timing of budgets have gone back to being what I would call, a more normal cycle. So we expect that our clients will finalize budgets as they have in more normal times at the latest during the middle of the first quarter of next year. So with that schedule in mind, it's important to know that we're still relatively early in most clients' budget cycles. But based on what we've seen so far in the early conversations we're having, as Gordon pointed out earlier, we do think that budgets for next year will have their -- their indications are that budgets are poised for a slight increase next year. Hard to say exactly how much that increase is at this point, but we do think budgets will be up. IT budgets will be up next year over 2010 levels. Within that though, I think that the trend of offshore, in general, or outsourcing more broadly, will have a greater share of that. I think it's definitely the case. We're seeing clients pushing the envelope on the traditional services in terms of looking at areas of even application outsourcing or application development that they may not have traditionally outsourced. But then there's this whole new set of services, IT Infrastructure Services, Business Process Outsourcing, Engineering and Manufacturing Services, Enterprise Analytics, that historically three or four years ago or two or three years ago even, clients would not have considered outsourcing or offshoring. Those are now viable candidates. And so, I think that you'll see the trend to offshore in capturing a greater share of the IT wallet and the IT budget, continuing strongly.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes. I think -- look, clearly the environment's more stable. And I think a more stable environment allows us to plan better. I think IT budgets are looking like they have a positive buy so they said, which I would not have said at this time in 2009 coming into 2010.
Francisco D'Souza: Actually, let me do the first part of the question. I'll turn it to Gordon on the tax rate question. Look, the pent-up demand question, there isn't a scientific way around this. This is based on our conversations with clients and our own intuition about what's going on in the marketplace. The reality was that, we saw quite a consideration, as you know, very strong Q2 and Q3 spending from our clients. And our sense right now is that there isn't a lot of -- budget flush tends to happen when clients have a little bit of extra money at the end of the year in their budgets and they want to get it used in the fiscal, the calendar year. Given this strong spending we saw in Q2 and Q3, I don't think that there's a lot of extra money out there that clients are going to spend in Q4. So based on that and conversations with clients, we don't think that there's a lot of pent-up or rather budget flush that's waiting to happen at the end of the quarter.
Francisco D'Souza: Look, I think that we're already benefiting to some extent from the regulatory work. If you look at some of the near-term stuff that we've talked about in healthcare, for example, Gordon mentioned ICD-10, 5010 remediation and so on, those projects are underway generating revenue and have been a part of our healthcare growth story over the last few quarters. So some of that's already underway. As it relates to the broader issues of financial regulatory reform, Basel III internationally and big healthcare reform in the United States, I think those will drive 2011 opportunity for us. Sizing it is still too early for me to give you a good sense of that for 2011 and longer term because I think that how these unfold and how much of it we can capture still remains to be seen. But clearly, we'll generate 2011 opportunities for us.
Francisco D'Souza: I don't think you're going to see big surges in spending for one-time or for a short period of time than tapering off. I think that these are longer-term initiatives lines. Clients are taking steps in terms of implementation. There are some deadlines out there or will be some deadlines out there, which may drive spending patterns. But in general, our view right now is that these are going to be more incremental spending over '11 and '12. In terms of how they've been funded, I think there's going to be a mix. I think that some of it clearly will clearly cannibalize dollars that clients would otherwise have spend on other things. So the business is usual dollars or the maintenance dollars might move more towards regulatory-related enhancements and fixes. But I think that there's some amount of work that needs to be done, particularly the work that's needed to drive new capabilities that will require incremental funding. We think that, that's actually a great opportunity for us because what we see is that in current situations, what clients are doing is outsourcing more of their business as usual initiatives to use the savings that they generate from offshoring and outsourcing to fund the investment that they need in new capabilities and in regulatory enhancements. So we think that overall, that's going to be a positive for us because it'll drive more work offshore to be able to fund the investment that clients need to make in these new capabilities.
Francisco D'Souza: Look, I think, Ed, there are certainly some of that. We have -- utilization rent very, very high in the third quarter. It was up from the second quarter. And so, we've started to hire even more aggressively. And our goal is, utilization will bounce around over the coming quarters, but our goal is to bring it down a little bit at this point. So clearly tightness in the labor market, more importantly, our ability to hire an onboard. We measure that carefully so that we make sure that we're not compromising on quality of what we deliver to clients. And that's always a trade-off that we're going to make.
Francisco D'Souza: You're right, I don't have a crystal ball. But I guess by tomorrow, we will need a crystal ball so we'll know what's happening at least in terms of the mid-term elections. But look, we're on the eve of President Obama's trip to India. And I think that there's been some statements, some briefings out of the White House, which have in preparation for his trip, which I think have put the issue in perspective. I think that the India-U.S. relationship is a very strong bilateral relationship, which outsourcing is one piece. But as you may know, exports of U.S. production to India have grown dramatically over the last few years, I think now accounting for something like $27 billion to $30 billion a year. I think that Indian companies in the United States account for employment of about 60,000 people in the United States. And so, I think that there's a broad recognition that the India-U.S. relationship needs to be a strong bilateral one based on trade going in both directions. I think that's going to be a big part of the discussion that happens when President Obama visits India in a few days here. And I think that that's context in which we believe the outsourcing discussion needs to be had, which is flow of goods and services in both directions.
Francisco D'Souza: Let me talk about M&A. Our view with M&A is that, for a while, we've said that our approach -- let me start with our approach. Our approach to M&A is to look at small tuck-under acquisitions that add capability in specific areas. For us, when we think about the size of Cognizant today, and we think about what our tuck-under acquisition means, our sweet spot really is probably in the $20 million to $80 million range, may be going up as big as $200 million in revenue, but really $20 million to $80 million is sort of our sweet spot of revenue for an acquisition. We like to that size of acquisition because we feel it's easier to get our arms around cultural integration is easier with those kinds of acquisitions. When it starts to get larger than that, then the risks of both acquisition become more significant. And frankly at this point, we're looking to add capabilities. We're not looking to acquire for growth. When we think about the kind of capabilities that we're looking to add, certainly the emerging service offerings is a key area. So IT Infrastructure Services, Vertical Business Process Outsourcing and then some of the new ones, like EMS and Analytics and EMS of Engineering and Manufacturing Services or Analytics, would be areas that we look at. We also would be looking at acquisitions from a geographical expansion standpoint. So we did the acquisition of Galileo some time a couple of quarters ago. In France, we'll do those kinds of acquisitions that give us specific geographic capabilities and footprints, and then potentially look at acquisitions that deepen or broaden our industry footprint. So that's really our screen and how we're looking at. In terms of the emerging services, your first question and the percent of revenue, we haven't actually broken those out in the past. But clearly, if you look at those us a portfolio of services, those are growing ahead of, in general, ahead of company average and we expect that those will continue to do so over the coming quarters. Although, some of that is because they're off a smaller base at this point.
Francisco D'Souza: It's Frank. I don't think that the pent-up demand was fulfilled by, Joe, by services or for any reason, had a higher on-site component. I think it was right in line with our traditional delivery model. So I don't think that the pent-up demand somehow drove on-site ratios up. And I don't see anything that will change the mix anything that will change the mix, the ratio on-site, offshore significantly next year except mix shift. As you know some of our service offerings have much higher offer components like BPO and IT Infrastructure Services. And so to the extent those become a larger portion of revenue next year, that might shift the overall company mix more offshore. But beyond that, I don't see anything else moving the mix dramatically.
Gordon Coburn: Sure. We were originally expecting the work related to M&A work to ramp down during the third quarter. It didn't actually grew a bit in the quarter as the projects got extended. We don't expect any further growth in the fourth quarter. We would expect that work to be essentially flat to maybe trailing off in the latter part of the quarter. And then obviously most of it would be wrapped out by the time we go into Q1. I don't expect it to have any material impact on our overall 2011 growth, but as more comments related to, it was a positive surprise in Q3. And we would not expect that to continue in Q4.
Gordon Coburn: Just to follow up, that's a very important point. We have our best track record or highest level of day one slots that we've had in our history this recruiting cycle. And we think that's a direct result of the industry-leading growth that we have. And therefore, our ability to promote a higher percentage of our employees so either college students see that they could grow their careers faster with us. And therefore, we're getting very preferential treatment in recruiting.
Gordon Coburn: Yes. We're fairly good about the conversations that we're having with our clients. As you know, we've been out talking to clients for a couple of quarters. We continue to talk to them. And clients understand that costs are going up that we help them out during the economic downturn, but price increases is needed for either late this year or 2011. These are not going to be huge price increases, but it's clearly moving in the right direction. What ultimate impact it will have on 2011 is a little too early to know, but certainly I would expect, on an apples-to-apples basis, our pricing to be up. And then it's a question what happens with the mix shift.
Gordon Coburn: Obviously, revenue has been very strong for the last couple of quarters, and we've exceeded our expectations. And certainly, if revenue comes in strong late in the quarter, we can't spend all the money. We continue to focus on 19% to 20% range. Obviously for a while, we've been running at the high end of that range, but we don't have any plans to narrow it.
Gordon Coburn: Sure. We did our wage increases in the first half of the year. And other than -- obviously, we do -- people get promoted in the fourth quarter, get a salary increase. But besides that, there is no additional wage increases. So we had a one-time cycle this year, which I believe, pretty much everyone else in the industry has done. And I think people have largely been, fairly disciplined on wage inflation. Certainly it was up from 2009. We would expect to do our next wage increase during the second quarter of 2011. So we expect to continue on an annual cycle. A little to early to know how big it'll be next year and a lot of that will depend on what the competition does. Today's competition has been very disciplined in wages because I think everyone understands that it's not possible to gain competitive advantage on wages.
Gordon Coburn: I would expect it to come down this quarter from Q3 levels. The trend has been positive in October versus what we saw in the earlier part of the second quarter. So our expectations starts to come down. It won't come back down to normal though in the fourth quarter. I think that will -- to get back to a more normal level, the college kids, not just for us but for the industry, have to or must be on boarded and trained. They're all being on boarded now, which means they become available for billing first, second quarter of next year.
Gordon Coburn: This year, Ashwin, you're hitting on a very cheap point. Our addressable market within most of our customers has expanded dramatically over the last couple of years as we've expanded our range of services, whether it be into BPO or infrastructure management or consulting or testing or ERP. So the addressable market at each clients is bigger. And therefore, what has happened even as we've grown our relationships, the penetration rate at those specific accounts has not grown at the same pace because the market at that account is getting bigger. So we actually feel very good about the opportunity that still exists at the vast majority of our clients simply to the fact that there are more things, more wider range of services that we can offer to them.
Gordon Coburn: Ashwin, on the tax rate, you're correct that the stronger growth this year, which obviously, is the base for growth for next year, helps our tax rate in 2011. However, in the last couple of months, the new government has made it clear that the reduction in the actual tax rate in India won't happen to 2012. So those two things kind of offset each other. And at this point, we're still expecting a tax rate due to the expiration of holidays in 2011 of somewhere between 23% and 25%. At this point, I think most people have modeled in the high end of that range. And I think that's probably appropriate.
Gordon Coburn: In terms of getting price increases, we're getting price increases on apples-to-apples basis. How that flows through the numbers obviously gets impacted by a mix. So the 1% up on-site, flat offshore, that includes mix, but there wasn't a whole lot of mix impact this quarter. So that's why it's tough for me to say what will happen with pricing next year including mix, but excluding mix, clearly we're getting price increases.
Gordon Coburn: Obviously, the U.S. economy has stabilized before Europe. So we saw the pickup in the U.S. kick in first. U.K. seems to be doing okay now. Still keeping an eye on the continent, so a little bit too early to declare a victory there. So if I think about Q4, I would kind of rank by enthusiasm in that order.
Gordon Coburn: It's going to bounce around a bit from quarter-to-quarter. Would I like it, on average, to come down slightly? Yes, slightly. I don't think it needs to come down dramatically. But what's going on about the clarity [ph], we're somewhere in the range now so it'll bounce around. But if I was betting, I bet, I'd try to get down a little bit.
Gordon Coburn: Joe, the point you're hitting on was a big issue in the first half of the year, where we would, very heavy percentage of lateral hires just because the demand came back so quickly. We're starting to catch up now. So this is the first quarter in a while that college hiring actually exceeded lateral hirings. And I think this is an industry-wide issue. And as we get a couple of quarters under our belt, a lot of college kids coming in, that should help the attrition issues. So the trend clearly went in the right way, which is shifting back towards college hiring. They just took us a couple of quarters to get there because revenue growth was so strong.
Gordon Coburn: So let me take, hit two things on that question. First of all on Q4. The pent-up demand being finished that was important because there was a big driver in Q2 and Q3 sequentially, and we don't view that as a driver in Q4. So I know we wanted to keep people's expectations for Q4 sequential growth in check. A little to early to know for 2011. Until we clients finished their budget cycle, we understand what impact will the regulatory changes have. Obviously we won't benefit in 2011 the way we did in the first half or first three quarters of 2010 of the same level of search and development spending from pent-up demand, but obviously, there's some other important growth drivers out there. But we just have to get a little further in the budget cycle to have a view on 2011. But Q4 2010 obviously, that pent-up demand is finished.
Gordon Coburn: For Q4, I would think about M&A more as you're not just seeing growth. In Q3, we still have substantial growth in M&A work, where we're not expecting that. It's clear we won't have that growth in Q4. But the important point in Q4 is we certainly don't expect the same level of new project kick-offs on development work that we experienced for the last couple of quarters. All that being said, demand's still healthy, but there's some surges that we would not expect to reoccur in Q4.
Gordon Coburn: I think it's a little bit of each. There's no budget flush this year. And you're absolutely right, we tend not to have a lot of kickoffs in Q4 or the first month of Q1 until people locked down their budget. I think we're a couple of minutes over here, so I just want to thank everyone for allowing us to share our Q3 results. We're confident that we're positioned to address the many changes in the marketplace that will drive our future growth. And we'll look forward to continuing discussion of our performance with you next quarter. So once again, thank you, all very much for joining us this morning.
