Gordon James Coburn: Tien-tsin, it's Gordon. It's a bit both. Certainly the macroeconomic environment has gotten tougher to predict, both – certainly the UK vote and not necessarily the direct impact but the indirect impact of a more sustained lower interest rate environment, was certainly a surprise to us and it would have been tough to predict, and it was a surprise to our banking and insurance clients, and you're seeing the impact on that. So that sort of thing is tough to predict. Obviously some of the uncertainty around the U.S. elections creates some uncertainty. In terms of structural things for us, the business, when you think about digital and so forth tends to be more – a little bit more project-oriented. But those are swings we go back and forth on. So, I wouldn't argue that there's any long-term structural change in the ability to predict the business. Short-term, there is a bit.
Gordon James Coburn: Ashwin, it's Gordon. Happy to answer both those questions. In terms of regulatory approvals, Emblem's really best positioned to discuss regulatory requirements for their business; but from our perspective, for the work we're doing for them, we've obtained all the necessary approvals to move ahead with our work. When we look more broadly at healthcare and end-to-end solutions, we're seeing a lot of interest in the market. And the reason why is, health plans are under tremendous pressure right now to keep rate reductions as low as possible. And we can really help them with that, with regulatory compliance, with not having to make investments on their own. So, we're seeing increasing interest as we roll out our healthcare platform-based solutions. We talked about the two big deals this year, one of them obviously we just discussed. The other one continues to move along. I think in terms of when it will close, that's probably towards the very end of the year. But since we talked last three months ago and I look at the pipeline of activities, that continues to increase very nicely, obviously that will be revenue for next year. But as we just recently sat down and did a review of our healthcare strategy and we concluded – we really have identified a market with the need in it, based on the changing dynamics in the industry and based on the unique capabilities that Cognizant has with a combination of the leading healthcare administration platform and just incredible domain expertise and technical expertise, so we feel really good about healthcare over the medium-term to long-term. Obviously, there are specific payers in the M&A process that are a headwind in the short-term.
Gordon James Coburn: And Darrin, it's Gordon. Let me just add one more thought on that around platforms. As we ramp up our platform business, both within healthcare and into other industries, remember most of that, we're going to be bringing to market as a service, and this is core transactional work. So that over time will become a nice recurring revenue stream as it builds up. So, that's clearly part of our strategy as well.
Gordon James Coburn: Let me have Karen comment on how much cash in the U.S. And then, let's spend a few minutes talking about M&A pipeline and strategy.
Gordon James Coburn: And from an acquisition perspective, our strategy remains consistent. We look at acquisitions for industry expertise, we look at acquisitions for geographic footprints and we look at acquisitions for service line and technology capability. We have a healthy pipeline of opportunities in the digital space. These will tend to be smaller tuck-under acquisitions. We also have a nice pipeline of opportunities in the consulting space across industries as well as strength in our geographic footprint, particularly in Europe. So, what I think you'll see is, you'll see a pickup in the pace of acquisitions; but I want to be clear, these continue to be small tuck-in acquisitions. We're getting really good at integrating these and capturing the value from acquisitions. We really have that down to a science now. So, we've expanded the team in these areas, but the core Cognizant growth will continue to be organic. But when we look at where acquisitions can supplement our capabilities to make us stronger in the market, we'll clearly do that. And the final thing just to comment on is platform acquisitions. There – we'll look at those absolutely. We did the TriZetto acquisition almost two years ago. And platforms – certainly you have to make sure if you're going to do a platform acquisition you get enough that you have a base to build off of. So, those probably won't be as consistent or steady, but we'll certainly look at opportunities because we know in particular areas we want to be a leader in platforms. Now some of that will be, we build it ourselves; some of it is, we'll partner with customers and take their systems and commercialize them and some like TriZetto will be, we'll go out and buy a leader in the market. So, you'll see all that happen, but certainly in the tuck-unders, you'll see a pickup in the pace.
Gordon James Coburn: Keith, thanks for the question. It's just too early to know 2017. What are the things that'll influence revenue next year? Certainly, what happens with healthcare M&A, that's one piece. What happens with the interest rate environment for our financial services clients will be very important, because financial services clients know they have to spend a lot on innovation, but are under tremendous cost pressure right now; and that's both in insurance and banking. The pace of which we actually close these new end-to-end services deals will be important, and all those can be big drivers or big variables in revenue growth for next year. It's just too early to know. I think the election will have some impact, general macroeconomic trends and then some regulatory stuff. But as we've all mentioned, when we look at the medium-term and long-term prospects for the business, we remain very bullish. The strategy of looking to front, middle and back office and really building up our capabilities to serve clients across all three of those dimensions, I think is going to position us very well. But what will both overall macro spending look like and a couple specific customers' things look like for us for next year, just too early to know. Obviously, as we get more color, we'll share it with the investment community.
Gordon James Coburn: Sure. As we said, the FX impact of the revision guidance was $40 million of the change. When you look at the other pieces, it overlaps a bit, right. Certainly, the single biggest impact was our financial services segment. Whether it's the Brexit vote or the general macroeconomic environment, it's tough to parse that and the low interest rate environment, but certainly our forecast changed the most in that sector. And after that, the next one would be healthcare with some of the regulatory approval issues that are going on right now for M&A. And then the little things are out there. The other thing we wanted to make sure is that when we adjust the guidance, we learned a little bit last quarter, you don't want to keep adjusting, so we want to make sure we adjusted it enough that we're well positioned for any additional surprises that may happen because of uncertainty around the elections, Brexit and so forth, so we want to be conservative when we cut, so we cut just once, or at least just this one additional time.
Karen McLoughlin: So, Tien-tsin, this is Karen. So, I mean I think as we've talked about, we do want to ramp up the volume of M&A, not necessarily large-scale deals, but certainly more transactions. And you've seen that with Idea Couture and our investment in ReD and so forth this year. So certainly, we will look to deploy that cash effectively, looking to use it to invest in growth for the business.
Karen McLoughlin: So, Bryan, I think what we've been saying is, if you look historically, right, we've been averaging roughly $1.5 billion over the last several years. And that's true, if you look at all large services organizations, right. There aren't many organizations that have grown organically, consistently, more than $1.5 billion a year. Now that's not to say that there won't be years where you can and that's not to say that organizations can't do that. We've sort of been referring to what we've done historically. And particularly as people try to think about long-term growth rates and percentage growth, which obviously comes down over time due to the law of large numbers. I think, certainly we will look to continue to drive growth both organically and inorganically. As we've said, we clearly look to increase the volume of M&A transactions that we're doing. We continue to believe there's significant opportunity in the market for us to grow and continue to take market share. And certainly, at this point, we believe that the 19% to 20% non-GAAP operating margin that we've historically provided will continue to be an appropriate range for us. It gives us the flexibility to continue to grow the business, while maintaining a strong financial performance.
Karen McLoughlin: Yeah. So, Brian, the repatriation resulted in $1 billion net of tax coming back to the U.S. And as you remember, we at the end of Q1 had $300 million, $400 million in the U.S. that was available for operating needs.
Karen McLoughlin: So, Amit, this is Karen. The repatriation was a one-time opportunity. There was an opportunity that closed as of June 1, so we had a time limit as to when we were able to do that and we wanted to obviously take advantage of that opportunity to repatriate cash in a relatively tax-effective way. From India, as you know, it's typically very expensive to do that and we don't get many opportunities, so we certainly want to take advantage of that. And I think as we've mentioned, the guidance assumes that we maintain essentially share neutrality which has been our stated position recently. Obviously, if there are opportunistic opportunities to buy back shares, we will take advantage of that. But clearly, we look to use that cash net additional flexibility to drive investment in the business, both organic and inorganic.
Francisco D'Souza: And on share repurchases, as we said historically, our target is to maintain share neutrality. But we are also opportunistic depending on valuation of the stock.
Francisco D'Souza: Hey, Bryan, it's Frank. I'll just add to that and say that, I don't think there's anything inherent or magical about a $1.5 billion number, particularly given the structure and dynamics of our industry. If you think about our industry, it's highly fragmented. Nobody has a dominant market share. The ability to take share from each other, and not to mention the fact that technology overall in the economy is playing a much larger role, I think the growth opportunities are significant. So, I think you should look at the $1.5 billion as in the historical context, but I wouldn't necessarily use that as a rate limiter for our growth going forward.
Francisco D'Souza: I think it's important when you look at the taking share comment, to look at a couple things. First of all, over a long period of time, I think we have been taking share and if you look at the long-term trajectory as we continue to invest in the business, we create disproportionately larger growth opportunities for ourselves, which allows us to take share. I think looking at percentage growth rates is only one part of the equation, because that doesn't adjust for size of organization. I think a very interesting number to look at in that context is incremental dollars added. If you look for example, this quarter, we added close to $170 million of incremental revenue in the quarter. And so if you, in a sense, think about that as being a proxy for market share gain, I think it tells the story that supports our thesis, that we can continue to grow and take market share ahead of competition by investing in the business.
Francisco D'Souza: And Ashwin, I would just say that, to your question about speculation versus certainty, you have to remember that our model is, our people are on the ground with our clients in financial services and in all the other sectors every day, we have people on the ground, at the client sites day-in and day-out. And so, the feedback we tend to get, tends to be relatively real-time and it tends to be relatively or rather it tends to be based on real conversations and real feedback we're getting from clients as opposed to hypothesis.
Francisco D'Souza: I think, Darrin, what I would say is, it's a great question. I would say that we continue to – I would say, if you look at the medium-term, the playbook is to really build out the three broad areas that I spoke about. Digital is a macro theme that I think has a lot of wind under its wings, I think we'll continue to invest organically and inorganically. The platforms business that I spoke about, we think there's a tremendous potential to take the success we've seen in healthcare to all of our other industries – all of the other industry groups that we serve. I would say that, the TriZetto experience has been ahead of anything that we would have imagined it to be. We've ramped up TriZetto faster than we anticipated when we did the acquisition and I think that gives us a sense of confidence that the model works, that we can execute against the model. So, there's opportunities to take that to other industries. And then, of course, the third area is so-called neXgen IT, where – as Raj said, we continue to feel like there's opportunities for us as our clients face tough macro environments for us to continue to optimize and bring new ways and innovative ways for them to be more efficient in how they run IT. So, that's where I think our focus is in the medium-term. If you look out over the very long run, clearly our objective is to continue to build out in the non-healthcare and financial services parts of the economy. So, if you look at our manufacturing and logistics business, that's been doing well. We'll continue to invest there both inorganically and organically, and I would say, over the very long run this business needs to have a reasonable representation of our revenue coming from the sources of global GDP. And so, we have to continue to shift the business model, but obviously that's not something that happens overnight. That's a five-year to 10-year journey.
Francisco D'Souza: Hey, Lisa. It's Frank. Let me try to take a crack at that. Look, I think we've seen no evidence that IT budgets overall are coming down. If anything, I would characterize IT budgets as flat to moderately up over time. There may – in some clients, as we've said in our prepared comments, there might be sort of short-term pressure, discretionary spending gets put off because of something going on in the macro. But as a big picture, I don't see any evidence that says that budgets are down. I would characterize them as flat to up. I think if you look inside of that and unpack it a little bit, there is a shift going on. We are seeing the clients looking to be more efficient, drive better total cost of ownership on what I consider to be the run-the-business kind of activities, so that they can redeploy them into the change-the-business or digital or cloud kinds of activities. I think that that shift benefits IT services firms, frankly. When you look at the landscape on digital, the technology landscape in digital is very fragmented. There are no clear leaders in digital right now in the technology landscape from an underlying stack standpoint, and so that requires almost every digital deployment to be – requires it to have very heavy integration kinds of work. And so, when you look at the digital landscape, there's a tremendous amount of work that needs to be done both from an upfront strategy, design, human sciences standpoint to envision the future with the client; but then equally importantly on the downstream, build, integrate, test, deploy. All of that creates tremendous opportunities for services firms. So, I think that net-net, there's a shift going on. Budgets aren't shrinking meaningfully. There's a shift going on inside of budgets, and I think firms that have capabilities on both sides, the what we've been calling run-the-business and change-the-business or run-better, run-different sides of the business really stand to benefit from that migration.
Francisco D'Souza: Sure. So, utilization came down a little bit in the first quarter. That was intentional, we added, I forget, 10,000, 11,000 people in Q1 as well, even though revenue was down, because we wanted to position ourselves to make sure as client demand shifts a little bit, we have the capabilities as we finish up retraining our workforce. Certainly head count additions will slow in the back half of the year from the front half. We don't give specific head count guidance, but our goal would be to keep utilization in the ballpark that it currently is. And certainly that gives us enough bench capacity for potential ramp-ups and certainly for positioning ourselves for next year. You get a little bit of seasonality quarter-to-quarter, just because of the timing of bringing college kids in and so forth. But the way I think about it is, we're managing utilization to be fairly constant with where it currently is.
Francisco D'Souza: And it's also important to remember, the question has been focused on cash brought back to the U.S. Additional cash was also brought back to non-India locations, which is more advantageous for us, both in terms of efficiently doing non-U.S. acquisitions and if there's ever any sort of repatriation holiday in the future.
Francisco D'Souza: Hey, Joe. It's Frank. Maybe I'll try to take that. And I'll answer it – obviously, as Gordon said earlier to one of the earlier questions, it's premature for us to comment specifically on 2017; but what I will say is that, we continue to remain very optimistic about the fundamentals of the industry and of our business. From an industry standpoint, as I said many times, the key I think factor to look at is that the world is becoming more technology-intensive not less technology-intensive. Across the industries we serve and also industries where we are less present, more energy and attention is being focused on technology than ever before. Technology has become not just a way of driving efficiency and operational effectiveness for businesses, but it's become a core to most clients' ability to differentiate, to grow revenue and to survive in the marketplace. So, given that backdrop, we feel that there's a tremendous opportunity for IT services, in general, and for Cognizant, in particular. Given the tremendous investments that we've been making. We feel that the investments that we've made in digital on the frontend, process and platforms in the middle office, and our next-generation IT services in the backend, really position us well. And I'll just finish by saying that we feel that the portfolio of businesses that we have, whether you look at the industry portfolio or the exposure we have in different geographies of the world, represent some of the most progressive and advanced users of digital technologies. And so, we feel that the fundamentals remain strong as we look to the medium-term.
Francisco D'Souza: So on that note, I'd like to thank all of you for joining us today. Thank you very much for your questions. And as always, we all look forward to speaking with you again next quarter.
