Francisco D'Souza: Sure. I think let me focus my comments on the financial regulatory reform as opposed to healthcare. In financial regulatory reform, at this point, as you know, the regs have not been written yet. So we are not seeing clients yet implementing system changes because they're waiting for the regs to be written. Now we have started, in a few cases, engaging in some consulting projects but that's relatively small revenue at this point. Our current outlook doesn't include a significant factor for large scale technology change relating to financial regulatory reform, because we just don't have enough visibility to know what's going on out there at this point. In terms of budgets, we don't see our clients in Financial Services holding back or delaying budgets as a result of the uncertainty that fin reg is creating. Instead, we see clients making some assumptions about the magnitude of work that will need to happen in their budgets and then proceeding with the relatively, what I would consider, normal budget cycle in terms of the timing.
Francisco D'Souza: Julio, I'll comment on the non-linear revenue front and then maybe Gordon can add some color around our specific real estate plans. So we continue to make investments in building out IP-based, non-linear revenue streams. It's still early days but the example I gave in my script around Eli Lilly is a great example of that. It's a fully integrated service that we're deploying, in the process of deploying for Eli Lilly, where we will provide them the platform itself, a software platform and the infrastructure on which that platform runs. And on top of that, you can think of it as a BPO service to run and operate the platform. And we provide that to them in an integrated way and that, by the way, is a platform that we think is broadly applicable across pharma, not just limited to Eli Lilly. And we have systematically identified opportunities like that across each of our vertical businesses and now increasingly, within each of our horizontal businesses. And we're making the investments to build out and to support those kinds of non-linear revenue streams. Like I said in my comments, this is a journey, it will take us time to shift the revenue mix meaningfully to these kinds of revenue streams. Which is why at the same time, the traditional model, the headcount-based model is one that we see tremendous growth and upside and opportunity on, and that's why we will continue to do the things we need to do to remain vibrant in that side of the business, including adding capacity.
Francisco D'Souza: I wouldn't want to hazard a guess. it's a very gray area to figure out what falls into which category. But yes, as you said, no question there was pent-up demand that we disproportionately benefited from compared to the rest of the industry in 2010.
Francisco D'Souza: It's Frank, George. So let me give you a quick overview of what we're doing, and some of it is new, other parts of it is stuff that we've been doing for a long time and just expanding. So we continue to build out our delivery footprint in the United States, building delivery centers across the U.S. As Gordon said, we are expanding our Phoenix center which has been in operation for several years now. We're expanding it to accommodate 1,000 people and offer a full range of services. We're actively looking at another center, a new center on the East Coast somewhere, which we will launch sometime during the course of 2011. And that adds to a network of other centers that we have in the United States, really scattered across the country. And we use these centers for a couple of different things. We use them for near-shore capability where work needs to be done close to a client. So some of them are just proximity centers that are very close to big clients. In other cases, we use it for work that cannot, for some reason, be moved outside of the geographic boundaries of the United States for client confidentiality or other reasons. So those are the primary reasons that we build these centers, and we'll continue to do that. That's already in the run rate, it's not new per se. So I don't expect that to have any margin impact at all. The other part of what we're doing new in 2010, 2011, is actively going to U.S. campuses to do hiring. As you know, we've been big recruiters in the United States for years now and in all the countries in which we operate around the world. But we've not had a specific U.S. campus program similar to our India campus program and our China campus program. Now we're going to U.S. universities. We started doing that, as Gordon said, with 15 universities at the undergraduate level in the 2010-2011 cycle, and we expect to expand that again in the 2011-2012 cycle. Again, we don't expect this to have a significant margin impact as these folks will, once we put them through training, will play the on-site roles that we've traditionally staffed with consultants from other parts of the business. So again, it's not a fundamental shift to the model, just looking at different sources of talent for the company.
Francisco D'Souza: It's a very hard question to get an exact fix on. We think that there's, Jason, in the core application development and maintenance market, it's probably about 30% penetrated in core ADM. When you start to go to the other slivers, the other sectors, IT Infrastructure Services, BPO and so on and so forth, we think that's low-single digits, in sort of 5-ish percent range.
Francisco D'Souza: So that work continued through the fourth quarter. There really was one situation that was driving a bulk of that for us, and that continued through the fourth quarter. We expect that, that will slowly taper off through the first quarter and into the second quarter. But we also believe that with the client situation, between the discretionary spending and some other work that's there, we should be able to replace that M&A work that's going away. As to specifically the regulatory work, I don't have a good clear sense of when that's going to come online because candidly, a lot depends on when the regs get written and how those regs play out. So I'm not specifically counting on regulatory reform work to fill that gap. But I feel like with the discretionary spending and other visibility that we have, we can make that up.
Francisco D'Souza: I think our pipeline is strong going into the year. As Gordon said, discretionary spending looks good. We think that budgets are in a normal cycle. Our clients are towards the tail end of finalizing their budgets. Budgets have a modest upside bias and what's most important here is that we see that the recession served as a catalyst for a significant share shift to an offshore model. And so based on that, our pipeline is strong across service offerings and across our business, we feel good going into 2011.
Francisco D'Souza: Like I said to an earlier question, I think that the issue here is when we look at the core ADM market, we think it's about 30% penetrated. I think that, that over time will go up quite significantly. I'm not sure it ever gets to 100% because of perhaps regulatory reasons and so on, so some things can't move out of the United States, out of the geographic areas, U.S. and Europe and other places. But I think that will be up pretty high. IT, IS and BPO, low-single digits right now. I think that, that can move up 30% in the next five years. We see NASSCOM's projection for growth for the next year is 16% to 18% across IT and BPO. So we think that, that's a reasonable proxy for the opportunity that, that represents for the overall industry.
Francisco D'Souza: Good. I think we're just about at 10:00. So with that, we want to thank you all for joining us this morning. We're very excited about the strong execution we demonstrated in 2010 and the strong vision we have for 2011 and beyond. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you.
Gordon Coburn: And in the capacity, Julio, what we think about is we'll never completely break the linearity between revenue and headcount obviously. So what we want to do is make sure we have enough flexibility in our growth of infrastructure. So depending on how much we are successful in non-linear services we'll have the appropriate amount of infrastructure. So what we do is in our own facilities, that creates a core level of growth, and then we will always supplement our own facilities with leased facilities, and that will become the variable. So depending on what our capacity needs are, we'll either lease more or less facilities in addition to the own facilities that we're constructing.
Gordon Coburn: We always embed some conservatism in our guidance. We are not expecting a slowdown in the economy in the second half of the year. But due to its nature, discretionary spending has less visibility, so our guidance assumes that we certainly don't win every project that's out there. So the conservatism is more built into what is our win rate on development work as we go through the year. And obviously, if things hold up the way they were tracking last year, we probably would end up with some conservatism in there. But there's nothing that we're seeing, in talking to our clients, where they think they're going to slowdown overall discretionary spending in the back half of the year.
Gordon Coburn: If I think about by verticals now, it's evenly spread. Certainly for Continental Europe, we still have some caution there. But beyond that, it's evenly spread.
Gordon Coburn: I think discretionary spend is actually quite healthy. The biggest difference though is in 2010, we benefited significantly, particularly in the second and third quarter of pent-up demand from 2009. So there was an unusually high level and surge in project starts in sort of the middle of 2010, because people just didn't do discretionary work. And then we got more back towards a steady state rate. So now discretionary spend, I think, remains quite healthy but certainly, you don't have two years of spend all pent up and released all at once. So I think that is the single biggest difference.
Gordon Coburn: On an apples-to-apples basis, I think we'll continue to see improvements in pricing realization. Now obviously the wildcard is what mix shift do we shift more towards, BPO, et cetera, et cetera. But I don't know if will be every quarter pricing will be up. But certainly when we look at 2011 over 2010, we would certainly expect to be up several points.
Gordon Coburn: When you look at the pieces, probably the biggest piece of all of those things that you rattled off is the pent-up demand. That was significant. We had some pretty substantial growth in the second and third quarter in development spend as a result of that. The other items, if you -- as M&A were, clearly had some impact. Acquisitions, PIPC, I think had some impact. Galileo was very small. But the one that really stands out was pent-up demand. But it's very tough to quantify exactly how much that is, because even when we go and ask our CIO was that pent-up demand or current-year projects, it becomes kind of fuzzy. But certainly, it was there.
Gordon Coburn: Sure. We're modeling a tax rate in 2012 similar to 2011, right around 25%. In India, the tax rate itself comes down a little bit, and we have one more year of growing more of our business into Special Economic Zones offset by 2011. The higher tax rate from a cash basis is only 3/4 instead of full year. So the way we're modeling is 25% every quarter during 2011, and then also 25% for 2012.
Gordon Coburn: I think there's a recognition that our strategy is what the clients looking for right now, which is a combination of deep domain expertise and strong global delivery. However, I think it's a challenge for many of our competitors given their margin structure that costs money to make the investments in the front end. And there are two strategies out there: one is our strategy of maximized revenue growth with stable but lower-than-industry margins; or maximized margins. And in which case, obviously, you can't make the same level of investment. So I think there's an awareness of the difference of strategies and in many ways the desire to make the investments. But, well, at the same time, there's the desire to maintain those higher margins. I'm not sure you can do both. So the way we view it is, people are talking about it, but it would be very difficult for them to execute on it.
Gordon Coburn: Sure. So the way to think about it is clearly, we build more conservatism into the app dev side because it is discretionary and we have less visibility on it. So coming into the year, the expectations for development and maintenance growth are probably somewhat similar. And if there's additional opportunities in the year, it's probably more on the app dev side.
Gordon Coburn: Yes. We saw that. The tax authorities are, I guess, exploring with one of our competitors. We've not had any direct involvement other than just watch in case. Don't really have a view on it.
Gordon Coburn: Sure. So let's start with rupee appreciation. We're in very good shape with our hedging program for this year. We have $780 million of hedges in place at a rate of 48 to one. So not losing a whole lot of sleep over currency other than that there was a very dramatic movement. On wages, clearly, there'll be wage inflation this year. What it'll be will really depend on what our key competitors do, they'll go before us. I think people are going to be restrained and thoughtful in their wage increases and certainly, we will be assuming others in the industry are restrained and thoughtful. So we'll have to watch them play out. But in our margin structure, I'm comfortable that we can handle whatever wage inflation comes to play out. And we'll see what the competitors do in the next eight weeks or so.
Gordon Coburn: I think slowly it will. We would like to move more towards the fixed-price model, because obviously, it allows us to do some of the things on breaking linearity between revenue and headcount a bit. I don't think you'll see any dramatic movements though.
Gordon Coburn: We started going out to customers last April, having discussions about wages are going up, we're delivering value, wages are going up for your own employees, in-house employees. Sure, you'd have the normal pushback but when all's said and done, the general conversations with clients is, "Hey, we don't want a big price increase but we realize you're delivering the value, we realize costs are going up both within our in-house operations and for you, and we understand that it is a modest price increase, is fair and reasonable." And the majority of the clients, that's the how the conversations played out. I can't speak for the competition, but assuming you're delivering the value to the client, to get a low single-digit price increase should not be particularly hard.
Gordon Coburn: Those will bounce around a little bit. The engine got a little too hot, particularly in the third quarter of last year. Obviously, it came down a little bit in Q4. You have some seasonality but overall, somewhere in the same ballpark that we were in Q4 though clearly, it will bounce around quarter-to-quarter.
Gordon Coburn: I'm not sure if the penetration rates have changed a whole lot even though we're getting more revenue from them. The primary reason for this is the recession served as a catalyst for clients to look at how do they want to use offshore and global delivery both more deeply. So do more things similar to what they're already doing offshore as well as broadly. So new service offerings. Therefore, the addressable market or the slice of the pie that we're eligible for at our larger clients has expanded. You net those two things out, that against the growth and revenue we've had over the last two years. I'm not sure penetration rates have moved a whole lot.
Gordon Coburn: There's lot of semantics on that. I view it as largely different. I view fixed price as we agree to build a system and we charge you x dollars, no matter how much time it takes. Versus outcome-based pricing may be more based on, "Okay, we can build the system that results in productivity improvements for your operations, and we'll get paid and rewarded based on what productivity gains you actually capture." So the benefits of the system rather than just delivering the system for a fixed cost. True outcome-based pricing is a very small piece of our portfolio today. I think over time, it'll grow. But today, the vast majority of the fixed-price revenue is true fixed price, where there's a system that's spec-ed out and we quote a specific price to deliver it. But it will evolve overtime and you'll see more outcome-based pricing and certainly more transaction-based pricing.
