Jan Siegmund: Yes. So Bryan, I'll catch the easy one first. Yes, the reaffirmation of our intent to expand our margins by 20 to 40 basis points is up midpoint of our expectation or our point of landing at 14.7%, so that's a good assumption. For the bookings momentum, Ravi might be giving you a little bit of color around what we're seeing in the markets.
Jan Siegmund: Yes. So when we sign up the deals, obviously, they are in a competitive environment and we apply a disciplined approach to those deals in order to keep a balance of growth and continued margin expansion. And it played out this quarter, Ashwin, really, to the benefit of the margin because we had anticipated some investments a little bit stronger than we actually needed in this quarter on, for example, investments into larger deals with maybe initially lower margins and we didn't meet those investments. So I think this view that we have about very carefully layering our large deal portfolio and supporting it with disciplined approach on non-billable and administrative cost controls is playing out. And I think we're entering that year, next year with that confidence that, that balance is intact. And I think I mentioned it in our prior call, in the large deal, expected business profile that we do have deals that we expect to exhibit lower margin profile. But we also have deals that have very meaningfully -- actually, renewals of historic deals that have very meaningfully improved our gross margin profile in the renegotiation. So in the net profile, the impact has been actually more muted and that may not continue all into the future. But for now, it has been a very balanced outcome, I would say.
Jan Siegmund: Yes, I'll jump in for -- number one, I think we actually kind of gave a lot of -- half of the P&L we already disclosed because we're really committing to our 40 to 20 basis points of margin expansion. And so now the revenue range, going forward, will be subject to our guidance call in 3 months. But if you -- what we know today is, as Ravi said, that I think, gradually, the economic uncertainty has increased and discretionary spending has softened throughout the last 3 quarters. So we have seen that trend not stopping yet. And part of our lack of knowledge, if it's stopping in the fourth quarter, or if it's going to turn around early in the year or later in the year is really not known to us to be quite honest as well. And clients will be forming their budgets and their IT budget at the same time as we are developing our own budget. So this is kind of always a simultaneous process. What has improved for us is obviously the visibility of the longer-term deals that are now in our portfolio and that they will be contributing and scaling in '24, so that gives us a little bit of a planning safety. And then we have to just kind of really make assumptions on -- and you can do that for your own self. It's like, are you bullish on the discretionary spend and economic development on next year, or are you the same, or more bearish. And I think that will then determine the revenue outcome for next year to do so. I think that's really what we will go under. We haven't finished that process and -- but in February, beginning of February, we'll commit to that.
Jan Siegmund: Thank you, Tien-Tsin, for that. The -- I gave, in my remarks, this duration comment. And I think we had, in previous calls and historically, disclosed that our average duration was roughly around 2 years and now our duration in the bookings is about 3 years, so it's a meaningful increase. And obviously, then ACV, the annual revenue expectations for this is down. And that's actually -- on top, you have also that mix shift. The larger deals need some scaling. So they have -- the ACV is not completely symmetrical because in the first year, you're building up the infrastructure and you're starting transferring assets and do your thing, what you need to do to get ready. So some of the ACV of the larger deals is delayed and will come in '24. And at the same time, we have a decline of deals below $5 million of TCV which are typically deals that always translate in here to revenue. So those things together are basically a 90% explanation of what you see in our revenue trend actuals in the last few quarters. And I'm anticipating unless the discretionary spend is coming back, roaring that, that won't change. Now, so the -- we're entering the year with all these moving parts, probably in a position that is not too different from last year in terms of visibility of revenue going forward, so. And mysteriously, it balances out because some of our larger deals now maturing and scaling, having a little bit better contribution to next year. And then, we'll -- as I said in my prior answer, we'll have our estimate to make on how short-term demand is going to be developing. So the net of it is that factors within the setup have changed compared to the beginning of '23 but in '24, we are kind of approximately in a similar position to stock.
Jan Siegmund: Look, we're entering the year with the NextGen initiative executing well and according to our plans. And we're going to have what were -- some impact in the third quarter but really not full run rate impact yet. And so we will have a lot of momentum on NextGen next year. So we offered the savings opportunity for '24 to -- for '25 to REIT, in real estate, $100 million savings. And you all have your own assumptions on our head count reduction program, easy to be calculated and that's a lot of efficiency that we can book on our side. I anticipate the revenue momentum is obviously the mix factor for us that will shift. And in that revenue growth factor that determines the scale of our SG&A development and other elements, it's kind of probably a big factor. And the second one I would give to you is the style and the execution of our large deal scaling. With larger deals, there is a little bit of risk factor just by the nature of their scope involved. And if we are executing well and the deals don't develop problems, that will help us to be very solid in our margin expectation. And if we run into some problems, maybe we'll need to invest a little bit more cost. So those will be the 2 major factors, I think, that we're going to be considering as we give our margin range and the substantiation of it.
Ravi Kumar: Yes. So Bryan, I've been saying this for the last 2 quarters and this quarter as well. Our deal momentum and our bookings momentum is very strong. We are continuing to see good traction. I've spoken about 2 swim lanes. There is a swim lane on transformation-led deals and I've spoken about cost efficiency, vendor consolidation, efficiency-led kind of deals. We see more in this category versus the transformation but we also see this category underwriting the savings to the transformation. So a lot of times -- remember, one of the things I spoke on my -- in my initial remarks is this is a period of uncertainty and change coming together. So clients are navigating the 2. There is change, significant change ahead of us. And clients are wondering who funds the CapEx cycle. So the ability to take cost out and underwrite the savings to the transformation, I think, is a great template and I think we are well positioned for that. What happens in the short run, though, is the discretionary spend has really fallen over the last 3 quarters. I mean, it's been very, very soft. So the deals we have won in the first and the second quarter, we have to backfill that as well as you know that large deals actually come with a gestation period to get to the peak levels of their potential. So we are hopeful that the large deal momentum continues. It continues over the next year. And of course, the deals we won this year will contribute more to the next year. What I don't know is what happens to discretionary spend. I mean, the environment is very soft. So we'll have to wait and see how the discretionary happens but I'm very optimistic about how the large deal momentum is, especially on cost takeout, vendor consolidation efficiency-led deals that we are seeing across the spectrum. And I think we are winning well. You can see the bookings momentum this year. So the one which is unknown is discretionary. That's the piece we are not sure of. Hopefully, as these deals -- as the cost takeouts continue, if they kind of trigger CapEx cycles for transformation, hopefully, that happens. And if that happens, we are going to catch it early on.
Ravi Kumar: Yes. So Bryan, I had spoken about a strategy of large deals with all -- in all swim lanes, all the way from productivity to people takeover to software-led to efficiency-led. And I've spoken about it, that our participation is going to be in all of them. Now sometimes what happens in these situations is you have upstream software coming in and you have downstream services coming in. And it's the timing. I mean, for software upstream, there is significant downstream services which is attached to it. So we've had 60 basis points before in the year that we have added in this quarter. But what you really have to look at is the timing of these deals. Now in quarter 2, we announced a strategic partnership with ServiceNow for $1 billion, a joint partnership. And we have offering which actually has a bundle of software, reusable assets and services attached to it and it is a managed services model. And that's the opportunity we are pursuing. And as the large deals come, you're always going to see the timing. In one particular quarter you could have software, in a particular quarter, you could have services downstream. So it's -- that's the process of how you see this. Sometimes there are people takeover, sometimes there is asset takeover, sometimes there is productivity upfront and effort upfront, sometimes you have transition upfront and you have services on the downstream. So it's hard to pick which quarter you're going to see this. But the nature of large deals gives you that flow, if I may, in terms of how they get constructed quarter-on-quarter.
Ravi Kumar: Yes. So thank you, Jan. I think very well said. So Ashwin, thank you for the question. You're absolutely right. This is -- the large deals muscle is consistently improved over the last 3 quarters. This is something which did not exist before. I came in, in January and built that muscle and I'm very confident that we can sustain it. We've sustained it for 3 quarters and we're very confident we can do that for the future. And we have actually now invested on institutional infrastructure to support it all the way from productivity to automation infrastructure to the classical levers which you apply in managed services and cost takeout kind of deals. We did have good muscle on discretionary before. I mean, the transformation infrastructure of the company is strong. As the spend comes back, I'm very confident that because we have good engagement with our clients, we are also going to naturally be the providers for discretionary spend. You could, in some ways, use the strength of our current deal momentum to support the discretionary -- the historic discretionary muscle of the company. Now, I think Jan raised an important point which I think is very, very important. We ran the Net Promoter Score survey this year and we have historic high scores. And there are 3 or 4 things which have come out of that. Our attrition rates have gone down. They've gone down and they're trending downwards, even into the next quarter. Our employee satisfaction scores are at an all-time high. Our client satisfaction scores are at an all-time high. Customers are engaging with us much more over a variety of swim lanes which means when the discretionary comes back, each of these swim lanes is going to contribute back to that -- back to the strength of those relationships, so. In fact, there's one thing which really registered with me on the Net Promoter Score survey which is about our customers saying Cognizant is back in some form. I'm paraphrasing it, Cognizant is back or the mojo is back. I think that is the momentum which will allow us to get back the discretionary spend as and when our customers start to spending it. So, I think we have set this foundation, a very strong foundation. The 2 things which our clients have spoken about, as I said, Cognizant is back. The second is we have a much more stable leadership, good execution, agile responses and much lower -- significantly much lower turnover of employees. And these would actually rub off on the discretionary as it comes back.
Ravi Kumar: So Ashwin, we are -- the first thing we just changed is we are participating on deals across the swim lanes I just spoke about and we are competitive enough and we have built the institutional infrastructure to support execution and actually better our performance to the metrics which we commit when we win those deals. So we have to keep strengthening that. This is always a work in progress. We have to continue to stay competitive and we have to continue to price them to win and deliver them to margins as I call it. And we continue to keep our competitiveness by strengthening our productivity tools and our automation tools and our AI tools. So this is an ongoing process and you have to keep changing the baseline because as you want to be competitive, you have to continue to keep working on the productivity levers. Unlike in the past, where these productivity levers were labor-oriented or, I would say, they were classical, now they are technology oriented. And hence, we have a unique opportunity to create some nonlinearity. In the past, we did not participate in those deals. Now we are participating and winning them, so the confidence has been really high.
Ravi Kumar: I think the cautiousness is related to the uncertainty around the discretionary spend. I think everybody in the market is facing it, including us. What we are certain is our deal momentum and our large deals and our bookings continues to be very vibrant. What we do not know, especially in a seasonally slow quarter, quarter 4 is always a seasonally slow quarter because of furloughs as well. What we are unable to predict is how much of the discretionary gets impacted and how much of our large deal momentum will get neutralized by this. And to that extent, we felt it was only fair that we keep a risk -- we keep the risk adjusted to what we believe could be soft in quarter 4.
Ravi Kumar: Just to add to that, what Jan said, because we didn't have large deals in the previous year, what -- the slope it had of this year in terms of realizing this year did not happen. What's going to happen for next year, though, is you're going to have tail velocity of deals we won this year which will accrue revenues next year. And then -- and that's a change because we have consistently done it from quarter 1, quarter 2, now quarter 3. We have done -- the percentage of our large deals has gone up. And the percentage of new in these large deals has also gone up, so that's a positive change. The question -- the unknown piece is the discretionary spend.
Ravi Kumar: It's a difficult question to answer now on how it's going to be next year. I mean, the swim lane of large deals we are doing and then that is 30% of bookings. The swim lane of large deals we're doing, always the savings of those large deals, some of the smarter clients are not necessarily taking it to savings but they are actually underwriting it for transformation which means if some of them can trigger the CapEx cycles, then you're going to see some of that discretionary coming back because the savings you do on productivity will allow you to trigger the CapEx cycle. I mean, I spoke about 150-plus AI -- preliminary early AI engagements. The reality is if they have to scale up, you need the CapEx. The CapEx will either come because our clients have, themselves, navigated the uncertainty and got the CapEx covered, or they would use some of the savings from the cost cutting and the cost takeout they have done related to technology to leverage it into discretionary. I mean, many of my clients today, I've met 270 of them this year. They're not saying they want to take their IT budgets down. What they're really saying is, can you do more for less. And can you actually divert the savings to the transformation they're looking forward to and they're very, very anxious about the transformation because we are all living in this period of change. The issue is -- what I do not know is whether the economic and the overall environment which is really a headwind, is that going to change significantly next year? That's something that's hard to predict now. But if that uncertainty continues, you're obviously not going to see the discretionary spend coming back. But if you see that triggering positively, then you're going to see the savings of these cost takeout initiatives to move into transformation and that will trigger another cycle of spend which in turn, hopefully, will trigger revenue cycles for our clients which will then hopefully create a virtuous positive cycle. So it's a tricky one to answer. You need a trigger for the CapEx cycles of discretionary. And all the discretionary spend, as Jan mentioned, these are all deals between $0 to $10 million. They all get they all get realized within the same year because these are small deals. So it's a very unusual time, a time of uncertainty and a time of change coming simultaneously. So the cost takeout deals potentially can fund them and that's the point I'm making. And if they don't, then there are other triggers of CapEx cycles which have to fund them.
Ravi Kumar: Yes. So also just to add to what Jan said, the NextGen program really kicked off at the end of quarter 1. We had impact in quarter 2 and quarter 3. It will have a full year impact next year. I mean, the savings will accrue next year. And of course, the real estate savings come at the back end as well. So we have -- now we have -- we are going to look at incorporating that into our workings as we work out the next year next year margins. And that's one of the reasons why we reiterated that the 20 to 40 basis points we set early in this year. We probably have -- we wanted to reinforce that message that we can get that margin expansion which we earlier committed in the year.
Ravi Kumar: That's great question. I see that as a friend. In fact, I stated that if you carefully observe my initial comments, even before you asked this question, I had stated that if technology is strategic to our clients. And remember, technology was an enabler for our clients. Now it is strategic to them because is deeply embedded into their products. It is integral to the differentiation in the market. Every industry is a tech industry. We have to help our clients build their own technology muscle. And to help our clients build their own technology muscle, I think Cognizant is probably best suited to do so. Our entrepreneurial spirit, our flexible operating model, our co-creation attitude and our co-creation culture. We think, as companies build their own technology muscle, we will lend our human capital and I stated this in my remarks, that we would even lend this value chain of human capital which is not just the people to support their transformation but potentially lending our training infrastructure, our learning infrastructure, our ability to actually help them build their own captives if they want to, or global capability centers. And I think that is sticky because once you do so, you can even lend your automation infrastructure, AI infrastructure and actually take them through that maturity curve. So it's much more sticky than before. So I see this as an unique opportunity for Cognizant and we want to double down on this offering.
Ravi Kumar: After very many quarters, we had sequential positive head count growth. Of course, it is a tiny number but it is reflective of the momentum of -- the commercial momentum of large deals and bookings. It is reflective of the needs for the future and it is reflective of the needs of the near future. So I'm very, very -- I'm very confident that if we continue on the deal booking momentum, we will have to increase our head count to fulfill and satisfy those programs. So it's encouraging -- it's a very encouraging indicator about how well our commercial momentum is shaping up.
