Gordon Coburn: I just said it was broad-based, so we saw a surge in development across all of our industries. What drove it is a little bit different by industry. Certainly, in Financial Services, there's development work related to M&A and related to regulatory requirements. In areas such as retail, a lot of work on data warehousing, what we refer to as know-your-customer initiatives. A fair amount of regulatory work in healthcare. But I think the important part is we saw customers spend discretionary dollars, at least with Cognizant, on more than just costs savings initiatives, more than just required regulatory thing. We also saw clients spend discretionary dollars on true innovation, and that's the part that we're really excited about that. Rebound and spending on innovation happen much more quickly than we anticipated, and that was broad-based across our industry segments.
Gordon Coburn: Yes, on the pent-up demand, and I want to be very clear on this, is the rate at which new projects kick off. Clearly, we built in that will slow from Q2 levels. I don't think it'd be realistic that it could stay at Q2 levels. We built in that Europe will be stable, so we don't expect similar trends, with the exception of the M&A work. Some of that will wind down in the second half of the year. So the big assumption, and we firmly believe that is the right assumption, is that we will not see development grow at this pace that we saw in Q2 due to kickoffs. And quite honestly, I don't think we'd want too. I'm not sure it would be healthy for the business to keep growing at the pace we grew in the second quarter.
Gordon Coburn: No. Yes, we're still assuming that the economy remains lackluster, which I think is probably a accurate assumption. And obviously, Q2 had some more billing days, which helped sequential growth and had a little bit of acquisition revenue.
Gordon Coburn: And Adam, just one other thing. You can see in the second quarter one of the areas of exceptional performance was Financial Services. It grew 18% sequentially. We clearly were not expecting that, and that's being driven by a bunch of projects kicked off, there's a lot of M&A work going on. So if there was one single area that was the biggest surprise, I think it would have been Financial Services. We don't expect that sequential growth to continue that way. But obviously, what allows us to take our guidance way up for the year is, for the rest of the year, we're now working off of a new foundation for growth. So it's really the surge we had in Q2, has the follow-on impact to the full year. But as Francisco said, certainly, it was not one customer or one area, though BFS was the leader in driving the performance.
Gordon Coburn: They're all over the place. The M&A stuff tends to be shorter term. But outside of M&A, this is stuff that's -- this is not one-quarter projects. So we don't have the issue of -- other than in M&A, we don't have issue of stuff rolling off. It's a question of how much new stuff starts.
Gordon Coburn: You're hitting a key point. Quality is essential. The whole business is word of mouth, so we are laser-focused on quality. We're in the fortunate position that we hired very aggressively in Q4 and Q1. I think we hired 16,000 people net in those two quarters. So it gave us the bench, certainly, to continue to maintain quality, meet customer requirements and absorb the attrition. I don't think the, obviously, the attrition is not a Cognizant-specific thing. You saw similar numbers once you get apples-to-apples basis across the industry. So it's not something that's unique to us, but we're being very proactive about it. We're making sure both that we hire in anticipation of attrition, and we're being very proactive in making sure that we address reason people might choose to leave. The unique differentiator we have is because of our growth rates, we can provide career opportunities that no one else can do while making the business model work. We promoted a much larger percentage of our people this year than our key competitors. Why? Because we're growing faster. Therefore, while maintaining the pyramid, more people can promote. So I think as we continue to outperform the industry, as our employees see that the strong revenue growth results in much better career opportunities for them than they can get at other places, I think that should result in us being able to address the attrition. But in the interim, because that takes a little time, we're making sure we're doing the right operational things to match the business. And that's a little more important for our recruiters, but I think we're fine.
Gordon Coburn: Think of it as the increase in utilization hides some of the impact of wage inflation. But the flip side is we took our variable compensation accruals up substantially this quarter because we expect to pay out very healthy bonuses to our employees because of the higher revenue growth, so you have some offsets there. But I'm not losing a lot of sleep over maintaining our margins. The wage inflation is done for the year. I don't expect any further wage inflation this year. And as I mentioned, while the rupee had weakened, we put in place a very aggressive hedging program going out several years. So we're feeling comfortable that our exposure to negative movements on the rupee would be quite minimal to us.
Gordon Coburn: Sure. The rupee actually has very little to do with it because we were hedged both in Q1 and Q2. So as the rupee moves, it doesn't have a whole lot of impact on our operating margin because it just changes the size of the gains and losses. The bigger factor here is utilization. We took utilization down quite substantially in Q1, and that obviously had a negative impact on gross margins. In Q2, utilization went back up, which is a good guys. But then we had two bad guys, one is wage inflation, and the other is we took our bonus accrual up.
Gordon Coburn: We just don't guide to gross margin. I would expect probably utilization to come back down a little bit in the second half of the year. As I mentioned, we're aggressively turning the hiring spigot back on because utilization got a little too high in Q2. But Q2 run rate, obviously, had a true up of the variable compensation, so we focus on running the business doing operating margin.
Gordon Coburn: Sure. The answer is neither. The price I was referring to is our overall book of business. But what drove on-site being up a little bit, offshore being down a little bit, is largely the mix -- is the shift towards development, because there's a lot of testing activity in development offshore, which has a little bit lower price point but there's a lot of, obviously, design and front-end work for development on-site, which is at higher price points. So that's more due to the shift in business mix. The price increases are just starting to kick in because when you the discussions, it's usually a couple of months before it kicks in. So I think that's something that has more of an impact as we go through the remainder of the year.
Gordon Coburn: Yes, let me take the first part of that question. We clearly saw very healthy growth among our larger customers as they returned to development spending. As evidence of that, the revenue from our top five customers during the quarter increased sequentially. Let me just give you the number here -- increased to 18.7% from 17.6%. So what happened was our large customers have been working for a while, obviously did not do as much discretionary work last year. But as they returned to wanting to do discretionary activities because they know us, they know our capabilities and they understand the differentiators that Frank talked about earlier, we saw tremendous demand from our larger installed base to help them with innovation, virtualization and discretionary projects.
Gordon Coburn: Yes, it's very consistent with what we said last quarter. We expect $180 million, and a lot of that is going to go to construction. We've launched some new construction programs. Obviously, the buildings won't come online till next year, but we're spending the dollars now.
Gordon Coburn: No. Clearly, it's a run rate number you should build off of. What we've seen is the differentiation works. So building the domain expertise, building the relationship management, building out the countries, it's working. So we're going to keep investing in it. So I would clearly view that as the run rate to build off of.
Gordon Coburn: Sure. It's still very much a work in progress, but it appears that the STPI will go away. And also, it's looking more and more like the go-to-a-direct tax structure with the Corporate being at 25%, and that we'll have protection on the Special Economic Zones. If all those things happen, and I want to be really clear, it's not done yet. It's not the law yet. But if those things happen, that would probably put our tax rate somewhere between 22% and 25%.
Gordon Coburn: It's impossible to do it accurately, but I would say more of it's related to the increased hiring across the industry. The smaller piece of it is pent-up demand.
Gordon Coburn: Yes, I think that's right. And the good news is everything we're seeing at this stage and hearing from clients is it will be a normal budget calendar this year. So hopefully, we should be able to get a sense on the normal schedule. But I think Frank is absolutely right. Until we sit down with our clients, and we have very open discussions with our clients about what their plans are, at that point, we'll have a better sense of revenue for next year.
Gordon Coburn: No. I think a lot of the pent-up demand has flushed through the system at this point. The rate at which new discretionary projects start in Q2, I do not think is sustainable. I'd be very surprised if they continued at that pace in the second half of the year. We'll certainly continue to have growth. But the Q2 was unique, and that was normal growth plus starting up projects that people wanted to start last year.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes, I think if you look at our results in Q2 in Europe, as Gordon said during his comments, some portion of the strong growth that we saw in Europe was the result of some large-scale M&A programs we're involved with. That growth will not continue for the back half of the year. In fact, that will taper off and then start to decline as we go through the rest of 2010. But if you strip that out, as you know, as Gordon mentioned or David mentioned, I've been in Europe for a couple of weeks. I'll be here for another couple of weeks, spending the month with our clients and associates in Europe to get a better sense of the color of demand. And I think that Europe is going to continue to be lumpy for the rest of the year. While we're seeing pockets of strength, clearly on the continent in particular, the economic recovery is 10 years at best. Clients are cautious, and I think that while there is demand out there, we will continue to see some lumpiness in demand over the rest of the year, particularly in Europe and particularly on the continent.
Francisco D'Souza: Adam, look, as we said, look, there was no one thing in the second quarter that drove the over performance. We benefited from a number of things that all came together in the second quarter. We saw this sustained surge in discretionary projects kicking off. Candidly, the strength of that surprised us. We had seen -- we talked about this during the last call, we've started to see some of that towards the end of the first quarter and early in the second quarter, but that trend accelerated. As we said, the M&A integration stuff kicked in and the ramp, and then of course, the regulatory changes, the HIPAA 5010, ICD-10, PEG stuff all came together. All of these things all came together in the second quarter, and that's why you see the growth was very, very broad-based across geographies, industries and service offerings. As we look forward, we think that we're taking a prudent view, a cautious view. We think that some of this surge in discretionary spending, the rate at which new projects will kick off, will clearly not be where it is in the past. But based on our current view, we feel that the at least 36% guidance that we provided is reasonable. I'll ask Gordon to give you some color on the guidance.
Francisco D'Souza: We continue to be very optimistic about the BPO and IT IS businesses. We had good growth in Q2 in those service lines, and we continue to sell aggressively, build pipeline of business and ramp up clients in those service lines. In addition to IT IS and BPO, as you know, we have launched new service offerings in the last six, nine months in the area of EMS, Engineering and Manufacturing Services, and Enterprise Analytics and those service offerings, although newer and of a much, much smaller base, are showing good traction. And we're optimistic that those will also continue to grow and over the coming quarters, become more substantial drivers of overall company growth.
Francisco D'Souza: We are cautiously moving into the healthcare provider space, but we think that it's a different -- a market that's highly fragmented. We have to pick our battles carefully there. There are some segments of the healthcare provider space that represent good opportunity for us, and then there are others that just, frankly, don't fit the Cognizant model. So we have actually started the process of moving into the healthcare provider space, but it's very early days at this point. And I don't expect that it will be a substantial portion of our revenue for several quarters.
Francisco D'Souza: Certainly, that's a trend that we've been seeing for a number of years now actually. As we have introduce new service offerings and increase what we think of as a circle of services that we offer to clients, every time we do that, the slice of a client's budget that we can compete for increases the pie, the overall pie increases. So our ability to drive deeper penetration into our existing client base is significantly increased. We certainly think that BPO and IT IS represent great opportunities to take back to our existing client base. Engineering and manufacturing services, obviously, apply to a more limited portion of our client base. It's obviously not relevant to the Financial Services clients, and to some extent, not relevant to healthcare, although pharmaceutical clients do, obviously, have big manufacturing operations. So we clearly expect that we will drive growth from our existing clients by taking them a new set of services. But all of this, of course, is predicated on the fact that we have very, very deep client relationships. As I mentioned in my comments, this quarter, we had this very unprecedented study done by EquaTerra where for clients in Europe they surveyed. I think it was about 2,000 clients and across 25 different providers, including the global multi-nationals and the India players. But through all of that, we were the only provider, the only provider, of these 25 providers that had no dissatisfied clients at all. And so that I think is a testament of the strength of the relationships we have in Europe and similarly across the world, which is what allows us to have the dialog with clients around deepening our relationship with these new service offerings. So clearly, that's the key part of how we'll grow going forward.
Francisco D'Souza: We've seen that in one or two instances, where these large deals are coming up for re-competes and the clients decided to take a best-of-breed approach. But I don't think we are seeing it so frequently that I would yet be comfortable saying that it's a trend or it's something that I would say we can build a strategy around. We're clearly seeing some of those situations in our pipeline and what we've competed for over the last few quarters, but I'm not comfortable yet saying it's a trend.
Francisco D'Souza: Yes, there's a subtle distance there, a subtle distinction that needs to be made, right? In Q2, we saw the kick off of a number of discretionary initiatives. And those obviously have a life, that will continue -- they will continue through the life. What we're saying is that we don't think that new projects, in addition to the ones that have already kicked off in Q2, that the rate at which those will kick off in Q3 and Q4 will be quite as strong as it was in Q2. So hopefully, that gives you some color.
Francisco D'Souza: Thanks, everyone. Listen, we're a couple minutes over, so let me just wrap up by thanking all of you for joining us on the call today. We appreciate the opportunity to explain the factors behind our record quarter and our raised outlook, and we're pleased with our Q2 results. We're confident that we're sharply differentiated and we're well positioned in the marketplace, and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thanks.
