Gordon Coburn: I think you hit that well, but let me reinforce, healthcare is healthy. Obviously there is a short-term issue with some of the mergers going on, but we are clearly seeing traction for the end-to-end solutions of the combination of the TriZetto platform and Cognizant services and infrastructure BPO. So we feel very good about where healthcares can go as through the latter half of 2016 and going into 2017.
Gordon Coburn: Sure Jim. It’s Gordon. So in terms of the mergers, we know which mergers are planned for later in the year and the de-risking is around those all for both the buyers and the sellers of those two acquisitions or our customers. So we’ve already seen slowdown in the first quarter because of that, so we've taken a conservative stance on that for the year. When I look at the pipeline of larger deals, there are several larger deals in the healthcare space that we feel quite good and that’s why obviously there is a range in our guidance. You never want to count on those deals closing, but if they do certainly they can be quite beneficial to us. But that would be more towards the latter half of the year.
Gordon Coburn: I think certainly the variability in healthcare specifically around some of the large deals that are well into the pipeline is the biggest factor, but also we put conservatism in for the financial services. If financial services plays out better than our view that would certainly provide upside. But given the volatility in macroeconomic environment right now we thought it’s prudent to be conservative.
Gordon Coburn: Sure. Bryan, we’ve now got them back up to what we believe is the sustainable utilization level. So generally headcount and revenue should be growing more in line, obviously that won’t be quarter-to-quarter because of the timing of college kids coming in, but when you look at it sort of on a longer-term basis for the year they should grow roughly in line.
Gordon Coburn: Sure. Obviously the floods in Chennai were a tragic event. We’re one of the larger employers in Chennai. We are very supportive of both our employees and recovery in the city. And that recovery has gone well so far. The good news is our BCP plans worked. They worked really well. We were able to mitigate the financial impacts. There were some, but given the size of the Company overall we then view it as material. There is a little bit of timing on recruiting and we lost a week or two there, but that’s all noise and realm of things. So overall, I would say the impact in Q4 was small and there is really no lingering effect on it. Let me ask Karen to comment on pricing.
Gordon Coburn: I think it’s very simple, our leadership in healthcare. Obviously it's a great position to have, but in Q1 it’s hurting us. There are a bunch of acquisitions going on out there. So I think probably the big difference between us and others is our exposure and work with leading healthcare companies. The currency remember our full-year guidance there is about 100 basis points headwind on currency, but obviously that’s something everyone else has as well.
Gordon Coburn: Yes, I think that’s accurate. We are at the bottom end of the range obviously we are conservative on particularly financial services and we certainly wouldn't count on the large healthcare deals. So I think that’s a good way of thinking about it.
Francisco D'Souza: Tien-tsin, remember we brought our utilization up significantly throughout 2015, so going into 2016 we have the benefit of that, which allows us to handle wage inflation and also make the investments that we need to long-term in the business into digital into healthcare. So we feel good on the margins side.
Francisco D'Souza: It’s Frank. Let me try to address that. Look I think we’ve been more than pleased with the results of the TriZetto acquisition. As you said it’s been a little over a year, the hypothesis was that acquiring intellectual property in the form of a platform would allow us to combine that software with our traditional IT and BPO services and create solutions and bundles of solutions for clients that neither company would independently have been able to provide in the marketplace. I think that hypothesis is proving out to be exactly on point. A number of the large deals that we mentioned a minute ago that are in the healthcare pipeline as Gordon said are combined if you will Cognizant with TriZetto capabilities together. And so we feel very good about the integration of how it’s happened both from an impact in the market standpoint, but also from an internal Cognizant operational standpoint. We’ve retained the TriZetto leadership team, all of the TriZetto leaders are playing an important roles within Cognizant and we feel very good about both the operational and the market impact results of the TriZetto acquisition. As we look forward, we’ve continued to say that our primary acquisition focus will be to look at small tuck-in acquisitions. We announced KBACE a few weeks ago. We will continue to look for acquisitions of that nature in the areas that we’ve talked to you about in the past like digital, like geographic expansion, like deepening our industry domain expertise. But as is always, as we’ve said in the past, if an opportunity – a scale opportunity presents itself like TriZetto did, we won't hesitate to look at it as it makes strategic sense for the business.
Francisco D'Souza: I would just add to that Darrin very quickly that while we do see that what increasingly what we are starting to see in the marketplaces that our clients are beginning to understand that the value of the integration between the legacy and the new digital world. And so they see the value of a player like us that can not only manage their legacy for greater efficiency and effectiveness, but then add-on top of that digital. And so that value – we are selling that value very actively and aggressively in the marketplace and because we have very strong leading-edge digital capabilities, it allows us to some extent to explain to clients why the combination of the two are so strong and offset pricing pressure that we may see just purely from what I think of a somewhat irrational pricing on the – just purely on the legacy side.
Francisco D'Souza: It’s Frank. Sara, let me – on financial services I think largely it's as you would imagine it’s the discretionary more development oriented stuff that tends to kick off at the early part of the year as budget get approved. And so in general, I think that stuff that can turn on relatively quickly again, obviously what’s not getting deferred is the lights-on maintenance, keep the systems running, regulatory compliance those kinds of things obviously will continue and are continuing. But there's a fair amount of discretionary stuff that kicks off early part of the year and I think that's some of that is what we are seeing being deferred a little bit.
Francisco D'Souza: And Sara, on automation, artificial intelligence, robotics, think about more as its evolution rather than a revolution. So absolutely we are bringing those technologies into our practices particularly into business process services, infrastructure services, testing. Does it dramatically move the needle in one-year? No, it does not. But we think over the coming years it's going to become increasingly important, we’re making significant investments to make sure that we’re a leader in that area and we remain highly competitive and differentiated.
Francisco D'Souza: Sure, Lisa. So attrition is running a bit higher than we would like. When we parse why, a lot of it has to do with, we did a really good job retrain our people into digital technologies last year, so we’ve become a target. That said, given our growth rates are materially higher than the industry even for we believe for 2016. We should be able to provide the best career opportunities so there’s a bunch of stuff we are doing. A key component of it is we refer to as the Cognizant Career Architecture that’s where we are giving tremendous clarity on what are the different roles we have, what does it take to move into those different roles. So people can self manage their careers, so we remain very much a meritocracy and the best and the brightest can move up faster Cognizant than their alternatives. On compensation, as I said in my prepared remarks, we are strong believers in sharing the success with our employees. Our bonus accrual for 2015 was well above what it was for the prior year and we’re a believer in empowerment. Over and over again when people join us they say, wow, it’s just so invigorating, so exciting the freedom and the autonomy that I get at Cognizant. So when you combine all of those I think we’ll be in good shape, obviously we have the headwind of our BPS businesses growing faster than company average and by definition BPS has a bit higher attrition, but I think it's headed back towards the levels that we want. And Gordon, you want to comment on…
Francisco D'Souza: On immigration. Obviously in the budget bill, the fees for H1B Visas went up, yes it cost us some money, but in the realm of things it’s not material for us. So we expect to be able to handle that within the current margin. We’re always conscious of what’s happening in immigration. Cognizant is a leader in immigration compliance. We feel very good about our structure. We have independent audits on a voluntary basis all the time. We've separated compliance from the actual immigration transactions so we feel good about that. At the same time, we are working hard to hire more and more Americans which we further expanded our college recruiting program, we further expanded our U.S. MBA recruiting, we’re investing heavily in STEM education, which is obviously a longer-term solution, but clearly we have to watch immigration during the political cycle, but we certainly feel good that we're playing by both the letter and spirit of the law and we are making efforts to hire more locals. One of the things we’re very excited about it is our veterans program, we’ve hired several hundred veterans over the recent past and we’ve actually just further strengthened the hiring of veterans as some of the leaders in the company have come out of the military, they've taken the leadership on this program so I think that's going to yield good results as well.
Francisco D'Souza: I think – Brian it’s a good question actually and I'll try to answer it as succinctly as possible, but it's a very dynamic space frankly. I think the best analogy to draw here is sort of the analogy that we saw during the dotcom transition. What we're seeing is that as I said in my prepared remarks that digital is not just a technology issue right it is – to really do digital well you need to combine design talent with consulting talent with technology talent with consulting and strategy talent and of course you need to bring the client's perspective into all of this. And so you need first of all a very, very diverse set of skills and capabilities. And so when we think about, when we look at competition originally I would say maybe a couple of years ago we would see a lot of smaller boutique type of firms that focused more on the design elements and what I think over the front end of digital. But I think it's now migrating because clients are looking to deploy digital at global scale and integrate with their legacy applications. And so the firms that we see competing most against are the large firms that have an integrated set of capabilities where they can bring all of those capabilities together. Is not that many firms in the world that can bring design, consulting, technology, industry knowledge, process expertise at global scale together. I would say there is a small handful of two or three firms and those are the ones that we tend to compete with most often.
Francisco D'Souza: It’s been a relatively recent phenomenon in the last month or so as volatility has been quite substantial in the market. I think we saw this sort of mid-December through really now mid-January, end of January those are that sort of the timeframe in which we’ve had these conversations which led us to say we would probably should take a little bit more cautious approach until we get a clear sense of what’s going to happen in financial services.
Francisco D'Souza: I don’t know if I call harder to predict, but if you think about the methodology we used to use and obviously we’re somewhat unique in that. We are clear on what the downside was, but not the limit to the upside and as we get bigger, I think we all felt it was more appropriate to give investors sort of both an understanding what the boundaries were both on the downside and the upside.
Francisco D'Souza: It’s Frank. I would say that we are at a position in the evolution of the company where we continue to look for acquisitions that will create key areas of distinction for the company. An acquisition like KBACE does that for us substantially. We’ve said this in the past that when we think about distinction what are the types of things we are looking for. We are looking for acquisitions that deepen our industry capabilities so we've got great footprint in key industries; we are looking to deepen those footprints with great client relationships in those industries with great capability for those industries. We are looking to acquisitions that will broaden our geographic footprint we as you know we have a footprint right now, we have great – there are great opportunities to expand in other parts of the world by taking our core service offerings to other parts of the world. So we would look to acquisitions that expand our geographic capabilities. We would look at acquisitions that broaden or deepen our core service lines and service offerings so as we think about digital as a service offering, as we think about our Horizon 2 businesses that are going very fast right now. We would look at acquisitions that accelerate those service offerings and so we will continue to apply that screen in a fairly disciplined way to say does an acquisition big or small, does it deepen our industry capabilities, does it strengthen our lines of service or does it and/or does it help us from a geographic standpoint and that's I think the screen that we’ll use when we evaluate any of these acquisitions.
Francisco D'Souza: Hey Rod. It’s Frank. I would say it’s a little different in financial services. Clearly as you said, in healthcare we've got some solid big deals in the pipeline, we feel good about. In financial services, the relatively more recent phenomenon of a little bit of uncertainty a larger number of – what I would say smaller projects getting pushed out because of the macroeconomic uncertainty. So I think that depending on volatility and what's going on in the industry, you could see one of two scenarios, you could see continued conservatism in spending for a quarter or two in financial services or you could see that come back relatively quickly because these are projects that as I said a minute ago I think our smaller discretionary projects that could be turned on relatively more quickly. So it just a little bit difficult to say right now. I think the next month or two we will get better visibility and I think on our next call we’ll be able to give you a better sense of what we are seeing in the marketplace. And with that let me just close by thanking everybody for joining us today. We appreciate your questions. We look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you. End of Q&A
