Ravi Kumar: Yeah, thank you for that question. I think the one thing you want to know is generative AI is diffusing into all our technology-led projects in a very, very fast way. So, the ability to ring fence it and start to think about what it does to a technology, what it doesn't do a technology or how do you trace it back is always hard. So the best metric for us was to find out the number of projects we are doing around generative AI. So, the number we gave this quarter was 750, which is up from 450 last quarter. So, we're very, very pleased with the number of early engagements. We have 600 more in the pipeline. And if you remember quarter two of last year, we spoke about 100 active engagements. So, we've gone all the way from 100 to 750. Now, how much of this is going into real production work? I would say very small number of projects are going into production work. And that number is small because of multiple reasons. One is, as you get to production-grade work, you need to start to think about your data architecture, you need to start to think about your cloud infrastructure, and you also need to start to think about the cost of compute, the availability of talent and everything else. So, only a small minor portion of it is going into live production work. But what we are pleased is as we get past these inhibitors, if I may, we're going to see a sharpest curve. I actually believe this is going to be a sharpest curve. A lot of them are related to productivity and task automation. So, the benefits are very tangible, and hence, it will go through the sharpest curve. But progressively, we will start to see more projects related to innovation, more projects related to change in operating model. And in fact, one of the surveys we did just a few weeks ago with 2,200 business executives from 15 countries has also started to tell us that productivity doesn't mean just cost reduction. Productivity also means new revenue streams and new products and new services. So, we are, again, excited about the fact that if it is revenue generating, the acceleration to the smart -- the sharp S curve is going to be much quicker. So that's one metric to know how well we're doing. The second metric I would say, which I spoke about, is we have 200-plus clients on all our platforms, AI platforms. The AI platforms we have at Cognizant are all related to how do you take foundation models and make them production grade, be it accuracy of the models, be it governance, be it management, be it responsible AI. So, these 200 clients are experimenting with us to make sure that they're getting ready for production, because they're a part of our platform. So, that gives me indication that there is a good momentum in the future. We also dissect this into four different categories. A lot of it is content aggregation and customer experience and employee experience. Again, the benefits in the business case are very tangible here. So, we will see faster acceleration. Then, of course, the biggest use case is tech for tech, which is applying it to development cycles. The challenges in that particular case, you have to share the productivity benefits with your clients. So, the good news is, it increases our win rates. And if we are ahead of the curve, we get to save some of that. And the last one, I would say, is content generation, which is more creative. It will take a little longer time. So overall, we're very pleased with where we are. We're very pleased with the fact that some of this is leading to more structural work related to data and cloud, which by itself is a heavy lift for us, which will then get monetized into services dollars. So that's broadly where generative AI story is. And I think the excitement about how much productivity we can generate for our clients and create a flywheel on this makes it the biggest opportunity for us to tap into the future.
Ravi Kumar: Just to link back to your AI question on this, if you look at the math, we sequentially dropped by 8,000-odd people and year-on-year we dropped by 9,000 people, but we sequentially grew by 2%. And what that really means is a part of it is running with tight utilization. A part of it is related to AI, doing work with lesser number of people, and therefore, creating a productivity benefit for us. So, just to add to the AI -- the reason why some of that is explainable is also because AI and automation is starting to be applied to our projects.
Ravi Kumar: So, let me take a shot at it and I'll ask Jatin to add. We don't give the renewal and -- split of renewal and new business, but I can tell you one thing that our new business is significantly higher than the renewals in 2024 versus 2023. So, we're very, very happy about it. The second is there is also new logos and expansion in the bookings. So, we are again very pleased. One of the reasons why Financial Services grew well -- I mean Financial Services grew sequentially after 2022 and it grew well, because we also opened new logos. We started to look for expansion in existing customers. So that's all contributing to our bookings. We had five large deals with more than $100 million and we had two of them with the range of $90 million-plus. In fact, all five of them actually had expansion in new business in the mix. So, we are again very pleased about how the amount of work we're getting, which is new and expansion, is increasing. Of course, the duration of deals is also increasing. On the higher end, I mean the larger deals above $50 million, the duration is increasing. While it creates stickiness, but it also creates a little bit of a tail on -- when the revenue is going to be realized as we go forward.
Ravi Kumar: Yeah. So, just to add some more color, Jonathan, on this, we are now at a spot where we have significant attractiveness in the market for employees to join us. I mean, our momentum in the market also allows us, gives us the ability to hire. We also have returners. In fact, we have a historic return of returners as I call it. I mean, it is people coming back who worked at Cognizant before. And our fulfillment engine is a combination of four things: freshers, rotating talent inside the company, reskilling from the adjacencies, and hiring lateral talent. All four, I think, we are getting better and better and better since the last 18 months. So, we are gearing up for a high-demand situation whenever, but we want to be prepared for it. Our two big industries, financial services and healthcare, together is 60% of our business. They're both in great and in a good spot. So that gives us confidence. I mean these were two verticals where Cognizant's legacy and heritage was so strong. So, we are back on those two verticals with a good positive momentum.
Ravi Kumar: Rod, thank you for that question. I've always been a believer of layering performance and change. So, for the first 18 months, I've been constantly making changes and generating performance and using the performance to make more change. At the end of first year, we bought a company called Thirdera, and that was the time I started to believe that performance has changed as you layer it. You also start to get the license to do some big bets. So, we made that big bet of buying Thirdera, which is the single largest ServiceNow standalone company. And right now, they're probably one of the top two players of ServiceNow in the market. And I'm very confident that journey will continue. In the first half of this year, we started to think that -- our business has four vectors, as I said, tech services, BPO, infrastructure-led services, which is security, cloud, everything put together, and ER&D. We always wanted to take another big bet and look for a different bio group and look for a different industry muscle, if I may, and we took a bet on Belcan, which gives us the opportunity to be in aerospace and automotive embedded software and engineering research and development, which is a different buyer group in any of our clients. And we took a bet because we think that's going to increase the breadth of services and it's going to give us a new vector for growth. So, I think I'm going to layer the performance and change on a constant basis and keep looking for big bets so that we make this a resilient platform. Remember, healthcare and financial services, we are heavy on it. Now, we're going to create muscle on manufacturing, industrial, automotive, aerospace, which is going to be a very different industry vector. We are -- we will constantly keep looking for bridging those gaps in new industries and a breadth of capabilities and also expanding internationally as we go forward because we are over indexed on the U.S. So that will be my goal to create sustained momentum and create a resilient platform for our employees and our clients.
Ravi Kumar: Rod, that's a great question. Organically, we are seeing strength in automotive. Our pivot on Belcan is very simple. We think the next decade is going to be about digitizing everything physical, so we believe the industries like manufacturing, industrial, automotive, aero. If you pivot into services, which are embedded software, pivot into services, which are digital in nature, there's significant headroom, and there is very little spent in the last 10 years, and therefore, I think the next 10 years are going to be much better. So therefore, I actually believe there are -- there is more space and more room for us. Our concentration is very high in healthcare and financial services. So, this actually gives us much -- a very different industry vertical, but it also gives us an opportunity to bring technology closer to the physical manifestation of these industries. So, that thesis of mind still holds. And I think with AI in the mix now, I actually believe the offerings we will now present to that industry segment are going to be as contemporary, and therefore, will continue to flourish. So that's my thesis when I looked at Belcan and that would be the thesis that it will remain with me even now.
Ravi Kumar: Financial Services, we've been working on it since 2023. 2023, we stabilized the teams, we ensured that the leaks we had -- we were on the other side. I mean when consolidation happened, we lost business in 2022. We now are gaining market share when there is consolidation. And we did a very good job of leading that vertical with industry solutions. So that helped us to pivot into some of the small discretionary spend, which is coming back to -- we rallied behind it. So, the industry solution approach, a stable team, walking the corridors, proactively pitching for value-led work, breadth of capability now, I mean, we are no longer a tech services firm, we have a breadth of capability, all of that has helped us to stabilize financial services. Of course, there's going to be variability quarter-on-quarter, but we feel confident about the fact that each one of those subsegments underneath that are in good shape. Our business in Americas and banking has sequentially done pretty well for two quarters in a row. So, now we are starting to progressively take that -- take the same template to -- in the international market, so that we could replicate that success.
Ravi Kumar: That's a very good question. In fact, I agree with you that a lot of the consulting dollars are getting diverted to generative AI. I mean, all the way from business case creation to governance to -- some companies are reorganizing their -- I know companies which are now saying, we need to reestablish an enterprise 2.0, so that process and technology can be together and it could be a distributed networked organization versus a hierarchical setup. So, lots of organizational change and experimentation is actually led by generative AI. So, some of the discretionary is getting diverted there. But these are small prototypes, and as you finish the prototypes, you start to see the bottlenecks to take it to production. The good news is at least you start to know what the bottlenecks are and then you start to work on it and then you take them to production grade. I have at least some projects which have started to go production grade. I've mentioned it in my earnings, which is a pharmaceutical company taking generative AI for drug development and insurers using generative AI to support claims which come in, which need to be corrected because there are either fields which have not been filled up or there are clarifications. So, I think at a task level, we are starting to see this go forward. The productivity studies we did in 2023 that helped us also to put the business case up. So, we've seen in healthcare in one of my clients, we've done auto adjudication of claims better using generative AI. So, the ability to make this a very outcome-centric business case will allow us to take this to more production-grade work, and the ability to continue to look for new use cases will help us to build the pipeline as the old ones mature.
Ravi Kumar: There's also focus on new logos. So, it's a combination of new logos expansion and new work. And I can certainly tell you that the new work is outpacing the renewals at least in 2024.
Ravi Kumar: Just to add to that, I said this before, we are -- we don't see deterioration or improvement. We see the market unchanged, as I call it. However, our execution, our fulfillment rates and our win ratios continue to be very strong. So therefore, we are winning wallet share in a market which has remained unchanged.
Ravi Kumar: We have to keep thinking about what are the right ways to tell the market about generative AI. It's a pervasive technology and therefore it diffuses into everything we do. And because it is diffusing so fast, you almost want to say -- you almost don't know what to categorize as Gen AI and what not to categorize as Gen AI. The only thing I can say is in this market, you could win using generative AI, you could increase your win rates, you could create new deals, you could generate more momentum with your clients, equally you could flip it around and use it on your own self to disrupt your own development cycles of our teams and create productivity, which you can share with your clients and then create a flywheel of winnability through it. So, I mean, right now, we are talking about projects which we are doing, we are talking about platforms and how many clients have onboarded on platforms. The traceability to revenues is, I mean, anybody's guess what you call generative AI as generative AI and what you can't. I mean, today, data modernization project or a cloud modernization project, which we do because generative AI is going to be the future, I actually can call it as generative AI or I can say this is not generative AI. However, it is creating more momentum because that foundation is needed for generative AI. So I mean, we have to evolve this to an extent where we could communicate to all of you much -- in a much traceable way. But nobody has found -- I mean, nobody seems to have found the right way to do it. We are trying our best to tell you the traction we have.
Ravi Kumar: Thank you so much. Thank you for joining in today and looking forward to the next quarter and thank you for all your support.
Jatin Dalal: Sure. So, quarter two was a good execution quarter where we improved our utilization. We continue to deliver sequential growth while actually reducing the trajectory of employees in terms of the headcount. So, overall, good execution. Why you are not seeing it yet reflected in the gross margin is really what you mentioned, the growth or the ramp up of the large deals that we have won in past, and they are ramping up and there is an initial investment of slightly lower margin as those deals ramp up. And that's the reason that gross margin number has remained flattish between quarter one and quarter two. We are optimistic that as we move into quarter three, quarter four, you should start seeing a slightly better performance on gross margin as we get through quarter four.
Jatin Dalal: Yeah. So, we -- I mean the numbers that you mentioned are accurate, 40 basis point of margin dilution and the synergy numbers. We will share a more detailed update on Belcan on closing including making sure that our guidance then reflects the Belcan acquisition for the rest of the year. There is no new or -- new data point or update to the numbers that we had shared before at this juncture.
Jatin Dalal: So, this is Jatin, and I'll go first, and I'll request Ravi to add. I think so far, we are seeing stability in the talent marketplace. It is reflected in our attrition. We are seeing sufficient availability of the talent that we need to hire for the specific skill set that we need to hire from the marketplace. There will always be couple of skill sets which are more hot or difficult to find than others, but on an aggregate basis, I think we still have a reasonably good market for talent as we look at the second half of the year.
Jatin Dalal: I think we still have some headspace for sure as we exit quarter two. Certainly, not as -- I mean, the headspace we have continued to sort of utilize and this is the third quarter of improvement utilization. So, we are continuing to improve it. We have some space. I wouldn't say it's a significant space. And we are managing the supply chain with that visibility of headspace and the demand which is coming into the door. And we are confident that we'll be able to manage the demand and supply chain equation well as we execute through the second half of the year.
Jatin Dalal: Yeah. I think the only additional color is there are two ways of looking at a large deal sort of dynamics or financials. One way is that they initially do come with lower margins, but if you see the construct of a large deal, they are typically fixed price projects over a long-term period, which means your ability to improve overall pyramid into the company, deploy Gen Zs as we call them internally or fresh talent at the bottom of the pyramid is much better, ability to execute on your automation goal is far superior in a larger program. So overall, the second way of looking at a large deal is that you can really push the envelope of efficiency and productivity much better than what you would be able to do in a time and material construct. So, it has also a positive angle to it as the deal matures.
Jatin Dalal: Yeah, sure. So, I think fundamentally not much change in ACV as you can imagine with the deal duration going up from -- I mean over longer term, it has to reflect in a slightly slower growth in ACV and that dynamics continue. However, we are clearly winning market share in as we execute every quarter. So, the deals that are ramping up or the deal announcement that we have done are really reflection of new work that Cognizant is getting, sometimes in new accounts, but also in many accounts where we were present, but we were not addressing that segment of the work with our customer.
Jatin Dalal: Yeah. So, you're right, it does at the midpoint of quarter three performance, it would imply a deceleration in quarter four, but that is really seasonality right now as we see it.
Jatin Dalal: So, it's a broad question. Let me address it from the context of Cognizant, clearly, for us, we see a growth as a guidance range that we have given for quarter three after a decline sort of a performance for [indiscernible]. So certainly, we are seeing an uptick and an improvement from where we were. So certainly, there is an uptick in the numbers in a positive growth trajectory as we progress through the year. It's difficult to make a comment on a larger market as we covered in our prepared remarks, market still remains uncertain, but clearly, there are pockets where there are opportunities and we are capitalizing on those opportunities as has been reflected in our BFSI performance, as has been reflected in our health performance, both of which our largest sector, we have delivered very strong sequential numbers.
