Karen McLoughlin: Good morning, Justin. This is Karen. We have not broken that out, but the Bolder contribution in the quarter was fairly small. We had said when we acquired Bolder earlier in the year that the full-year estimate was about $100 million for the year. So roughly a little over $30 million a quarter is what that's running.
Karen McLoughlin: Brian, it's Karen. I'll answer the tax rate and then I'll turn over to Frank to talk about any succession planning that may or may not be happening. So the tax rate, so this has happened before. If folks go back and take a look at the spring, summer timeframe of 2013, when there's a sudden depreciation in the rupee, we have seen this impact before. Because what happens is with so many of our assets being in India and the depreciation of the rupee, we end up with this big foreign exchange movement that is not deductible for tax purposes in India. And so that drives up the consolidated rate. But it doesn't have a long-term impact. So essentially the impact hits the quarter in which it happens and there will be a little bit of spillover into Q4 just because of the timing of the rupee movement. But if we assume that the rupee stays fairly stable going forward, then we will actually revert back to the guided tax rate. So, if people recall it, earlier in the year we had guided to a longer term tax rate of 24% to 26% with the implementation of the (29:45) tax at the federal level earlier in the year we said people should guide towards the higher end of that tax rate and that is still a reasonable position for people to assume.
Karen McLoughlin: So, let me do the revenue roll forward, Tien-Tsin, and then I'll turn over to Frank and let him talk about Softvision and the benefits thereof. So, from a revenue perspective, I would think about it this way on a full-year basis. So on a full-year basis, essentially the 606 benefit that we've received to-date, this quarter it was a little over $30 million, has essentially been wiped out by the foreign currency movement. So FX and rev rec essentially offset each other on a full year basis or year-to-date, and I anticipate it to be on a full-year basis at this point. And then from an inorganic perspective, it's less than 1 point of revenue at this point. I think it was about 40 basis points in the quarter in Q3 was the impact of inorganic revenue growth. So it's been fairly small.
Karen McLoughlin: And Tien-Tsin, sorry before we move on, Katie just pointed out to me that I misspoke. The inorganic impact for the quarter was about a 1.5 point for the year, it's about 1 point of revenue year-to-date. So apologies for that.
Karen McLoughlin: So, Keith, you also have to keep in mind that in Q3 of this year, which we did not have last year, we also had the raises and promotions, which was about 1 point of margin impact. So when you look at what's happening, certainly in the quarter while there was some benefit for the rupee; on a year-to-date basis, the rupee benefit is about zero. And while there has been some benefit obviously from the new rev rec, we have also had about 80 basis points of true operational improvement through continued driving of utilization as well as managing the pyramid and our SG&A cost effectively as well. So, we are extremely comfortable with both where the company is performing today, we are exactly in line with the goals that we set for ourselves which was approximately 21% margin this year. And on track to deliver approximately 22% margin target for next year as we have always said, we do not anticipate exceeding the margin target for the year. We will continue to take any dollars that we can and continue to reinvest those in the business above the 21% and continue to drive the shift to digital. We're very pleased with how that transition is taking place. We're very pleased with the solid revenue growth that the company has had for the year and the fact that we are very much in line with the expectations we set out both for ourselves and with our shareholders at the beginning of this year. And this is a big transition that the company is going through, but we believe managing very well both at the top line and at the bottom line and we'll continue to do so.
Karen McLoughlin: So, Ashwin, it's Karen. We didn't break out involuntary versus voluntary, but the involuntary in the quarter, there was no real change from where it's been, it tends to obviously be fairly small. There was a small restructuring we did over the summer which was about 200 people at the senior levels. I think what we continue to see is that attrition tends to be skewed towards the very lower end of the pyramid, so the junior staff attrition at the senior levels other than what we did with the involuntary program continues to be very low single-digits. And we tend to see attrition skewed as usual a little bit more offshore than on-site. So really no changes in the trend. It's just obviously the overall number has continued to remain a little bit higher than we'd like it to be. But I think a lot of that is driven by the market demand that we're seeing both with not just competitors but clients and other companies that I think everybody around the world right now is struggling with the shortage of technology talent.
Karen McLoughlin: No, I think I would echo, Joe, what Frank said. And I think just to add to that, the benefit of what we're doing today is that because we are growing, this isn't really about cost cutting. In many cases, this is about cost avoidance and really leveraging the investments that we've already made more effectively, particularly around corporate functions and so forth. And if you think about where we have done some head count reductions, they've been extremely minor. So in 2017 in the summer, we did a voluntary program that it was a few hundred people took that program. This year we did an involuntary program at the senior level that was 200 people, on a basis of 270,000 people plus, that is an absolute nit. So I think as Frank said, this is about getting the organization to think about operational excellence and discipline along with revenue growth, and we think it's a very healthy exercise for us to be going through.
Karen McLoughlin: So, I'll start with the second piece first, Moshe. So on the, what we'd call the long tail accounts, there's been very little revenue impact. Again, this is part of going back to the operating muscle that Frank was just talking about, right, is getting the teams to look at clients where perhaps we're not getting the growth and the margin trajectory that we would like to see and contemplating whether there's truly a strategic relationship there and if not perhaps finding reasonable ways to exit. But the dollars, those are very, very small revenue dollars. And what we tend to see is some of those come with some of the acquisitions we've done in the past where they may have a handful of clients that we would consider strategic clients where we think there's a bigger market opportunity, and then they may have a handful of smaller clients that just won't have the scale to really partner with us in a meaningful way. So that's a constant thing we look at. But the revenue line, it doesn't really have a material impact. In Q4, in the guidance, obviously, we've assumed both the ATG and SaaSfocus deals which closed in October, but those are small, just a few million dollars of revenue. And then we're anticipating that Softvision will close later in the quarter. But again, in terms of Q4 incremental dollars, we expect that that would be very, very small because we get maybe a few weeks of revenue if that going into the quarter. So beyond that, it's just the acquisitions that we've already done, which is primarily Bolder is the biggest one this year which we said is running about $35 million a quarter of revenue. Operator, I think we have time for one more question.
Francisco D'Souza: And, Brian, it's Frank. I'll take the question about succession planning. At this point, there are no changes to my responsibilities or to Raj's responsibilities. You addressed the question to Raj, but I'll take it. As I've said before, succession planning is the responsibility of the board, specifically the Nominating, Governance and Public Affairs Committee of the board and we have not made any announcements on that except that you would have seen an announcement recently that as it relates to the chairman of the board, Michael Patsalos-Fox was elected Cognizant's new chairman. And he's been on the board since July of 2012, has a long history and long background in management technology consulting from his many years at McKinsey, and he succeeds John Klein who was elected to our board back in 1998 and who had served as chairman of the board since December of 2003. John will continue to remain on the board.
Francisco D'Souza: Tien-Tsin, let me talk about – it's Frank. Let me talk a little bit about digital engineering and Softvision in particular. When Softvision closes, we anticipate it to close in Q4, putting Softvision together with Cognizant's existing software engineering capability, we think will create one of the largest software engineering capabilities in the industry. Cognizant already has a very strong software engineering capability that we built largely organically over the years. Part of that has come also from acquisitions that we've done in the past, for example, TriZetto and so on, which came with a strong software engineering DNA. What Softvision will bring to us once it closes is, of course, the 2,800 creative technologists, the base in Romania that we think is a significant source of software engineering talent. And of course, software engineering and digital engineering is the new way of developing software and so we see revenue synergies as we bring that combined Cognizant and Softvision platform to many of our clients across industries, including, as Raj said in his prepared comments, to the financial services industry.
Francisco D'Souza: Keith, let me just – I'll come to that in a second. I just want to go back to the point Karen was making on margin and reiterate the point that Karen made, which is that, we've said that for 2018, we will deliver approximately 21% operating margin, and the way we run the business, as we have in the past and as we have for many, many years is once we've set a target operating margin for a given year or a given period, we take that very seriously. We deliver to that. But then we reinvest back in the business anything above that. So our goal is this year not to, as Karen said, deliver above the approximately 21% that we are targeting for the year. But to reinvest on top of that as we run the business – rather reinvest the excess on top of that back in the business for growth and for the transition that we're going through. And that's sort of the approach to margin. So as Karen said, in any given period, we'll have some operational improvements that drive margin improvement. We'll have some good guys from other parts from other things that may or may not be inside of our control. The way we look at that sort of is a portfolio of drivers of margin which we then use to say how much do we reinvest back in the business for growth and long-term sustainability. Look, I have nothing more to add, Keith, on the issue of succession. Except what I said, as I said, the board is constantly looking at this, that the issue of succession planning is the responsibility of the board, and we are continuing to assess and continue to make plans on the topic. We have nothing to announce at this point, and when the board is ready to make announcements, we'll do that.
Francisco D'Souza: Darrin, it's Frank. I'll take that. I don't see that happening. I continue to see clients investing in technology, investing in digital. As I think Raj said in his prepared comments, I think it's notable that we had the strongest quarter in digital that we've had – excuse in, in retail that we've had in many, many years. If you look at the mix of our clients, another data point that Raj had in his prepared comments is that in the quarter, two of our top 10 clients came from the technology space as opposed to three years ago where all of our top 10 clients were in Financial Services and Healthcare. So we haven't seen a shift in demand in the short-term as a result of the, perhaps, what you're alluding to is the volatility that we've seen over the last month or so. We continue to see just clients sort of doubling down now and saying how do we get to digital at scale and continue to play into that demand as we go into next year.
Francisco D'Souza: So, Lisa, I would say – it's Frank. It's a combination of some of the things that you talked about. I would say we are quite comfortable with the digital portfolio as it is right now, but we'll continue to do acquisitions to strengthen that portfolio of services. Obviously once Softvision closes, that will be an important arrow in the quiver as it relates to digital engineering. The second is the turn, if you will, in banking and financial services. As you saw in this quarter, we were quite pleased with the growth in three of our four segments, which all showed good growth. Financial Services, as Raj said, we see the turn happening in North America where the digital revenue growth is now starting to offset the pressure on the run-the-bank spending. When that turn comes to our clients in the Financial Services clients in the rest of the world, then I think that that will remove a drag from a segment perspective. I would point to those two as the two major factors at this point. And it goes without saying that as we execute against our plan as you've seen for many, many quarters now, the revenue base of the company diversifies away from Financial Services and Healthcare as the other two segments grow faster off a smaller base. And so we view those as large incremental market opportunities in addition to Financial Services and Healthcare that continue to be large opportunities in their own right. So we think that overall there's a big market opportunity. The digital portfolio continues to grow at very healthy rates, and so it's a question of focusing that digital portfolio on the large market opportunity that we have. And then of course the last lever is our global growth. We continue to expand the footprint of the company to markets outside of our traditional markets in North America and Europe, and so the rest of – what we call the rest of the world and Asia Pacific continues to be a focus area for us for growth.
Francisco D'Souza: Good. I think with that, we'll wrap up the call. I want to thank everybody for joining us today and for your questions. And we look forward to speaking with you again in just a couple of weeks here at our Investor Day. Thank you.
Rajeev Mehta: Yeah, Brian. Look, I think overall in terms of head count, look, our global head count increased to about 274,000, up from 268,000 the last quarter. So it's about a net addition of about 5,300. Overall in the year, we were continuing to find good talent in the marketplace in all of our geographies. We hired about 14,000 professionals around the world. And we also have a stated goal of hiring about 25,000 professionals in the U.S. over the next couple of years. So, I think there's a lot of talent in the marketplace. We're obviously addressing some of the attrition. The attrition was a little bit high for us, and we're obviously continuing to investing in cross training our resources, looking at ways of – in terms of employee engagement, retaining talent, looking at ways of also creating new opportunities in terms of job rotation as well to control that. But in terms of the – look, in terms of the mix of the pyramids and geographical split, no major changes. I mean, obviously you'll have certain projects that have some greater on-site component at certain phases of their life cycle but overall no major shifts in terms of onsite and technology delivery. And I think in terms of the margin point that you pointed out, it's important to note, as we continue to hire locally, look, you'll have some resources that will be a little bit more expensive than resources that we have leveraged in the past on visas. But I think overall when you look at it, that the total cost when you include the immigration costs, the travel costs, it's fairly constant, so it doesn't really impact margins significantly, whether you hire individuals locally or leverage (37:40).
Rajeev Mehta: Yeah, Bryan, this is Raj. Look, overall BFSI I think it's still a mix of a couple of different stories going on. Insurance continues to be strong. We're doing really well in the mid-tier banks. It's good to see now that we're starting to see the shift in North America. All of our North American large banking clients – in the last quarter we saw digital really driving a lot of the growth that we've had, and we're seeing good traction in terms of making that shift on the North American based clients where digital is outpacing some of the losses that we have in terms of just to run-the-bank spending that's going on. So I think North America is in good shape. Some of the – I would say a couple of the global banking clients that are outside of North America are the places that we still have some challenges. But I think the good news is we know how to manage that shift, and we expect that over a period of time, those clients as well will significantly start seeing the shift more towards the digital spend.
Rajeev Mehta: Yeah, Jim. So, look, I think it's a little too early right now to start getting into 2019 in terms of the budgets that we have from some of our large clients. The good news is, I mean, based on current trends, it does look – we are optimistic going into next year. Again, as I mentioned right, I think we've made that turn in North America where we're starting to see significant spend start coming in in terms of the digital. I think with especially a lot of the large banking clients, you've had a lot of in-sourcing that has been going on as well, but I think we've managed through that, and we're starting to see growth in all of our large clients. And I think you'll start seeing that going into next year. The challenge, as I mentioned earlier, right, has been some of the banks that are outside of North America as far as headquarters. Again, you're seeing some in-sourcing and some of the run-the-bank spending. But I think the good news is the relationships are very healthy. We continue to win more than our fair share at those banks. And we're still strategic clients at those banks, and I see the same playbook that we used in North America working for us as those banks continues to shift more of their spend towards digital into next year as well.
