Michael D. Hayford: Yes, David, I think that's a very good way to look at it. And again, last quarter, we were in a situation where we had M&I getting ready to migrate over in October and felt we should share with the Street where we were at with that. But we did not have that agreement signed. So as you can see, the outcome of the agreement came up better than we anticipated. The $40 million is a 2013 one-time, the rest of it we anticipate going forward. But as we stated, we lose clients through consolidation of marketplace every year. And every year, we have to refill those buckets. So we feel pretty good about the time we have left to get ready for beyond 2013.
Michael D. Hayford: Well, as you can see, NYCE continues to perform very strong for us. I'd say we still are monitoring what's going on with Visa and some of the actions that they've taken. But the network we have is very competitive. It's very integrated to our product set, and we continue to get a lot of questions on how NYCE is performing, and NYCE is performing very well.
Michael D. Hayford: Well, again, Ashwin, we -- our revenue is tracking very strong, as you can see, through 3 quarters we're at the high end of our 3% to 5% range. I think if you keep in mind in the last quarter, we adjusted our EPS for the divestiture healthcare, so that $0.07 came out. And then we turned around and bumped it up for primarily for some tax. So we've already bumped it up $0.05, if you look at it that way. I think we feel good about where we're going to be on earnings in the middle of the range. You can see it's putting some money back into the business, but we're pretty excited about the revenue of strength that we've seen now for 8 quarters. And again, we got a good headstart on where we're going to end up for the full year.
Michael D. Hayford: Well, that comes in 2 components. One is there's some project work related to some of the activities that we're undertaking. And then we do believe that, on an ongoing basis, our level of spending in information security and, to some degree as well, the risk management area will be higher going forward than it has been in the past. I think when we finalize our budget and sit down and talk about '13, we'll give you a sense of where that spend will be for '13. But we've got -- as you can see, a lot of activities going on in that area. And we anticipated that spend in the second half of the year being a little higher than the first half.
Michael D. Hayford: Yes, Ashwin. Well, keep in mind, the number that we gave you would being new sales of new revenue, not renewals. But so it would include the new sales within BMO. So the reality is we saw just strong rebound in the quarter. I mean, we told you in the second quarter we thought we would have some bleed over from the second quarter. We saw those deals get signed, and we saw a very, very nice rebound over second quarter and then year-over-year.
Michael D. Hayford: Yes, I mean, as Gary said, Capco is performing very strong stand-alone, just by itself. And now we just see the significant opportunities we have as being part of the total FIS family.
Michael D. Hayford: No. I -- we'll still be -- I would expect that when we sit down in '13, we'll give you specific numbers. But the long term being the full year range that we gave you back in February, is kind of our look at what the current environment will give us in terms of top line growth, margin expansion and EPS growth. And as I said before, we're still very comfortable that we'll continue to be in those ranges. When you give a kind of long-term outlook like that, nothing ever happens exactly how you'd expect it. But given the size and the diversity of our company, we're able to adjust and make up any challenges that we have. So sitting here today, as we said, we're still very comfortable with where we're going to be.
Michael D. Hayford: Well, let's take your first question. PayNet, as we shared with you, we've already got over 100 clients running in pilot today. We'll roll additional functionality through that solution. We'll continue to have -- to bring on customers and expand the network through 2013. And, yes, you'll -- we'll start seeing some revenue contribution in 2013, and that's going to grow in 2014 and beyond. We think it's got potential to be -- to produce some fairly sizable revenue. As far as the comparisons to other solutions, we think we have a very competitive offering. We're very confident, the things that we're going to be able to do with PayNet, and so we think we'll be very competitive in the industry. As far as competing with Visa and some of the schemes, we're, once again, not sure. The reality is we'll just continue to compete on the strength of our product and through our sales engine, and cross-sell and drive value to our clients. And that's, frankly, how we think about all of our solutions that we roll out.
Michael D. Hayford: Right. So that $40 million of the term and settlement fees, I don't think it'll be evenly spread throughout 4 quarters, but you'll see it hit all 4 quarters across 2013.
Michael D. Hayford: We're confident because we've had nice growth in '12 over '11, so it makes you feel more optimistic going forward.
Michael D. Hayford: Tim, you might see us do more buildout in our partnership in this space. And one of the reasons why it's probably underinvested as a whole is it's harder to make money in the B2B space, that's why we don't see as many competitors. So I think we have some very good underlying technology to get back to real-time transactions. And whether we would look at acquiring or building or maybe even more, like I said, partnering with people. But that -- this is an area that we think is going to have some investment dollars over the next few years.
Michael D. Hayford: Well, we had called out last call, in the second quarter call, that we had a large client, that happens to be a large legacy funds client that had been with us for a long period of time. And they, quite frankly, had been in the process of deconverting literally for years. And they left our platform in the second quarter, so we knew that would be a hit for us in the third and fourth quarter, so we didn't give a specific number. But you can see that in the results that growth went down a little bit at linked quarters.
Michael D. Hayford: Yes, no, that's a great question. This is part of all the financial inclusion that's going on within India. The good news is, Tien-Tsin, we've got a very strong business that exists in India today that has shown very nice growth over the last several years. So we're not stepping into this with, we would consider, incorrect expectations. There are some assumptions on transaction and volume growth, but we think, from multiple years of experience we had, that we certainly can hit our financial numbers that we talked about in the call. As I shared, the contracts are done. We'll be rolling those out over the next couple of years on top of our existing business. So we're very comfortable that the growth factor we disclosed will be there.
Michael D. Hayford: Yes, I don't know if I get to mention the '13 at this time. I mean, you can see the last 2 years, the team has done a really good job with margins in PSG, in an environment that has a relatively low growth. So they look at how we end up '12. You can see, as we look at the second half, it's a little more challenging in the first half on the revenue, but the earnings are still pretty solid in there. And as we look at '13, we'll have to go through that business and see what kind of growth we can get. And then as you've seen Gary and the team do in past years, if we don't have the top line growth, I'm sure we'll find ways to get the bottom line expansion.
Michael D. Hayford: Yes, I think you'll get all the detail in the Q when it comes out later this week. But it's $298 million, is where we ended up the count, fully diluted.
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I mean, it is a business that's got a secular decline in the payments, which we see both in that check verification business, as well as our item processing. But there's -- it's a business that, as you know, we've looked in the past. We continue to get pretty good margins out of it. And even though the revenues have continued to decline, the teams have been able to just improving the algorithms, improving the process to maintain the profits. So it's one of those situations where I don't think somebody is going to come in and look at writing us a big enough check based on the money we're going to take out of that the next few years.
Michael D. Hayford: No, no. That was a, I think, the related payment was a deconversion that occurred towards the end of the second quarter and impacted the third quarter and will also impact fourth quarter in payments.
Michael D. Hayford: It might be a little bit higher than 50 basis points on the revenue side, but probably in that neighborhood, between 50 and 100 would be the revenue impact, depending on how much professional services would be pulled through.
Michael D. Hayford: And then, finally, how we integrated all our products. That was key to our success of what we're integrating in all our product lines.
Frank R. Martire: David, we are -- this is Frank. We are very pleased with the results, but as important now with our strong relationship with Bank of Montreal. We're pretty excited about the future.
Frank R. Martire: Yes, that's exactly right, Dave. I mean, we're seeing strong transaction growth. But as Mike points out, keep in mind, our sales are up significantly for the year, and so -- across the entire company. And when you think about NYCE, we're seeing good cross-sales into our existing customers. And so we're seeing nice growth for it. As we've shared with you in past quarters, VPN has been an issue, but we have some strategies, as well, that helps address that. So we're confident in that group continuing to perform.
Frank R. Martire: It's actually -- and I think BMO signed in early October, so it wouldn't include -- now when I think about it, it would not include that number. So it was a very strong quarter for sales, not only in North America but across the spectrum.
Frank R. Martire: Yes, I mean, again, I -- our long-term expectation in that range, we've laid out 36 basis points of margin expansion. We would anticipate we will continue to execute against that. You can see this year, we're still 40 to 80. You can see the level of spending we're putting back into that particular area. But our long-term numbers are still intact.
Frank R. Martire: Yes, Brett, I mean, we've talked about this on a number of calls. I'll tell you, Capco is really paying off for us across all front. As you said, they're performing exceptionally well both in Europe and North America. So the growth is there, the margin expansion's there. All I can say is the level of conversations we're having this year at this point in time are far greater than where we were a year ago. The types of conversations we're having in very large financial institutions, not only around core banking but services and payments and how to bring our capabilities, are exciting. So we think Capco has already turned out to be a success for us, and we think in the near term, you're going to see us sign some business that are very complementarity as a result of this combination.
Frank R. Martire: Well, I can tell you, we've said this on a number of calls. We're definitely seeing deal elongation. I mean, it takes longer to get these deals closed. So yes, we did see slippage in Q2, and the results of that were quickly in Q3, we were able to pick up a number of those. So the decisions are being made as evidenced by our sales success, not only within North America but abroad. But it is taking longer to get these deals done. They're more complex, they're bigger. But as we shared in the opening comments, we are seeing our clients look to leverage innovative solutions to help drive their costs down and become more efficient and compete. So the decisions are out there, but definitely, we see some slippage from time to time. And that's what happened in Q2.
Frank R. Martire: It's going to be an FI-centric solution, but they'll have some merchant components to it as well. So we're pleased with what we've developed.
Frank R. Martire: We do -- a lot there, I mean, first, no, we're not actually doing the card processing for Bluebird for AmEx. We are doing, as we shared, a lot of the mobile capabilities, doing a lot of the back-office, BPO-type of services work around that. When you think about prepaid both within North America and abroad, we do have extensive capabilities for prepaid outside of the U.S., and we're seeing very strong growth of that business in Europe. We're also partnered with American Express on a number of their gift card programs. So we're seeing good solid growth within North America as far as demand goes, but also in the international markets as well.
Gary A. Norcross: This is Gary. We're very excited about that. That was a very competitive win. There was a formal auction process. We won 2 large circles at a really premium rate. Those will be coming over. The overall deal is 7 years in nature. Keep in mind, we have an existing business there that's already growing very nicely, so this layers on. But we'll be coming up to speed over the next several years installing those ATMs, and then the adoption will come around but -- and we'll see growth over the next 3 to 4 years to those numbers.
Gary A. Norcross: And, Brett, as you mentioned, we are very focused on the investment class in this area. And we think it's going to be the new normal, and it's going to be required in order to compete in the market. And we've always taken a long-term view of the market. And we've always invested heavily to be able to be as competitive as possible. So we think it will be a differentiator for us in the future.
Gary A. Norcross: No, no, I'm sorry, if I did, I misspoke. Absolutely, we're very comfortable that 2012 total contract value in new sales will exceed 2011. We're up through the first 9 months globally. We brought an issue in the second quarter because we saw a dip in North American financial institutions. We saw that recover in Q3, which was what we expected. As you can see, we've already signed BMO in the quarter in October, so we're very comfortable that our total contract sales will exceed our 2011 results.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, Bryan, yes, as we adjust every quarter, we adjust out our paper-based businesses, so we are seeing some growth in the business. We're seeing great margin expansion, which shows the flexibility of our model. We have a huge Payment business, so the reality is a number of our areas like bill payment and then some of those areas are seeing very good growth, some of the things that we're doing around mobile payments. But we feel like our Payments business going forward is going to be, at least sort of next year or so, mid- to low-single-digit top line. But we think we'll get very strong organic growth. So we're pleased with how the business is performing. And you see some of the examples of like the growth that Mike highlighted around NYCE this quarter.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, well, as we shared within North American financial institutions, we saw a rebound from second quarter to the third, and we saw a year-over-year growth and also sequential quarter growth. And that really was on the strength of a lot of our core banking and payments technologies in the U.S. And the international markets, depending on what region of the world you're talking about, we're seeing good sales and expansion through core, through payments, like the India is a huge win for us, and so that's driving a lot of revenue growth. We're also seeing some nice expansion around our services businesses, IP services in North America. So really, there's -- those are the primary areas that are ahead for the year.
Gary A. Norcross: I don't -- obviously, we'll give you 2013 guidance later. But we're very confident with our pipeline. We had a strong sales year last year. We're exceeding that growth this year as far as new sales go. Obviously, we need that level of sales to continue to push the company and drive on the top end, high recurring revenue and organic growth. So we're confident that we'll be able to push into next year like we did last year.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, when we're looking to build out capabilities, Tim, I mean, obviously, we're wanting to hit the multiple markets that exist. So we certainly want to think about our payments and our innovation to drive not only personal but also business electronic adoption. And as one of the nice things about our company is we've built such a breadth of portfolio of solution that we're able to package more creatively and address those markets. So we think about them differently because they do take different solutions. I mean, PayNet, is certainly an opportunity for us to move, as I shared with you some of the ideas around P2P and some of the things we're doing to transfer over that network. But we're also doing a lot of payment activities around B2B as well. But so we think about our capabilities depending on the market we're going on and make the investments where we think we can get the most growth, that's also not only going to drive the most revenue but also the most profit expansion for us.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, tuck-in acquisitions will always play in our strategy. As Mike mentioned, we've done 3 acquisitions this year. We think it's an important component. But do we have the ability to expand the markets? We always evaluate markets to see, is there really a potential to monetize our sales force. I mean, we have one of the largest sales forces in the industry. We also have one of the largest investments from a capital standpoint back into our products each and every year. So those 2 come together in concert, and we make sure we're making the investments where we think can drive the most growth for the company. So can we go tackle B2B? We would agree with you, it's a very paper-intensive market. Certainly, as we see that market evolve, what we will certainly -- if there's a business -- if there's an opportunity for us to take advantage of it, we will, as we've shown over the last several quarters of performance.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, I -- we certainly had a confidential regulatory letter go out where we certainly feel like we've addressed or are addressing that process with our clients. We're communicating very openly with them. We continue to work with our clients, and I would say the results speak for themselves from a sales standpoint. We were concerned in Q2 that it might be having some impact. We saw that rebound nicely in Q3. So at this point in time, we're continuing to move forward and just work with our clients and sell the best solution we can.
Gary A. Norcross: And, David, that's something we do every year. Gary does that consistently year after year. We look at our growth potential, and we're realistic about it. And then if we have to optimize or do something on the expense side, we take action and we do it.
Gary A. Norcross: We've got a fantastic relationship down there, David, and it continues to perform very nicely. We saw some nice growth there this quarter, and then we highlighted it in the call. I would tell you, the relationship can't be stronger as Bradesco continues to grow, the joint venture will definitely be the recipient of that. The question is whether ELO's going to take off. There's a number of interesting things going on in Brazil, and it's hard to predict what the adoption rate or some of those are going to be. But we're very comfortable with the position we have in Brazil. We're the largest third-party processor in the country, and we're very pleased with that business.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, we're having some very nice wins in bill payment. And we're seeing good growth, not only top, bottom line, but also in transaction volumes. So that's driving, not only from adoption with the existing clients, but also good cross-sales. We shared with you guys over the last couple of years, we made a lot of investments in bill payment over the years. We've got a very competitive offering there, and we're real pleased with what the team is accomplishing this year.
Gary A. Norcross: No, we'll see some capital requirements. That's pretty typical of that business. But as we've shared in the comments, I mean, we think it's very accretive to our overall international business and the way it's operating today.
Gary A. Norcross: We did. We've already completed that. We've completed not only the core conversion, which is an application management engagement, but we also completed all those ancillary services that we talked about in the script. We've converted those, as well, on a combined basis so...
Gary A. Norcross: No, not at all. I mean, the reality is, we've talked about this on multiple calls, the swing towards not only outsourcing but the packaging of services augment a particular product through an outsourced engagement is really occurring in quite a dramatic way. So that revenue comes online, however, in some instances, even faster if it's some type of services engagement. But that the onboarding of that revenue is typically about -- they're about the same length. The reality is our clients, we saw some pent-up demand because of the economy. We're now seeing that free up. They're making some decisions. But I would say the -- obviously, the economy is pushing some of the elongation out, but frankly, just the complexity of the overall solution. When you look at some of those things we referenced, like Bremmer, there's not too many banks that size in North America that are going to make a decision to convert off their income in core and then bring all of those additional services in a big bang approach. BMO Harris is a great example, as well. We converted all of that single system. It took us a long time to negotiate that agreement right up to the time we actually did the conversion. So at the end of the day, I think the revenue comes on in very much the same way.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, we're pretty pleased with the team. I think all of us are. We think the opportunity to continue to grow is there, frankly. When you look at the assets that we assembled over the last 10 years, how we've bought together those assets, the innovation that we've wrapped around them and invested in, we think it puts us in a very different place. When you augment that with what we're doing abroad in our international markets, it's a very complementary mix that has allowed, as Frank and Mike highlighted, very nice organic growth, 7 out of the last 8 quarters, so over 5%. So at the end of the day, we're comfortable that we can continue to grow the business. We're comfortable that we got the team that can execute, the sales team and the operational team. We obviously got to keep innovating and keep making sure we're making the investments, do tuck-in acquisitions that make sense and allow it to come through our sales force.
