Stephanie Ferris: Yes, Dave, thank you. This is Stephanie. I’ll take that. So I think – look, I think Merchant, if you look at 2022 over 2019, it’s been a mid-single-digit grower consistently. It’s been pretty consistent quarter-over-quarter. Let’s break down what’s in here in terms of thinking about what’s strategic for us and then what we strategically are deprioritizing. So if you think about the business broadly, as you know, we are one of the largest global e-commerce providers. That is, by far and away, our most strategic piece of the business along with being a large-scale enterprise card-present provider in the U.S., which provides the scale we need to continue to really drive a lot of market share gains. Given the post pandemic, given the structural shifts in the industry, we are seeing significant changes in our SMB portfolio. And we’re strategically deprioritizing it and moving all of those partners that we’ve historically had there over to our embedded payment strategy with Worldpay for Platforms. So the way we see the world as we go forward is, we have been and will continue to be a mid-single-digit grower. You will see us continue to add and drive growth in our e-commerce segment, which, as you know, has a higher growth part of the portfolio. We are pivoting our strategy from card-present SMB to card not present SMB. And over time, that mix shift will take the e-commerce piece of this business upwards of 45% to 50% of the total portfolio and then should pivot the business back to a higher growth rate.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Good morning. I’ll answer that. Don’t know yet. So we are aggressively going after, as we talked about, both operating expenses. As Gary mentioned, we’re at the end of our investment cycle. As you guys know, we’ve made significant investments in modernization in our products across capital markets, banking and merchant. Those investments yielded very, very significant and positive momentum in terms of products sitting market at the right demand. But as a natural cycle, it makes sense now for us to take the capital investment in those down. So we’re going very active around the reduction and reallocation of capital or operating expenses, as Erik mentioned on the call, we are experiencing some significant increase in inflationary and then and then nonrecurring. Overall, we’re really looking at driving as much of the $500 million in cash flow and improving our cash flow margins in 2023. But I just don’t yet have how much that’s going to impact in ‘23 versus coming into 2024, we’re pushing into 2023. And I don’t have a feel for you yet on OpEx, CapEx, etcetera. We will come back to you in the fourth quarter because we’re just detailed planning and actions happening now.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, Darrin, thanks for the question. Absolutely. We have strength, I would say, here at FIS in two things: one, which is being very strong portfolio managers and making sure that we divest underperforming businesses, reallocate capital, etcetera, as well as strategically, I think we’ve been a really, really good strategic provider of M&A. So just looking at that, as I come and Erik and I come into the business, we are doing a full-scale review, top to bottom in terms of what we think we should be doing. Although that being said, I believe, strategically, it’s really important for these three segments to be together on one platform. So you’re not going to look to see us do any big, large transaction either buy or sell. What we’re really focused on right now is making sure we focus on the underlying cost structure of the company, getting the capital allocation correct, simplifying the operating model, you might see us look at things like getting out of certain countries where we don’t think we’re getting the right return, selling certain small areas of our business that we think would be better suited with someone else. But strategically, we believe, in these assets being together. And why we do is because of the ability for us to cross-sell products across segments. So that being said, we are always prudent allocators of capital. We always focus on value creation. And so we always will continue to look at that. But what we’re really focused on over the next two quarters is driving out the costs we need to drive to make sure that we can really return the operating leverage and the cash flow of the company.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. No, listen, how about I give some color commentary and then Erik can add on a few things I didn’t get enough there. But I would say demand continues to be really strong, both in banking and capital markets. The investments we made to modernize the products also the financial institution market broadly is – continues to be very significantly spending on digitization and omni-channel capabilities that they need and our solutions meet those needs at the perfect time. So the demand continues to be really high. What we’re seeing, and we started seeing it in the second quarter, and we flagged it is just elongating sales cycles. And so that’s why we’re somewhat calling the macro here. We’re seeing financial institutions taking longer to make decisions. We’re not seeing that they don’t like the products. They certainly like the products, but we are seeing decisions slow. And as we saw a decision slow in second quarter and then third quarter, we have great visibility. We have a great pipeline. It’s very strong. But we’re becoming a little bit challenged in terms of the transparency of when those are going to close. And I think that’s just the financial institution market being a little prudent with what they are seeing across the economy. So I would say the demand there continues to be strong. What we’re calling out for you is a bit of the macro in terms of how we’re seeing people behave.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. So, I will take them. The UK is 15% of Worldpay. So, I don’t consider it a Worldpay base. Actually, I would consider the Worldpay business broadly North American-based. If you think about it, there is really – there is a North American portfolio, which is primarily large card present enterprise. And then a lot of our global e-commerce is also in North America, as you would expect, given the size of the market. So, the UK piece of it is 15%. You are right, it is a very challenging economic time there. I mean we gave a guide in second quarter 90 days ago, we thought – we felt pretty good about considering what was going – what was happening in a recession there, and then they changed Prime Ministers at least once, maybe twice. And so the economic conditions in the UK are pretty challenging. And as we look out even over the next 60 days, it’s tough to call it. They are in a recession, their consumers are struggling, and we are tied to consumer spend. So, as that goes up and down, it is a high-margin business, just like payment processing. So, in terms of costs, our $500 million of cost program is broad-based. Of course, we are looking at the UK, but it is really so small. We really couldn’t make the margin expand just on the UK, but we are very conscious of the business there. And what you will never see us do is make cuts such that we will impair the ability for the business to grow or it will impact our customers. So, I would say that enterprise transformation program is just that. It’s enterprise-wide. And we will be focusing on everything across our entire global portfolio.
Stephanie Ferris: I mean I think the – so that’s our card-present portfolio to think about that being primarily terminal-based ISO book, ISV book. I would say for us, it’s probably largely us on – from a market perspective in terms of we are strategically pivoting that business to our platforms business. So, an omni card not present capability. So, that piece of our business, whether it’s our ISO business or ISV business, we are strategically pivoting away from that. It’s just not a high-growth business for us. And we want to be in SMB via platforms and more focused on e-commerce. So, I would say the number is probably more us than the broad market.
Stephanie Ferris: So, Tien-tsin, I would say we are even more bullish about it. So, I think we have evolved this a bit. You are right, we have super users. I mean if you look at our top 200 clients across the enterprise, the majority of them have some sort of product out across all three segments, which is really encouraging. And when we go out and talk to, for example, whether it’s a large technology provider in our global e-commerce book or we are talking to the largest grocery retailer and the CEO, all of them are really looking at us and talking to us about not just about the payments piece, but about financial services. And if you think about what’s happening in the world broadly, we are seeing financial services continue the evolution to the – almost to the point of transaction and embedding in every transaction that we are doing. And so our broad breadth of capabilities resonate across all of our segments and large customers. And so we are formalizing it into what we are calling our Amplify opportunity. We will be back on it more in the fourth quarter, giving a lot more view towards size and absolutely, we are goaling it, and we are seeing some initial success. It’s one of the reasons why I am very excited about the opportunity. We have a very significant opportunity to drive incremental revenue growth by doing more of it. And so I don’t know that it’s evolving other than we continue to be very excited about it.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Great question. We are absolutely shifting to via our embedded payment strategy to deliver capabilities, both payments and financial services through our platform structure. That was the significant reason behind buying the Payrix asset. So, that asset enables us to not only embed payments, but also embed financial services to think embedded finance. So, that’s the strategic pivot that we are embarking upon. And Tien-tsin, your point is exactly right. So, we have embedded payments today. We have the three biggest capabilities people want into those SMBs through the platforms, which is issuing as a service, deposit taking as a service and lending as a service because we have the technology already that we are integrating into the Worldpay for Platform. And then we have the FIS that sit behind it that will deploy their balance sheet. So, if you think about it from our standpoint, we have been historically the infrastructure as a service provider. That’s effectively where we have kind of sat in the ecosystem to be that with respect to SMBs, whether it’s embedded in software or in platforms, you have to have three things. You have to have the global e-commerce capability, you have to have a platform that will enable it and then you ultimately have to be able to provide the financial service capability. What we are not going to do is use our own balance sheet, but because of the connectivity we have to the financial institutions. We think we are uniquely positioned because we have the technology can tap into their balance sheet. So, you are exactly right. We are embarking on a platform strategy here. We believe we have the components and the components were already organically building. So, it’s not a huge build for us. The big strategic piece was getting the platform that we bought through Payrix and now it’s enabling all the capabilities we already have.
Stephanie Ferris: Well, thanks for the question, Lisa. So, thinking about from my standpoint, first, we are going to continue to do what FIS has its strength in, which is deliver best-in-class products and services across our customer base. But in terms of thinking about how to do that differently, possibly over the next 12 months to 24 months, is continuing to pivot to a platform strategy to drive incremental cross-sell and revenue growth either through Amplify, which is taking our existing products and selling them across our existing segments or as I just described, pivoting to in the Worldpay space or in the payment space, not only embedded payments, but also embedded finance. But probably most importantly, over the next 6 months to 12 months, you are going to see us really focus on the operating model and the underlying cost structure of the company, really focused on value creation and how we make sure that the operating model and cash flow conversion continues to be best-in-class, like FIS has been. And once we get the operating expenses and capital expenditures and free cash flow back where we want it to be, I think then you will see us start to think about where do we want to return capital. And to Gary’s point, really go back to looking at M&A, which is a strategic strength of ours. And given our balance sheet, given our strength, given where we think we will be in the marketplace after we have made some really, really significant improvements on the cost structure, I think you would see us then start to look at redeploying cash for M&A. So, that’s how I think about where I am focused and Erik is focused over the next 18 months to 24 months.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. So, it is literally just that. So, as Gary mentioned in his prepared remarks, we have made significant investments over the last 5 years in data center consolidation, modern banking platform, P1, new acquiring platform, access Worldpay, clear derivatives products. I mean so we have made investments in all of the segments and their products. They are now in market. Demand is high. We are seeing a big great uptake in them. So, it’s just at the end of a natural cycle for us to start bringing a lot of that investment down to more normalized levels. So, that’s the first thing we are doing. And honestly, as much as I would say, it’s not that hard because it is at the end of a normal investment cycle. So, we are pulling those down. Now, you are exactly right. We are investing and making sure that we are focused on value creation and investing some of it, definitely not all of it. Some of it back into making sure that we have all the capital we need to strategically grow our platforms business, etcetera. But it is not nearly the heavy investment that we have been making. And so you will see us bring down to normal levels and then reallocate into where we see growth in the businesses over the next 12 months to 24 months, but we wouldn’t expect to need 9% of revenue capital expenditures going forward. Not yet ready to call where we think it will end up, but we would see it significantly coming down over time.
Stephanie Ferris: Sure. Happy to give some color on that. I think what I just spoke about, which is just the natural evolution of the capital expenditure coming down is fairly low-hanging fruit for us in terms of thinking about bringing that down to normalized levels. The second is around vendor spend. So, as we brought the company together, as you can expect, we have great prudent capabilities around vendors. But given the inflationary pressures that we have coming through us, we can continue to be very proactive around our vendors and making sure that we are offsetting our inflated costs there. So, we see a lot of opportunity in vendor spend. And then we are really looking hard at duplication of activities across operating segments, cost containment and then really looking at the work first broadly. And then obviously, we operate – we are a global company. We operate in a lot of countries around the world, so rationalizing if we need and want to be in all those countries. But those are some of the high-level things we are looking at.
Erik Hoag: David, it’s Erik. Yes, I think that’s a fair way to think about it. As I think about the third quarter margins, really two predominant drivers here. One is continued investment in emerging channels, which would be geographies and Payrix as well as broad-based macro impacts where we’re seeing revenue come down at very high incremental margins, which would include the UK and Russia, Ukraine.
Erik Hoag: Jason, that is a fair way to think about it. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we’re not going to get deep into the operational performance in for 2023 and beyond. But referencing back to the sell-side lunch. I believe that there were the four things that we – the four key points that we talked about during that session, I think, are still very, very relevant. The macro continues to be a challenge for us, we’re focused on spending across both operating expense, capital expenditures as well as one-time items as well. We wanted to ensure that we’ve got some visibility into 2023 for interest expense. And then lastly, we’ve got ongoing commitment associated with excess free cash flow going to repurchase.
Erik Hoag: Hey Ramsey. I think you are thinking about it right. There is nothing structural in our model that would lead us to believe that it’s anything other than one-time in nature.
Gary Norcross: Darrin, let me add just one thing there. I mean you did also ask about future M&A. We fundamentally do believe we’re heading into a macro environment of softening. The reality is, historically, you wouldn’t do M&A going into that macro environment downturn, you would do M&A when you see the trough and you’re starting to come out. That’s when the valuations will be at their lowest level and that would be the opportunity. So one of things we’re doing is we talk about fortifying the balance sheet is just that, right? It really puts us in a position to evaluate – is there going to be an economic recession or not, how deep, how long but then it will give the team an opportunity given that balance sheet to take advantage of that based on if and when that occurs and when they see the trough and the recovery. So I just wanted to share that.
Gary Norcross: Let me add a little bit to that, Darrin. I was on with what, three different CEOs yesterday alone talking through what they are seeing in the market, what’s going on with our relationship, etcetera. It’s interesting. I’ve never really seen the banking industry stronger. You are seeing massive interest rate increases, so their NIMs expanding. So profitability is going way up. You’re seeing their credit quality very strong. I actually had on all three separate occasions, the comment of what is everybody else seeing that we are not. And it’s causing them to pause because they are just – the reality is they are concerned that, well, maybe there is something we don’t know. And so we have seen this in the past. It’s not a demand issue, but that’s what’s elongating the sales cycle. So, something that might have taken 90 days to close, might take 180 days, because they are just cautious rightfully so, even though they are having a very, very strong profitability and strong growth. They are just concerned with the rhetoric in the market. And you saw the equity market yesterday how it responded to the latest interest rates, right. We continue to say it’s baked in and then there is messaging that occurs and you see the decline. All of that makes very prudent business leaders, just take a little more time in decisioning. And that’s what we are seeing. But that demand is very strong and very good, and our products are very well timed.
Gary Norcross: Yes. I would just add one – I would add one thing to it, Tien-tsin. I mean you used the concept super app. So, I want to be real careful. We would view a super user different than a super app, super app would dictate that we are going to do large development. This is simply taking the success that we had with the Worldpay integration of cross-sales and amplifying that up to the next level. So, starting to think about our really large customers across all of FIS, not within the traditional segments they housed. And Stephanie is absolutely all over driving the sales team and incenting that behavior to drive cross-sales in a more fundamental way. Our large enterprise customers, the reality is most of them need the capabilities in all three segments, not just one segment they are in. So, there is not a large development effort here. There is not a large spend effort here. There is a focused incentive that Stephanie is driving.
Gary Norcross: Yes. That was the only add I was going to have, and Stephanie just hit it, Tien-tsin. I mean Erik referenced, I mean some of the margin pressure we are seeing in merchant is related to investment in the platform. So, let’s not – but it’s all organic internally on a well-established base. So, the products done very, very well. We are seeing very, very strong growth. It’s early days, but it’s certainly a key component to the future of the overall merchant business, but it will be organically funded.
Gary Norcross: Thank you. In closing, I would like to share that it has been a privilege to have served this company for more than 34 years, including serving as CEO since 2015. The company we have built is made to withstand an uncertain economic backdrop, and we will continue to build upon our leading position across the markets we serve. I look forward to staying actively engaged as Executive Chairman as we embark on the next chapter of FIS. Thank you to our 65,000 colleagues for your dedication to our clients. At FIS, we will continue to advance the way [Technical Difficulty]. Thank you for joining the call today.
