Gary Norcross: Thank you, Nate. Good morning and thank you for joining us. I'm pleased to announce our fourth quarter and full year results starting on Slide 5. 2020 was an unprecedented year for the world and for FIS. With the COVID-19 pandemic impacting the world on a human as well as on economic level. Despite the extraordinary year, we leveraged our scale and resources to keep the global economy running while delivering solid results. We generated $12.6 billion dollars in revenue as our balanced solution portfolio allowed us to offset weaker consumer spending trends with strong demand for our Banking Capital Market Solutions. As we close out 2020, all three of our business segments ended the year with record annual sales. Continue to improve that our solutions and technologies are winning share around the globe. Our backlog grew 7% organically to $22 billion. This gives us exceptional visibility into our future growth trajectory and drives our confidence in accelerating organic revenue growth for our Banking and Capital Market segments. From a merchant perspective given the accelerating rollout of COVID vaccines globally and improving trends and economic indicators, we are confident we will see strong merchant revenue acceleration throughout 2021. Our team continues to execute at the highest level as demonstrated by our ability to expand adjusted EBITDA margins by 120 basis points for the full year, despite near-term COVID challenges. We also made great progress with the Worldpay integration remaining well ahead of plan and exited the year generating more than $200 million in revenue synergies, and more than $750 million in cost synergies. With this impressive momentum, we are excited to build on our strengths as we look ahead to accelerating organic revenue growth in 2021.
Gary Norcross: Yes, Jason. Gary here. That's a great question. We're very confident and accelerating growth in the banking channel. It's clear, when you look at the backlog, you've seen acceleration over the last several quarters, which is a testament to our -- to the sales engine closing a business. So now as we enter into this year, it's really all about implementing that backlog and getting it stood up. I thought it was important to let everybody know that for example, the Modern Banking Platform, we had three deals already go live this year, which is a good testament of that platform. It's now end market processing. Obviously we've got a lot of sales behind that, that are in the implementation cycle and continue to progress. But we feel good about where we are, we're not, it's hard to predict termination fees at this point, but we see no indications that we're going to challenge this with termination fees or growing over a termination fee. So I think it's just going to be good execution on behalf of Banking through the implementation channel. Obviously, we want to continue to have our sales engine, continue to add into that backlog, so that growth acceleration maintains going into 2022, but we feel good about 2021.
Gary Norcross: Yes, George. A great question and I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Bruce. I think you're hitting a very important point. We were well ahead of the cloud migration as you remember going back five years ago, where we started moving and enabling our capabilities in the cloud and taking advantage of that. And the advantage in the market was certainly resiliency, availability, speed, etcetera. A big advantage to us was lowering our overall cost. We then started three years ago of building cloud-native applications to sit on the technology framework. And what you're seeing there is a totally different paradigm shift and you are starting to see some start-ups in the market, but I would say we're well ahead, whether it's our Modern Banking Platform, our Code Connect platform, Our Digital One all of those are about enabling speed, lowering overall cost being able to deploy in more componentized architecture and really take advantage of the cloud.
Gary Norcross: Yes, I think it's a great question. And I think Woody tried to address that and some of the capital allocation in the prepared remarks. As you think about it M&A is going to continue to be important pillar in our strategy. We're going to continue to look for things that will accelerate our growth further from where we are today. Large transformational M&A where we think we're extremely good at integrating those kind of companies. You see the success rate we've had now with well over $740 million of cost out of Worldpay and over $200 million in revenue at this point. So, we think there is a way to drive scale and drive complements to that. As we think about it, our aperture can be pretty wide. Our diversification of revenues, an important differentiator for us. You've seen us actually do very well against our peer group in the middle of a COVID, in the middle of the pandemic, which is all due to that diversification of revenue. So opening our aperture and looking for things that may be could drive those kind of benefits, I just described would be important. But we -- also to Bruce's point earlier given our investment in innovation, given our investment in technology, our ability to launch new product and capability, we don't have to do M&A, to continue to grow. But if we could find some that accelerates our growth, brings the necessary scale that we're looking for, additive scale, that's our ability to take out costs integrate that company absolutely we would do another M&A transaction.
Gary Norcross: Yes, and let me add a little color on that, Darren. I mean if you think about our investment strategy, we obviously have concluded data center consolidation, which was very successful and we've talked about that a lot. Now it's our opportunity to really move to the next evolution of our technology. And so as Woody talked about, we'll be investing in our businesses not only a new product that actually Bruce brought up and deploying more new products faster in the market, which is going to be very important. We have a really unique opportunity to now start consolidating our platforms and getting significant cost down. So we're very confident and continue to accelerate that 50 bps and 100 bps beyond this year, all while maintaining what we would view is really industry-leading investment back in innovation and growth. And so we've been able to maintain that balance throughout the data center consolidation and we would expect that to be no different with this next wave, but very comfortable and continued margin expansion on an ongoing basis.
Gary Norcross: I think our preference would be the one that drives the most shareholder value at the end of the day, right? Something that fills the gap and our capability, brings the necessary scale that we would need in a particular area that we're focused on. I think that can be translated into whether it's tuck-in or large transformational M&A. I also would tell you we also, we've been pretty disciplined in our approach over the years, right. So this is not a company that has to do M&A, in order to continue to grow and accelerate. And you see that with our guide. When we did the Worldpay combination, we got into 79% growth. And this year we're going to be in that range and obviously, we feel comfortable we can maintain in that range going even into 2022 and beyond with margin expansion based on things we've talked about. So, we'll continue to look at things that makes sense for the company. Things that drive scale, things that fill in product, things that we see perhaps that market is moving in a direction where we think doing some type of M&A activity will be faster and thus building it ourselves, all of that will be taken into consideration and making sure that it drives the appropriate shareholder returns.
Gary Norcross: Yes significant indicator of that, David, was I mentioned in the Top 100 financial institutions. We saw a 23% increase in cross-sell, that's significant for the, for the year. And continuing to see that from a pipeline standpoint. So obviously we've really differentiate ourself in the large end of the market in Banking. And that level of cross-sell given the product, new product capability that Bruce and the team are bringing online is, it continues to be very important indicator.
Gary Norcross: Yes, I think, two things really rolled into the fourth quarter, Dave, where volume in non-discretionary continue to increase, which carries a lower yield as we described in the prepared materials. The combination of lower travel into Q4, which we saw even lower travel into Q4 and the very tight lockdown in the UK, which impacted retail and restaurant in the UK, certainly we saw impact from that in the fourth quarter that continues to show that separation. If you remember, we saw yields in the second quarter, move away from volumes. We saw those come back some in the third quarters as economy reopened. And then as you saw lockdowns go back in place in fourth quarter, we saw yields diverge again. So certainly a trend around that that we're seeing at this point can kind of predict and get some expectations around. I think at the end of the day, it's around when do the economies reopen and certainly either way we are going to lap the COVID items by the end of March this year, regardless. You're going to see easier comps over the remainder of the year. No matter how fast the vaccine.
Gary Norcross: Tien-Tsin, I think it's a great question. I think we actually do have good muscle in that space. We've done a really nice job increasing our direct sales force. We also had a lot of success last year, increasing our partner-led sales. I mean a lot of our partner growth areas were up 4 times and 5 times over the prior years whether that's banking referral or even some of our ISD referral programs which will pay huge dividends to us going into the recovery. But I think we're well positioned to take advantage of it. We also have made a lot of investments in our technology as well, which really allows for more rapid onboarding of merchants. So all of those things would be a great indicators of us being in really good position on the recovery.
Gary Norcross: Yes, I don't think you're seeing an impact on the trading side of any significance based on recent activity there. And then on the margin side, a number of those implementation dollars get capitalized in the balance sheet and amortize back off over time. So we're not -- we don't anticipate a significant lift up associated with that. It will be more in that normal 50 basis points to 100 basis points a year in ordinary course of operating leverage and focused cost reduction.
Gary Norcross: Yes, I think you got a combination of things there Ashwin. First and foremost, the new sales we've been talking about from banking and the growth in the backlog is what's driving us to accelerating growth expectations in that segment into the mid to high single digits. We outlined ad accelerated expectation for Q4 and delivered on that. As I described earlier in the call, we anticipate continued acceleration over the remainder of the year. So that's pretty solid there. We've got a difficult comp in cap markets, but we anticipate accelerating growth into the mid-to-high, -- sorry, low-to-mid single digits in cap markets with accelerating growth over the remainder of the year. I think that is a combination of the SaaS story we've been talking about, where we're seeing more visibility into the revenue and less license sales and ongoing SaaS-based subscription type revenue in the capital markets group. And then merchant, obviously, we're looking at a COVID rebound as we lap comps and we continue to see economies reopen and some of the volumes come back. If you look at the corporate and other component, again, it's about 3% of overall revenue. The impact of that moving in there is less than half a point actually of 2021. So very minuscule impact, but we are going to look to monetize and/or wind down some of those things that just aren't going to be a strategic fit on a go-forward basis.
Gary Norcross: Yes, we do anticipate some rebound on some of the discretionary verticals that we mentioned in the material. We do not see travel coming back 100% in 2021. We've got that kind of model back into 2022 being sort of back at pre-COVID levels. We certainly do anticipate restaurant and retail due to come back over the course of the year, with obviously seen Q2 probably with the highest level of growth, because it's the easiest comp based on what happened last year in Q2. So, yes, we have an expectation of it growing in there Ashwin, but I wouldn't say that that's what gets us to the high-end or the low end of the range, but it certainly is an area that we got to continue to monitor over the course of the year. But we do have modeled in obviously rebound from coming into Q2, Q3 and Q4 next year -- this year, excuse me.
Gary Norcross: Yes, now, I think, that's exactly right. I mean, basically, if you look at the $100 million commitment, what we're seeing is a steady ramp over the year with implementations, well also as Bruce talked about, our backlogs more than doubled on that front. So being able to drive additional sales. The nice thing about the business being reoccurring in nature, you'll grow from there right going into 2022, so it will continue to accelerate with more pipeline being added. From a cross-sell standpoint, you want to take that, Bruce.
Gary Norcross: Yes, I mean, just to build on that, we talked about it in prior calls, our focus on the lending side over the next several years, we build these solutions in a very agile way as you would expect, being a modern technology being cloud-native. And so, the reality is, we did make our first drop on our unsecured lending. So we're starting to build out those capabilities. So that will also be a cross-sell opportunity in the back half of this year and going into 2022. But to Bruce's point keep in mind that becomes the center of all of our cross-sell to drive our back office services, some of our red-tag  capabilities and the list goes on and on and on. And as you've seen, last year we saw a huge increase once again in our top 100 cross-sells at 23%.
Gary Norcross: Yes, right now early on we consistently see the early adopters and we want to make sure that, everybody understands, we're just getting started on this. Right. So as you start thinking about people really moving the cloud-native core banking, a lot of it has been either on in-house built systems or very, very old legacy technology today. What we're starting to see together in the pipeline is, as we get launch now with some of the customers, you've got another wave of people now really starting to evaluate existing technology there on that would be more, more modern in nature, but still not cloud-native and taking advantage of that. But the early adopters, have been primarily coming off more in-house developed systems are systems that are multiple decades old.
Gary Norcross: Well, honestly, Brett. I think it's a great question. I think you know whether it's an arm race or not. I hope, what you're seeing is FIS is leading that. We started our cloud-based deployments five years ago. And at this point in time, we're well in excess of 70% of all of our compute now on the cloud, and that'll trend over 80% whole here over the first half of this year. If you look at our investment Woody highlighted almost $1 billion of capital a year. Keep in mind that is driving 60 new products in market, Modern Banking Platform, retooling our payments one initiatives, Digital One, cloud-native Omnichannel platform on deployment as well as all the things we're doing in Capital Markets in Merchant with our Access Worldpay gateway and others and also NAV conversion. So I think we're balancing it very well and we're doing that because these new technologies not only allow you to compete on the revenue front, they should and will drive cost out, right. If you're start driving true AI into your organization, you're going to eliminate costs. There's no way around it. If you automate, you're going to eliminate cost. And so our balance that we've done over the last several years as we went through the cloud migration that's now complete, we're doing the exact same thing with our platform rationalization as well as the exact same thing with new product launches, all while balancing. But we think we're in a really good position with about 8% of our revenue being deployed back in the Capital. Keep in mind, also as Woody talked about our free cash flow converting. We will have our debt competitive reloaded by the end of this year. No sense paying our debt structure down faster, so that you can give us additional capital to deploy across our strategy, whether it's increasing share buybacks, whether it's increasing M&A or whether it's increasing new product capabilities to continue to drive our organic revenue growth in those upper single digits and then moving from there.
Gary Norcross: Thank you. I want to provide some closing thoughts before we end the call. While the one-year anniversary of the COVID-19 pandemic isn't something we may celebrate with joy, I strongly believe there are reasons to applaud our collective perseverance and our passion for standing up and doing what's right. In this same time period dominated by daily challenges of the virus, we stretched ourselves to evolve, to think, and deliver differently. At FIS, we took these challenges head-on and I firmly believe that we are a stronger, more resilient company from where we were a year ago. As the backbone to the global financial ecosystem, we ensure that transactions and accounts, continue to be processed 24/7, while we re-imagined our system implementation processes, enabling us to implement systems in a 100% virtual environment. We rapidly implemented a real time lending platform for our financial institution clients, streamlining and speeding the processing of more than 225,000 PPP approved loan under the CARES Act. So far in 2021, we've expanded our reach and successfully processed nearly $8 billion of PPP loan applications for more than 68,000 US merchants and small businesses. We also manage to rollout and distribution of expanded EBT benefits under snap and 28 US states and territories helping over 10 million children. Just as important, we double down on our commitments to support our communities by executing global get back programs, to know PP&E equipment and prepaid cards to support our front-line healthcare workers. We also recognize our responsibility to push for sustained social change both domestically and globally. As you have heard us mentioned before, increasing inclusion and diversity financial inclusion and climate change initiatives are important goals for all of us at FIS. Building an environment that enables our colleagues, clients, and communities to thrive demonstrates how we are leveraging our technology and innovation that scale to create lasting change that benefits everyone. To our colleagues, thank you for all your hard work and ongoing commitment to our clients, communities and each other. And for everyone else on the call thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing support. If you have any follow-up questions, please reach out to our Investor Relationship team. This concludes our Q4 earnings call. Have a great day.
Woody Woodall: Thanks, Gary. And thank you all for joining us. Starting on Slide 11, I will touch on our 4th quarter results before transitioning to our forward guidance. We remain excited about the trajectory of our Banking and Capital Market segments and look forward to significantly rebound in growth in our merchant segment as global economies reopen. On a consolidated basis, organic growth was flat during the fourth quarter and adjusted EBITDA margins expanded by 60 basis points to generate adjusted EPS of $1.62. We expect to exit 2021 generated $400 million of run rate revenue synergies based on strong client demand for our premium payback solution, growing distribution with new bank referral partners as well as geographic expansion and cross sell initiatives across the enterprise. These revenue synergies will help supplement our organic revenue growth profile giving us increased confidence in achieving 79% organic revenue growth on a sustained basis. We also have line of sight to execute an additional $100 million of operating cost synergies, bringing net total to $500 million exiting 2021 or 125% of the original OpEx target.
Woody Woodall: Jason, to add a little color on the cadence of the year. We anticipate Q1 to continue to accelerate off of Q4 and continue to see solid growth each quarter over the course of 2021.
Woody Woodall: Yes. We have not factored in share repurchase into the EPS, that's an upside opportunity as we go into market over the course of the year. We think we'll be in market over the entire span of 2021. And we'll continue to pay back debt as well to meet year-end leverage below three turns, but anticipate absolutely driving share repurchase over the course of the year and if not in the EPS guide right now, Jason. Along with the segment guide, you're looking at capital markets, having a difficult comp in Q1 and then seeing significant growth over the remainder of the year, we anticipate merchant revenue to be roughly flat for Q1 this year with accelerating growth, heavy acceleration in Q2 and ongoing acceleration as we lap COVID pandemic comps.
Woody Woodall: Yes, thanks. I'll touch on the margin profile beyond 2021. You're right, we're seeing significant operating leverage in the business as we anticipated, as we see revenue rebound. Again that's roughly 300 to 350 bps. We are seeing incremental synergies driving us up another 150 basis points with some headwind across the short-term cost actions that we have within the operating leverage component there is some incremental investment there to drive the sustained growth. If you look beyond 2021 I think you're right, we're more back into a roughly 50 to 100 basis points a year of annual margin expansion that we feel good about based on ongoing initiatives operating leverage within the business and continued focus on cost initiatives to take cost out of the business long-term.
Woody Woodall: Yes, I'll touch on the cadence of the growth there, David. And then, we can touch on the MBP impact as well. We anticipate significant growth, particularly in Merchant, in Q2, as we lap with impacts. We anticipate the mix to flip the other way, as we've talked about before, and we see volumes coming back in the discretionary areas and in travel and airlines to improve. We certainly do not have travel and airlines at the same pre-COVID levels throughout 2021. We think it will take into 2022 before that actually goes back a 100%, but certainly see outsized growth expectations in merchant in Q2 and Q3 and Q4 of 2021. The remainder of the business, banking again we anticipate acceleration of Q4 into Q1 and then continue to see good solid growth in each quarter. And then Capital Markets we anticipate actually to accelerate over the course of the year with a difficult comp in the first quarter. And then second and third quarter to move on. If you think about the cadence of EPS for the year, as we've outlined the information around Q1 versus consensus estimates, obviously we think consensus estimates are a little too high for Q1. We think, Q2 and Q3 are roughly in line and Q3 is a little low. To give you sort of a full cadence of the year -- for -- Q4 were a little low, excuse me; so that's a little bit of there. MBP we have converted three customers that are live now. And we do anticipate it to drive $100 million of revenue in 2021 and we continue to work through the conversions of additional sales that we made throughout 2020.
Woody Woodall: Yes, a couple of things in there. We did move a couple of things that are non-strategic force in the corporate and other. Think about look like in the ATM business, for example, the one area and then markets had a smaller piece that was put over in there. We anticipate either selling or winding down those businesses as they don't fit long-term strategically or structurally not as solid as a reminder of the business. It's about 3% of total revenue. It is anticipated the impact 2021 organic growth, a very small amount less than half a point. With regard to the margins, you're right we anticipate good solid margin growth in both banking and cap markets over the course of the year with obviously outsized margin expansion in the merchant business.
Woody Woodall: I'll take the revenue question and then let Gary and Bruce kind of chime in on the -- on model around it. With regard to the $100 million we talked about, certainly includes the three that are live now, but would also include some level of expectation of conversion over the course of the year of previous sales that we made throughout 2020. So there is a ramping, if you will, of the MBP over the course of 2021.
Woody Woodall: We haven't given a specific number around the product related revenue for competitive reasons, but I can tell you, it's built into the confidence level we have in the acceleration of revenue synergies up to $400 million exiting 2021 absolutely.
Woody Woodall: Yes. So as we move forward with Premium payback, it really was not designed to be necessarily in store or online. It was really just about, as I said, a kind of a surprising delight for consumer that it shows up at the checkout and allows you to pay for a portion of your transaction through the points that you've aggregated. And it's really bringing financial assets that were hard to get access to and bring those to the consumer, allow them to monetize those assets that they've acquired over time. And so whether it's online through someone like PayPal or some of our e-com clients or in-store at the end of the day, it really doesn't matter. It just shows up at the point of sale or whatever that may be, whether it's your mobile phone or in-store, and again it's really the surprising delight that consumers love about it.
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think, first of all, the impact of moving some stuff in the corporate and other was a less than half a point, it's not much at all in terms of our expectation. I would tell you that our confidence level is really in banking and the backlog around banking and seeing it accelerate. We've moved that up to mid-to-high single digits. And you saw 5% in Q4, we anticipate that accelerate into Q1. So I think that moving in the mid-to-high single digit is a good bit of the confidence. Previously too we have talked about cap markets in the low single digits. We've actually kind of moved that up slightly into low-to-mid single digits. So we anticipate cap markets to see better growth than historical this year as well. So, I think those are the two biggest items that have kind of moved our confidence level up from the 7 to 9 to 8 to 9 specific '21 guide versus outsized merchant. Merchant we just anticipate mid-to-upper teens and it could be higher than that if we see rebound faster. We don't anticipate anything below mid-teens out of merchant this year in any scenario that we have.
Bruce Lowthers: Yes, I would just add on. I think it's right. It's been an evolution for us over the last few years, as Gary just stated. And the benefit for us has been able to drive more product into market and you can see those new products coming to market are fueling our growth rate.
Bruce Lowthers: Just adding on to Woody's comment from a demand perspective, around the MBP in particular and banking as a whole. We continue to see excellent demand for MBP, as our qualified pipeline is doubled coming out of the year. And so, we really see a lot of activity in this space. Certainly in the large bank category. So, we feel very positive about continuing momentum in MBP. And then on the cross-sell, again I think as Gary mentioned early on in the call, it was a record sales year for the Group in Banking, actually in all three segments. And we are continuing to see a lot of opportunities and a lot of success really driving our synergy numbers as well. So a great pipeline for cross-sell.
Bruce Lowthers: Yes, it's just like all of our core platforms that really is the center of a lot of our cross-sell activity. So MBP will follow that same trend where we have the opportunity to sell digital front-ends to the application and we'll have a whole suite of products. We have over 20 products on average with our core customers today. We expect that we'll be able to continue to drive new product into those MBP clients.
Bruce Lowthers: Yes, this is Bruce. I'll just jump in on the overall program, and I'll leave kind of revenue to Woody, but the program itself continues to see a lot of positive momentum. So we continue to see a very, very strong pipeline. I think the only impact to premium has been through COVID right. So it is a transaction that is driven by retail purchase. So COVID is going to have some impact there. But we expect that product to really rocket forward and continue to move. It's really met as delight right, it's the customer's delight, the retailers delight, and the financial institutions. It's just a positive win for all three. There is very few products that kind of come to market that have that kind of success.
