Gary Norcross: Well, as we mentioned, we had signed a term sheet and going into the process of negotiating tentative agreements. We will maintain 51% ownership in the joint venture so the joint venture will stay intact, and we will be processing Bradesco’s card volumes through that joint venture. Glenn Greene – Oppenheimer & Co. : Okay. Thank you very much. 
Gary Norcross: Yeah, Brett, this is Gary. What we continue to see very strong cross-sales between the two companies in Revenue Synergy is part of the combination coming together. As we discussed on prior calls, 75% of our sales are generated through additional products and services to existing clients. But we continue to see strong pull through between the two companies in Revenue Synergies. It’s very consistently in line with what we saw last quarter.
Gary Norcross: No, David, this time we didn’t include the swap cost in there. And we continue to look at how much of that debt we would fix. You know, historically, we have fix going forward, you know, try to certainly look forward 18 months to a budget cycle, and fix our interest rates. So you could expect to see us do a little of that.
Gary Norcross: Definitely correct. It’s a second quarter inter-quarter timing issue that we had the two payments, which happens every year. They have to come in the second quarter. All right, you know, you pay at your normal withholding, and you pay your taxes at quarter. So, you know, that’s what we expect every year to have that double hit in the second quarter. From a full-year basis, it does not change our full-year outlook for free cash flow. 
Gary Norcross: I think that’s fair, Brian. I mean, you know, we’ll be coming with a lot more details when we sign the definitive agreements as we stated several times. We’ll get that done this year.  But all in all, I think, you know, the overall relationship will stay very consistent with where we were in the past. And Bradesco will convert their Mastercard and Visa portfolio onto the platform.
Gary Norcross: That was a large outsourcing deal that a bank had got acquired so we got a large term fee, and that term fee falls where the business was that we lost. So it hit both those segments. 
Gary Norcross: I’ll share that with you. We don’t know actually how it’s going to look yet. We get the pile deal signed, what happens with the equity that was in the JV, it all goes to FIS, how this all works out. That cash is going to come to us, so we’ll get the cash. How we actually end up structuring the balance sheet – I assume we’ll work on that. But we’ll call that out for you and tell you what it is. 
Gary Norcross: It’s probably a little lumpier than the rest of our business time, you know, the timing of some large transactions from our software deals, you know, they move and have a bigger impact. But certainly, Third and Fourth Quarter, we expect higher than the rest of the year. 
Gary Norcross: That would definitely be something separate. Obviously we’ll compete for that business and we hope we get an opportunity to win that. But that would be separate. James Kissane – B of A/ Merrill Lynch:  And Gary, just for clarification, I think you said the interchange is a pass through and has no impact on your profitability. But in fact, I didn’t think interchange was in your revenue at all. It was really just your customer’s revenue. 
Gary Norcross: Absolutely, we’re seeing strength across most of our products. We’re obviously – I think we highlighted it in the last quarter call that we were a little bit surprised by how quickly FSG has rebounded. We’re seeing a lot of demand on our core processing business. We’re also seeing strong demand on outsourcing throughout the US and even in certain international markets. And then seeing nice demand on our payments business as well. James Kissane – B of A/ Merrill Lynch:  Okay, great. Thank you very much. 
Gary Norcross: No, yeah, we absolutely do think there’s some upside with our NICE network and you know, frankly, until some of this unfolds a little further it’s hard to gage all that. But we do think there’s some opportunities for outside. 
Gary Norcross: Well, again, carried a WIN with Citi for a quarter, a core software product, it was a software sale. And you know, we were excited about it for two reasons; one is whenever you get a large name, a large organization as prestigious as Citi that you’re winning the business to, I think that’s important. So we shared that. And secondly, I think it’s an indication as we talked about over the years that for the larger institution they are starting to look at what they need to do to the core systems to renew them for the future.  So that’s why we shared that deal. It’s a software deal, a little bit special services, so while we think it’s a fairly substantial capital project for Citi, you know, it’s a small piece for us. It’s not a material number. So, you know, there’s not much more to it than we got some software sales and special services and it’s a great win for us. 
Gary Norcross: The Metavante Term-Loan B that we got through the merger, and we paid that off as part of this refinancing. So the original Term-Loan B, which we had seen, which was from Metavante, that’s gone. We know have the bank debt. We’ve got the new Term-Loan B, which is $1.5 billion, and then we’ve got the bonds. 
Mike Hayford: In some of our decks that we have out there, we kind of show you the magnitude on the high chart. You know, but I think it’s less than 10 percent of our overall revenue stream if you look at it that way. David Koning – Robert W. Baird & Co. :  Okay. And getting smaller, I would imagine, obviously. 
Mike Hayford: I would not do that. I mean, you have to look at 2010, it’s the weighted-average number shares for the full year that’s going to drive the $0.01 to $0.02. You get the timing of, we raised the financing prior to buying back shares, so it’s a lot more complexity in 2010.  I think I’d have you look at how we look at it, is we look at – we would have been refinancing our debt in 2010 heading into ’11 as we’ve shared in the past because our debt would have come current in 2011. You know, matured in early 2012. So as we look at it, we look at here’s the cost of debt we would have had in 2011, which would have been similar to the rate that we ended up refinancing at. We look at the added $2.5 billion of debt that we put on less the shares that we’re buying back, and you can kind of do the math and come up with a number, but it’s definitely higher than the $0.01 to $0.02 multiplied by four. David Koning – Robert W. Baird & Co. :  Yeah, okay. That sounds right. That’s great. Thanks. 
Mike Hayford: Why don’t we hold off on ’11. We’ll get the end of the year, and then talk about guidance for the whole business. If you remember, in 2010, we talked earlier in the year that when Santander was going away, that left approximately a $40 million revenue hole in our business zone in Brazil. And we said we anticipate with Bradesco converting, that would fill the $40 million. So Bradesco not converting obviously continues to create a $40 million negative impact to revenue in 2010.  As Gary shared, we’re working through the timing of the conversion. If we get them converted, you know, before the end of the year, we’ll pick up some of that $40 million. But as I mentioned, Brazil as a joint venture has been a negative based on where we thought we were going to be heading into the year. But even within that, we’ve always said we could still meet our guidance goals even with that $40 million hit.
Mike Hayford: We talked about when we add Bradesco at the end of the year, I mean, you can look at that based on what we shared. And, you know, we anticipate that would have been a $40 million revenue stream in 2010 had it converted on schedule. So, you know, assuming it converts by the end of the year, that will help us with growing in 2011. But we haven’t talked about Banco de Brazil in any of our Brazil discussions.
Mike Hayford: No.David Parker – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay. And then just, have you finalized the settlement with Santander yet? I believe last quarter you put $35 million into escrow, but you didn’t recognize it.
Mike Hayford: No, we have not. When we get to it, you know, Gary talked about we’ve got a term sheet that we lead to term with Bradesco. When we get to contracting with Bradesco, that’s tied in with the Santander settlement, so we expect that again by the end of the year as well.David Parker – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay.
Mike Hayford: And you’re correct. We have, you know, 35 hung up on the balance. We have not booked it into revenue. It’s being held in escrow, and we do expect some additional term fees to come as part of the settlement.David Parker – Lazard Capital Markets: Okay, great. Thank you guys.
Mike Hayford: Yeah, I mean we haven’t bookings there, but we do contract value. And Gary and his team tracks that very religiously. We intent people as you might expect. We manage to generate future revenue growth. But, you know, we’re not going to share those kind of numbers. It gets a little hard because of all the different businesses. The timing of when the backlog actually gets booked into revenue. You know, the duration of the different contracts. So, you know, we talk about kind of the success of sales year over year versus prior year, but we don’t share the actual backlog number of the total contract value that we’re assigning each quarter.Greg Smith – Duncan Williams Inc.: Okay, thank you.
Mike Hayford: That’s a good way to look at it again. International in 2010 has that $40 million hole that, you know, if we get Bradesco converted before the end of the year, we’ll sell a little bit of that. But that’s creating a little bit of drag in the national.  Gary talked about the deals and the success in the market we’re having. But I think that’s the way to look at it.
Mike Hayford: No, we’ve had – we’ve shared as part of the outlook for the year, that Second Quarter we expected to obtain 40 million and so we talked about, you know, we met that goal. We’re not going to give actual numbers each quarter as we go through, but you know, for the full year we expect to end up the year at 212, which is incrementally 150 better than last year. So the 40 goal this quarter, you know, we’re very pleased we’re hitting our numbers, slightly exceeding every quarter.  And then at the end of the year we’ll, you know, we’ll give a recap of where we stand. 
Mike Hayford: Yeah, when you look at the breadth, it also displaced an overall product set, and at this point in time, as we’ve all mentioned, we are starting to see banks, financial institutions starting to spend more in recent months. And as part of that, they’re looking for us to add services to our various products that they’re taking through each sale. 
Mike Hayford: Originally $750. We know say practically $700; 100% related to the recap. So the recap, the incremental interest costs that we’ll bear between now and the end of the year is the difference. 
Mike Hayford: Year over year, Second Quarter, 140. In the second quarter, we talked about this being a very difficult comp in Second Quarter of last year. You know, and the term fee that we had – one-time term fee at Metavante and also there was a legal settlement that Metavante booked. So if you take those two out, we’re actually pretty close to 300 basis points. So the operating business is close to 300 and so second half of the year, we won’t have the difficult comps. We do think that, you know, the margins are going to pop back up and we still think we’ll get the 300 mark by the end of the year. 
Mike Hayford: We obviously are going to keep watching that. The fact that some of these regulations obviously have an impact to the banks and that’s who’s writing the checks for us. While we don’t have a direct connection, obviously, we don’t get to participate in those fees that are being reduced, we are going to have to watch whether banks decide to spend less, or to spend differently. You know, the pricing pressure, I think I can probably answer that by, you know, we’re always fighting pricing. I think it’s hard to say that the banks of the future, you know, like you would expect that they are leveraging all the competitors so they can get the best price they can, they’ll do that in the future. Whether they ask us to participate and take some of that out of our pocket, I assume I think they’ll ask. I’m not sure we’ll actually see much difference in discounting based on that, but again, it’s all new. We’ll have to see how it shakes out. We’ll have to see what happens when the regs get written and the banks actually start finding different ways to generate revenue.  Tien Tsin Huang – JP Morgan: Yeah, we’ll all be watching. I appreciate that. Thank you. 
Frank Martire: This is Frank. There’s several things they look at. I’ll tell you that the most important to the, the most important is strategically and directionally, they look five years out and they say we have to be competitive. And to be competitive in the marketplace, they need products that will keep them competitive and a service level that will do that for them. So now first and foremost, they want to be competitive and they want to have products that will service their needs of their customers long term.  And then obviously, they do look at price. You have to be competitive on price. They look very much at the integration of products. The fact that we bring our core products together with our payment products, and they’re totally integrated. That’s very, very important to them. Those are some of the drivers they look at.
Frank Martire: I mean, there’s some rollout involved. Let me just qualify a little bit. You know, it is getting better, so that’s a qualified optimism there that we have here because there is improvement in the marketplace. We’re just open and cautiously optimistic that it continues.  So clearly getting better and it helps you when you take in core deals, right, because they’re usually associated with some amount of Professional Services. 
Frank Martire: Well, we talk about this a lot and it all goes back and forth, but the reality is much more of a movement towards outsourcing, clearly. A feeling that they want to be more outsourced, at least either all the core systems, or a particular product. 
