James Woodall: Yeah. On the $300 million increase, Dave, I will tell you, more of that benefit is going to drive into 2018 based on the timing of when we see the synergies coming out. The second would be, not dissimilar to last year, we're off to a very good start, but one quarter doesn't make a year, but we feel very good about the full year outlook. We had a $0.04 beat, very clean beat in my view, and about $0.01 to $0.02 of that was really anticipated in the second quarter. So we pull the second quarter down slightly from market expectations, but feel very good about the start to the year and meeting our full year outlook.
James Woodall: I think that's a fair outlook. We'll continue to face similar headwinds in the second quarter. And then you'll see the acceleration in the back half of the year as we anniversary those comparables.
James Woodall: I think the organic revenue growth that we outlined for the segments, which IFS at 3% to 4% for full year and GFS at 4% to 5%, are in line with where we anticipated. They're in line with sort of the multi-year guide on revenue growth, organic growth there, and that kind of pulls the noise out there. The 4% to 5% in the GFS, there is a couple of things. One, we are seeing some cross-sell opportunities between pulling SunGard assets together, even within their existing business across silos that we're breaking down. And then we're seeing some rebound in our international business with 9.2% growth for the quarter and a good outlook for the year. So I think we're confident in the numbers, but feel like the ranges we outlined a couple of the years ago in May are still close to where we think we're going to land.
James Woodall: Yeah, two things on there, Brett. One, we have a little bit of timing around cash taxes, so say with the PS&E sale. But the good news is, we saw good working capital management, good improvement in DSO, and continue to think we can drive some benefit there for the year. We've guided more of a long-term view around about 100% conversion rate. I would tell you we're looking a little north of that in our forecast right now. Again, early in the year, but very pleased with cash generation right now.
James Woodall: Yeah, try to give you some color around that. We did $111 million in the first quarter. PS&E had been about a $240 million a year contributor. We had one month in January. So if you pull that out, you're probably in a $90 million or so, Brett, of ongoing per quarter revenue. We think our corporate expenses are going to be in that $70 million zone, maybe ticking down slightly over the course of the year. So I think that gives you some color around what we think. As you know, we continue to have some headwinds in that area, based on the check business and our commercial services business that we talked about on the previous call, but that should give you some color around how to model that.
James Woodall: Yeah, I would tell you, it was a little less on the synergy side. As you might imagine, we don't see as much synergies coming out of the IFS group as we do GFS, where more of the SunGard assets landed. But we certainly are seeing improved revenue mix. One of the items in banking and wealth that was a headwind was the people-based risk project that we talked about. Absent that, the remaining IP-led growth is driving higher incremental margin. So those are really the two components. Obviously, revenue mix being the larger driver, with a smaller driver in integration and cost management.
James Woodall: We had a small term fee we anticipated to close in Q2. It closed in Q1 instead. That's just under $0.01, was the primary item. And then just continued better cost management was probably the other.
James Woodall: On the term fees, I think we gave some color that we would anticipate term fees to go back in line with sort of traditional norms, which I would tell you are in about $40 million to $50 million range. We're still forecasting and believe that's the right outlook. That's what we had in our plan and that's what we still see as the outlook right now as $40 million to $50 million full year.
James Woodall: Yeah, very pleased with cash generation, again. That coupled with the proceeds on the PS&E sale, we paid down $1 billion in debt in the first quarter, real pleased with that. As we've outlined before, we anticipate repaying all maturing and pre-payable debt in 2017. That will continue to deleverage the balance sheet. We added some color that we would anticipate being below $9 billion of outstanding debt by the end of the year and, obviously, above $3 billion in EBITDA. So you're looking at a sub-3 turns, working our way back towards that 2.5 times we've talked about. I would tell you, we won't get all the way there by the end of 2017, but we're probably going to end up in 2.75, 2.8 zone based on our projections right now. Based on the timing of cash flow and the repayment timing of the debt, we do anticipate having excess cash in the back half of the year really approaching the fourth quarter. And we would look at that excess cash and try to find the best way just to drive shareholder value at that time. That could be a use and do share buyback could be inorganic, but we'll certainly have excess cash in the back half of 2017 and flowing into 2018.
James Woodall: Yeah. The driver is really around payment volumes across Europe, across Asia-Pacific and into Latin America, We saw very good growth across all three of those. Our outlook right now shows us being a sustainable sort of a high single-digit kind of growth area for us this year. So feel very good about the start and the outlook in GFS banking and payments world.
James Woodall: Yeah. I'd start out with, I think it was exactly in line with our expectations. If you pulled out the comp, it would have been a little over 2% growth for the quarter, and full year, we still think that's going to be in line with overall GFS growth, in that 4% to 5% zone. And it's, again, actually performing better than the original pro forma on the acquisition model. So, very pleased with it, absolutely in line with our expectations for the quarter.
James Woodall: I think that was a fair number. As we increased the number to $300 million from a run rate perspective, a vast majority of that benefit is going to flow into 2018. So I think you're in the ballpark there.
James Woodall: Look, I'd tell you, Ashwin, we are pleased with the start of the year. We went into the year with high levels of confidence and being able to make the ranges we outlined to the market. I would tell you, we continue to be highly confident in the levels of ranges we outlined to the market, and are pleased with the start to the year.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, Dave, just to add a little bit to that. That's exactly right. We feel very good about the year. But to Woody's point on synergies, as you can imagine, we've talked about this on multiple quarters. We're now in the phase of integrating our companies, where we're really into some of the heavy-lifting projects and so these take time. And so that naturally pushes us more towards the back half of the year. The easier synergies that come out more cleanly, obviously, have occurred and we're very focused on not wanting to break the business. So, all of those things would push that run rate to the latter part of the year in 2018.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, Darrin, it's a great question. And I would tell you, a lot of our clients are very optimistic that we're going to see some regulatory pullback, and we're going to see some other changes by the current administration. But I think in general, everybody is in a wait-and-see mode. What I would tell you, though, is we had a very strong Q4 in sales. Q1, we had nice sales across the board with some strength definitely in our I&W space. So we're continuing to be bullish on the sales environment. The team is executing well. Pipeline is full. We're not seeing any real impact from Brexit and some of the changes at this point in time. There are some other regulatory changes that are being implemented around the world that, frankly, could be a tailwind for us as well. So we're continuing to monitor those. But at this point in time, I would say from business environment, it's kind of business as usual and we see a slow steady strengthening that we saw last year.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, adding a little bit to that. I think, Darrin, when you back up and really look at the overall SunGard integration, we came in, obviously, getting very focused on cost synergies, because those are in our control and executable fairly quickly. As you've seen, we're now guiding to exit the year with more than $300 million. So we – I would argue, we're ahead of where we thought we'd be at this point in time. When I look across on upsell, we've started to see some good pull-through in the former SunGard businesses, where those two – where they had products that could be bundled together as a solution and sold to clients. And I would say that we're actually on target with that with some nice growth opportunities. The one that I would say that we're a little ahead of where we thought we'd be at this point would be we're starting to see now opportunities of bundling SunGard capabilities with former FIS capabilities, as I referenced in the commercial payment opportunity. And those are early stages, but we think could really be nice revenue growers for us in the future. So will they make a difference in 2017? No. But as you start looking out in 2018 and beyond, that could easily give us – push us more towards the upside of our ranges as long as there are other macro issues that we're seeing, right? That wouldn't be a headwind.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. David, we've actually had quite a bit of success in that region for the several years. I think what's really exciting about that one, it's a great example where, prior to the acquisition of SunGard, we would have come in and sold them one or two products. If you look at that lift of capabilities that we're delivering, that's the exact example I was just mentioning with Darrin, where we're literally bundling capabilities, and therefore, getting a much larger engagement because of it. So what we're seeing in that size, there is a lot of banks are really looking for ways to – they're dealing with regulatory change worldwide, right? They're dealing with increasing costs and accelerators worldwide. They're all dealing with legacy platforms that need modernization. And if you look at that bundling that we just accomplished, you're now – an institution of that size is really transforming those capabilities to FIS to next-generation solutions on a bundled basis that allows them to lower their overall total cost of ownership. So it is a great example and a good success point of just the power of this combination.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, I think we will. I think what you're going to see is translate that globally, right? So what we're doing, as we put these companies together, one of the first things we did was we pulled the sales organizations directly out of the individual product lines. And when – we elevated them up on an enterprise basis, and then we modified the commission plans so they drive – so it actually incents cross-sell and upsell and this bundling capability. So we believe we're going to see more and more of that and every quarter, we're trying to give some real examples of that success.
Gary A. Norcross: We're going to on-board those accounts throughout 2017. It goes in two waves and so, yeah, it's good to see that our payment capabilities continue to grow in that country.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, Tien-Tsin, overall, we had a strong sales quarter. One of the nice things about our company is, we've got a very diversified revenue stream. So it allows us – as some things might have a soft quarter, other areas we're seeing areas where it picks up. But overall, the quarter was strong in sales. Our IFS business had a little slower start to the year, but frankly, that's coming off a very strong Q4. So that would be in line with what we expected. The institutional and wholesale business and the GFS businesses actually had a very nice quarter. So in balance it was a strong start to the year.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, on consolidation, Jim, it's a good question. We continue to see, frankly, record levels at least from a historical context throughout last year, and we've modeled that essentially throughout this year as well. I don't know that I necessarily see it accelerating somewhat dramatically. Although I do think deal flow and consolidation is going to be very strong throughout the industry, especially from a U.S. standpoint. That's going to maintain unless we see some recovery in the de novo activity, which right now there's little indication that you're going to see rapid acceleration there. So we've modeled consistent consolidation as last year, but with no real reduction.
Gary A. Norcross: Jim, we're very pleased where we are with the turnaround of Capco. Lance and his team has done a great job of really transforming that back to traditional consulting. We see a very robust pipeline ahead of us. But we – as we've talked about on other calls, we're looking for that business to perform in that mid-single-digit kind of range this year and we think that's going to continue throughout the year. But we're very pleased with how the business has been performing. It performed well in Q4, well in Q1, and the pipeline looks really good. We have line of sight into a little outside of 90 days. Our book-to-bill is running very consistently. So the team is doing a very nice job with that business.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, Joe, it's a great question. We're doing a lot in digital. Certainly, when you think about lot of our legacy platforms, many of them are in various stages of transformational with some kind of digital enablement context to them. We started originally several years ago in the whole mobile banking arena. We continue to see mobile digital banking grow very nicely for us. I highlighted that in the call, but your point is dead on. Other legacy systems, as we're going through the transformation process, we've got a number of core banking initiatives going on. We've got a number of payment-based initiatives going on. We've got a number of institutional and wholesale initiatives going on. And all of them are leveraging our digital frameworks that we produced in the company. And that also bring us nice synergies as we go through that development pipeline. But over the next several years, you're going to see a lot of transformation on our platforms and most of those, if not all of them, will some have some kind of digital component to them.
Gary A. Norcross: We do see some improvement in the back half of the year. A lot of that's due to comparables in the first half. I would say, in general, there is a general sense across our clients of interest in growing and expanding spend. Several of them are in a wait-and-see mode though, as I've discussed earlier on another question. A lot of the things impacting would be significant regulatory reform, and they really are watching for that. With that being said, as interest rates continue to go up and NIM continues to expand, dollars are available. So we're making sure that we're selling into that in the appropriate way and the sales teams are aligned around certain areas where clients have really been holding back over the years. But I think, frankly, we'll see a lot of this be more of a benefit in 2018 and beyond. I think it's just still early to determine what truly will be the regulatory pull-back, if any, what truly will be some of the changes, and that will take a while for the industry to digest and then free-up their budgets.
Gary A. Norcross: We've really haven't seen any impact. We're, obviously, continuing to monitor that. Brazil continues to be in a very difficult economic crisis, and I was recently down there, a number of us were down there meeting with our clients. They're, like a lot of our financial institutions around the world, though, trying to deal through that, but also focused on how do I modernize my platforms? How do I roll out next-generation capabilities? Because while that's going on, the market evolves and consumer behavior evolves, so it's important to capitalize on those even during difficult times. So we're working with our clients down there, but the quick answer is we haven't seen any impact through geopolitical.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, and I just want to clarify one thing, Chris. You're exactly right, Q4 is a heavier license quarter. But keep in mind, I mean, we've got license fees that flow throughout the year in this business. And so, we've said multiple times, this business will be a little more lumpy than what you've traditionally seen in the past out of FIS. It's still all IP-led, so profit margins are very high. But depending on when those license fees flow, you might get a little more lumpiness quarter-on-quarter. But all-in-all, as Woody said, it's performing exactly to expectations and, frankly, performing well ahead of where we modeled.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, let me start with the cadence question. Typically, the cost of our sales are so IP-led that traditional 6 to 12 months of on-boarding cycle is fairly traditional across most, if not all, of our products. So, whether we highlight digital growth or something over an institutional wholesale, that on-boarding time period is pretty consistent. So, strong sales would be a precursor, obviously, for the future, at that 6, 9, 12 months out. Your first question relating to, is digital really replacing branch automation, we definitely – in branch work, what I would tell you is, we definitely see consistent accelerated sales around digital platforms, and we definitely see adoption around digital platforms, and all of those, as you would expect, have those product lines and those business lines growing at a much faster rate than the overall company. Is it at the sacrifice of traditional branch work? I wouldn't point to that, that's where it's all coming from. I would just say, more of our customers are focusing on more of the digital experience and how to drive that self-service mentality on the retail side through the consumer base.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, I think it all depends on the segment, right? So when you start looking at GFS, I do think, as those purse strings start to expand, you're going to see two primary spends. You are going to see in-house developed software, where you're going to look for customers looking for more leveraged, modern, transformative capabilities, and we've given several examples in today's call. So, where they're just not going to be able to modernize their internally built software. We're also going to see some of those customers, who are running some of our legacy solutions, want to modernize those platforms. So that would naturally drive more into the PS realm. The first example I gave would drive more in the product realm. In the IFS world, really, there's very little professional services. We've highlighted a couple of times some of the people-based businesses that exist in IFS, but they're really small in nature to the overall percentage. So, almost everything there comes in the form of product and product-related on-boarding. Typically, in that market, heavily weighted towards outsourcing, as you know, which is what we've seen in some of the margin expansions that Woody and I both have highlighted today.
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you for your questions today and for your continued interest in FIS. Our deep focus in investment and financial services is allowing us to drive change in the industry. Our expanded scale, operating leverage, and investment focus on IP-led solutions that drive efficiencies, cost saving and transformation align to current client demand and are driving shareholder value. I'd like to thank our leaders and our more than 57,000 employees for their hard work and dedication in serving our clients. Most importantly, I'd like to thank our loyal clients, who depend on and trust us to keep their businesses running every day. It is because of our clients and employees that FIS continues to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.
