David Koning: I guess my first question, just on the margin bridge on Page 4, it seems to imply that capital was something like 150, 160 basis points margin drag, which would imply that EBITDA is about 0 -- is about breakeven right now. And I'm wondering, is that a seasonal factor? I would imagine you'd expect that to get nicely better but maybe you could comment just a little bit on that and kind of how that improves.
David Koning: And I guess one other thing from the supplement, this quarter, the interest rate weighted average was 5%. Last quarter it was 5.2%. And I know -- I think you had $1.5 billion of interest rate hedges rolling off this quarter. I mean, Is it fair to say that you might have redone them at a little better rates now and extended those nicely or something? Because it does look like the interest rate's nicely down.
David Koning: Okay. And then lastly, just quickly, your Payments segment, it seems like much less of a headwind from check trends now. And I know that they'll likely continue to be negative. But between that and then the anniversary that interchange headwind, I mean, it seems like there's a much less of a headwind going forward, and even probably maybe a tailwind as you anniversary some of this stuff the next several quarters. Maybe you could just comment on that too.
Michael Hayford: David, I would say first of all, the margin for Capco as we described in the past, we expect to be lower than the rest of our operating numbers, our operating business units. And as you can see, the start of the year, we're running probably a little behind where we anticipated. So I would view it as sliding a little bit maybe where we had anticipated, although we would've expected the second half of the year to build and drive a little bit more profit than the first half of the year for Capco. So we're actually pleased with the start we had. I think there's probably a little -- I think Europe's off to a very, very strong start in the first half of the year. Our Canadian business is doing extremely well in North America. We had a couple of challenges with some clients in the U.S., really not related to what Capco's doing but more related to the nature of the business and some kind of global financial industry changes that impacted a couple of the customers there. So I think we're off -- maybe a little bit behind on earnings, very strong revenue growth. And we anticipate earnings to pick up in the second half.
Michael Hayford: Yes, I think it's the hedges, it's -- as we pay down -- some of the debt, we paid down at the higher rate. And then as you said, the fixed-to-floating kind of ratio has improved a little bit the overall cost.
Michael Hayford: David, I'm assuming you're referring to the check business and the check verification business that we have, the paper-based businesses. I think it's a fairly consistent headwind. It's about 400 basis points, 4% of growth on the top line, which is kind of what we've been seeing, 3.5%, 4.5%, in that range. So I think 4% is kind of consistent with that. The headwinds, I think we're battling through them, so that the team did a nice job in the other parts of the business to have again a slight revenue growth. And if you adjust out again the impact of the accounting change and the impact of the paper businesses, a pretty respectable 4% growth year-over-year in the quarter. But I think those headwinds are going to be fairly consistent as the business gets to be a smaller and smaller piece of the business, they do diminish over time.
Michael Hayford: Well, I mean, I think it's very similar to the old service bureau model. So service bureau, ASP, hosted in the cloud, I think are all very common. It's a shared a leverage model that is connected to a platform that we're operating in some central location. And so we like that business a lot. It does have an impact upfront versus getting a licensed professional services upfront. When we signed those deals, those revenues are spread over a 7-year contract typically. But it creates more recurring revenue and more predictability. And again, to the extent we get on a leveraged platform, we'll make those profits over time.
Michael Hayford: Well we've talked about in the past is our -- what we would term as our recurring revenue. And recurring revenue for us is revenue streams that we do not have to go out and sign a new contract. And we're in the mid-80s, so 83%, 84%, 85%, in that range. It's come down slightly. I think we were up as high as 87% at one point. But with Capco, most of that is not occurring. So in that mid-80s is kind of the level of recurring revenue that we have as a company.
Michael Hayford: We haven't really shared the headcount of Capco. I think the comments that you heard us talk about today, Gary covered the strong results in Europe. The company is growing, growing very well. We think they're doing very well in their markets. And we also think they're doing extremely well competing for talent in the consulting business. So our plans are to continue to grow, grow headcount. They focus on utilization each and every day to drive profit.
Michael Hayford: Well, I'd say it's kind of not like a typical consulting company. They're very people based. So it's not the same kind of leverage model that you would get out of a hosted solutions -- we kind of discussed a leverage model that belongs to processing contract. Having said that, we know when we brought them on board at the size and scale they were, even a little over a year to ago where we expect them to be in '11, they're going to continue to get some operating leverage out of the fact that they're larger, driving more revenues to cover their kind of business unit level costs or corporate costs at the capital level. So we have -- sort of our target long-term is to get into the mid-teens for EBITDA margin. And we've also shared that for 2011 we expect it to be lower than that. We expect to it to be around 10% for the year 2011.
Michael Hayford: Well, Ashwin, I mean, you know that we obviously had throughout the press release said that we had made an approach to the company and are evaluating and having discussions with the company. I think suffice it to say that when we get to a point where we have something to announce, we'll announce it. And until we get there, we really have nothing to discuss on the topic.
Michael Hayford: Yes, this is Michael. It's the smaller -- it's the credit unions and the smaller community banks. But we do all of Intuit's -- they have a number asterisks [ph] to bill pay that we provided the processing for.
Michael Hayford: Yes, I think we had a few miscellaneous things. We had some, we talked about some integration-related costs that hit the corporate line. We had some M&A-related costs, which -- the corporate line. I don't think there was anything. I'm trying to think if there was any other big item that would have hit at that level. So I think that maybe $4 million above the guidance was probably some of those onetime things that we described, integration-related costs, some severance and M&A-related costs.
Michael Hayford: Well, I mean, I think I would take it [ph] in the fourth quarter, the year-over-year comps can be a little more difficult for Brazil because we did, we converted that in October of last year. The other big driver of this is Capco, and as we shared, their year-over-year growth is much greater than we anticipated in Europe, which is growing into that International segment. So I think those are the 2 big drivers that are probably outpacing what we had expected, and therefore, I think what people have expected in terms of our growth internationally. As Gary said, the rest of that business is doing very well. The team's done a great job of penetrating some of the higher growth markets in Asia, in India, China, other parts of Latin America. And then our European practice is doing well. So I think they're executing real solid, and then you've got a little extra push obviously from Brazil, which is showing very good growth. And then the Capco services is growing very strong as well.
Michael Hayford: Well, as I shared, we had a very specific situation in the U.S. We had some clients who just due to the changes in the environment, no longer had the funding to spend on a series of projects that were fairly large for Capco. Now they're not a significant portion of the overall FIS, but to Capco, they were a decent chunk of their revenue opportunity. So what they've done is they've, for the most part, been able to keep their people together and go out and sign other clients. So I think it just -- it challenged them for a 3, 4-month period of time where they had to go out and find new clients, where they'd expected to start very large projects to kick off the beginning of the year. Those didn't materialize. This is within an individual client. And so they've gone out and found other business. So as we enter the second half, and we've sat down and walked through where they stand, particularly what the utilization rate is and what their pipeline is for getting new client projects going, we feel pretty good about the second half.
Michael Hayford: Yes, I think, John, that's a good point. We got a lot of clarity in the June 29 finalization. And one of those was they clarified certain things around prepaid, where earlier we thought we were going to see some opportunities where our clients might look to launch some type of reloadable prepaid card to generate -- to not have to deal with the Durbin regulation. But as I said, we got a lot of those issues clarified. We still are, though, with that as a backdrop. So those kind of conversations that deal with Durbin have lessened. But we do continue to see strong demand for our prepaid offerings in our financial institutions, not only in U.S. but as a -- pointed out especially in our international markets, it's becoming a much -- it's becoming a very viable way to serve some of the underserved, underbanked communities. And so we continue to see conversations around that. But the conversations we were having around Durbin have lessened.
Michael Hayford: Well, I mean, David, you obviously understand that you look at those things at all kind of point in time, right? So I think we disclosed our discussions with Misys almost 3 weeks ago now. And the market's moved around a little bit because of that. I think we've been very consistent. We've said that we'll look first to grow our business through M&A where we can get a return on our investment and get some leverage. We think we have a good team to do that. We think we have a successful track record. And if we can't find deals that get the proper return, we'll use the capital to buy back shares. And obviously, at our current trading price, the shares are a lot more attractive than it was even a month or 2 ago. So suffice it to say we'll always continue to keep those 2 things in mind. And we'll always judge any use of capital for M&A against that relatively low risk share repurchase.
Michael Hayford: Well, we do both. But at the end of the day, we think it's important that we get a return on cash. So we look at an IRR hurdle that would be consistent with what a return to the shareholders is over a period of time.
Gary Norcross: Yes, Julio, this is Gary. I think there's a couple of things they're looking for, and NYCE helps do that. Couple of things. With the Durbin decisions and final rulings in June, you now have to have multiple, at least 2 networks for your debit processing. And NYCE is benefiting our clients because it's the most issuer-focused network in the industry. So we guarantee to maximize the interchange to the financial institution. And our clients and our new customers see value in that. So there's really 2 things driving it. One is Durbin and the need to have multiple networks. But two, the fact that we're so issuer-centric instead of being merchant-centric with our NYCE network, our financial institutions are seeing a lot of value in that.
Gary Norcross: Well, Ashwin, this is Gary. As I mentioned in the call, we did see some pent-up demand on particularly stuff like the network positioning in and around Durbin. As part of the overall rulings, the network portion of Durbin does not have to be implemented until April of 2012. So we should see a number of signings in the second half of 2011 and then revenue starting to be generated due to that in 2012. As also indicated, to give you some insight into the size of the opportunity, we've been running a number of webinars around Durbin and around NYCE particularly. And we've had over 1,000 financial institutions dial in to those webinars and participate and learn how the NYCE network can drive value to them and satisfy the needs of this regulatory change.
Gary Norcross: Well, we really have not broken down our clients base across the various sizes. The nice thing about our Payments business, we mentioned in the announcement some scale items around our Bill Payment Solutions and some of our other solutions and also, as you see in the release yesterday, the first half this year, we had record signings on our NYCE network. Really our payment capability spread pretty much the gamut of institutions, both sides throughout the U.S. And so, we really haven't disclosed the breakdown of how our payments revenue is between large financial institutions and community institutions.
Gary Norcross: Yes, no, it's a great question, and we have traditionally not disclosed the size of our pipeline. But we, as I stated, we did have a record 2010. And I will tell you the first half of the year, we're ahead of where we were at this point last year. We know we got -- obviously, we've got the second half of the year so we got to continue to perform. Our pipeline, though, has continued to grow very significantly as well. So all of those are positive signs for us as a company. As far as the markets that we're seeing this growth in, frankly, as I shared in some of the examples, we're seeing great success in community markets, in large institutions and in our international markets as well. So there really is just no one specific area that we're seeing the growth. It's really coming from all the segments.
Gary Norcross: Well, I think as we've shared, this is 3 quarters in a row with almost 6% organic growth. So I would say it hasn't just come back quickly, right? We've worked through it each and every quarter. And as we've shared on each quarterly call, we continue to see banks who have weathered the financial storm to now starting to free up their capital dollars, to start making investments so they can compete in this cycle and gain market share. And given the breadth of our solutions, that plays very well for us. I'm not here to say that there still aren't institutions out there that are hunkered down and not making any buying decisions because there are. The fortunate thing for us is we're just seeing more and more of those get through their process and now starting to focus on buying. And as we shared in the examples, we're seeing in the U.S., and frankly, globally as well, strong demand for our core banking solutions. That typically drives our Payment Solutions as well through that. But as the example of Intuit and several others, the Fifth Third example, we're also seeing strong demand just for our Payment Solutions as well.
Gary Norcross: Well, I think 2 things. One, certainly getting Bradesco converted and getting the joint venture from being a startup to an ongoing entity where we're focused on the market and able to grow relationships in Brazil is certainly key. But we also, and we shared with this in the -- in multiple of our investor updates, several years ago, we made a conscious decision to start transitioning our revenue away from a license model to more of an outsourcing and processing and professional services model. And while the percentage of our reoccurring revenue in that business is still less than our overall company, that change, both market-driven and driven by us, we're seeing benefits in our revenue streams and starting to see more predictability and more growth due to that higher reoccurring revenue.
Gary Norcross: Well, I think there's -- suffice it to say, at this point in our ownership, we're very pleased with the conversations we're having. How many transformative deals are there out in the market? We really don't know, but we're having a number of key conversations both in Europe and in North America. These conversations, though, Brett, as you would expect, take a long time to work through. Certainly, not only do we bring in the consulting power and domain expertise of Capco, but bringing our wealth of solution in IT to the conversations. But at this point, we've got a number of key opportunities that we're pursuing. And we feel very good that we're going to sign some of these transformative opportunities.
Gary Norcross: Well, I think at the end of the day, we have a tremendous relationship with Intuit first and foremost. And I think that relationship drove an expansion of the partnership. But I also think when you look at the investments we've made in our bill payment platform, we're seeing substantial results in the market with new signings. And so Fifth Third's a great example of that, and as we highlighted, that's a number of top 30 institutions in the last 12 months. So the product is very functionally rich. It's a very strong solution in the market. Combine that with our overall relationship, it just made sense to expand that going forward.
Gary Norcross: David, I wouldn't say we've seen any change. I mean, it's very competitive. The market's very competitive, and the nice thing given FIS's scale and our product suite, we're able to compete very effectively in those markets. But I would say we've not seen any demonstratable change in recent months.
