Gary A. Norcross: Yes. Well, first, thanks for the notice on the quarter. The team really worked hard, and we're getting some strong results. We have seen strong results across all of our markets. So if you look at community markets, large financial or international markets, we continue to see strong growth in all those categories around outsourcing type services and consulting-related services. If you look, if you remember, we had a slow start last year in our North American financial institution specifically, so we're very pleased to see that return and show nice growth year-over-year. And we highlighted that in the script. We're not going to every quarter give percentage increases year-over-year, we think that's a little less relevant than more than just direction of how the business are performing. But suffice it to say, in all of our markets, we're seeing good growth around outsourcing, a good nice mix between core banking and payments as we move up market heavily augmented with consulting and professional services, and our international market is converting heavily towards outsourcing at a pretty rapid rate. So everything very positive for the quarter from a sales standpoint.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, well, a couple of things. We've talked about in the past, we have such significant scale in North America around our payments. You see incremental revenue growth come on at very high margins. So are the margins going to be sustainable? Yes, as long as we have that growth, the team does an excellent job of controlling their costs. And it goes back to our leveraged processing environment. So as you bring these incremental transactions, whether it's on NYCE, whether it's on bill payment, whether it's on debit or credit, you're seeing those incremental fees. We also have some layering-in around term fees from M&I that we talked about in the investor update as well. But all in all, we are very pleased with payment performance. NYCE is continuing to perform very well, as Woody highlighted, bill payments continue to highlight very well, and you're just seeing the scale of that processing environment.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. From a strategic advantage standpoint, Brett, I mean, we've talked about this in the past, I really believe we're looking at the new normal here. And so when you think about it, are we going to drive business through our investments? I think the result of this is everybody's going to need to make these level of investments in order to compete. Our customers are looking for this level of security and risk management. As we've highlighted in the past, we've hired 2 very significant leaders over that area, Greg Montana and Greg Schaffer. They're both doing an outstanding job driving our security and risk management protocols. And it's resonating in our conversations. I will tell you, we don't have -- especially in the large financial institution market, we really don't have a conversation where at some point in time, we don't get into what are the best practices that we're pursuing around risk and security. And so I do think under the new normal, this will pay dividends for us in the future.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, David, I'd be happy to. We've talked about this in the past, and we're really not seeing any change, definitely in community markets. Do we see some pricing compression? Yes. But we're not seeing any increase in the rate of that compression, so it seems to be fairly consistent. What we do see in community banks though is as we go through those sales processes, the fact of the breadth of our solution allows us to garner much higher wallet share, and therefore, our revenue is able to well over drive any of -- anything in the pricing compression marketplace. When you start moving up into the large financial institutions or the international markets, those are much more complex, heavily services loaded type engagements, and so we don't see as much pricing compression there. The reality is where we get differentiated around our services component is the financial knowledge that we bring around financial services, but also the knowledge, the intellectual property knowledge, we bring around our products allow us to differentiate there. And really, we don't see as much pricing compression going on in those markets.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, the quick answer is they're both in green status and both going very well. I was just over in India recently and met with the team, and we're doing exceptionally well on our launch. We are right on target across all of our key metrics, and the same thing is going on with the large investment institution. The team is doing an excellent job of deploying against that contract. So currently, everything is in green status, and we feel great about those 2 engagements.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. This is Gary. When you look at what we've accumulated from an asset pool standpoint over the last 10 years with acquisitions, when you look at what we've launched with just new development, what we're seeing is as our customers or as our prospects are trying to drive down their costs and be more competitive in this market, they're broadening their spending with single solution providers. So to answer your question specifically, we're seeing it across all of our markets, we are seeing a much broader solution set that we're selling at the time whether that's in renewal, so that we're gaining more wallet share through the renewal process, and frankly, throughout the term of the agreement. But even on our new sales where we don't have any pre-existing relationship like the example we highlighted with Guaranty Bank, we're seeing those guys take out a much, much broader set of our capabilities. And then that goes on beyond just product, we're also seeing a lot of services demand and a lot of outsourcing demand, which translates into larger and larger deals we're signing.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. It will be a multi-quarter ramp that will be ramping on throughout this year, or later this year.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, first thing. The network solutions example that we highlighted was really geared around the outsourcing of the full complement of the IT network within financial institutions. And so that's a key area, as people securities, responsibilities and availability continues to increase. Customers are looking for more sophisticated offerings in there, and that was the example we gave. Your second question around PayNet, we continue to see good momentum in PayNet. We continue to sign up customers. It's a really unique value proposition, so we're seeing good growth in transaction, good growth in clients, but it's still small to be contributing any meaningful dollars to the revenue top or bottom line. As we highlighted when we announced that these sort of -- these types of innovations ramp up over a couple of years and then start generating meaningful dollars in that 2- and 3-year out period. But good results. I've talked about our client conference that we had, we had phenomenal attendance, and certainly, PayNet was a key centerpiece of that conference and a lot of demand for it there.
Gary A. Norcross: We do. Our bill payment group is doing an excellent job. I mean, we've launched P2P product, FIS people pay out of that group. We continue to see strong demand in the open market for our bill payment capabilities, and as evidenced by consistent quarters of good solid growth. And so the sales pipeline is strong around bill payment, and we continue to feel like we got a very competitive offering in the market.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, I think there is a couple of things. I think one thing we're seeing is -- and we saw it all throughout 2012 and it's continued into 2013, we've really seen a shift towards much broader outsourcing and much broader services around product. Historically, we had a lot of business around license fees, and actually, product licensing and then, some short-term professional services for installation or customization. But we've seen that move in a much more material way as highlighted by the First National Bank of Puerto Rico, as highlighted by the India deal. We're seeing a lot more transactions moving towards outsourcing. We also, throughout Europe, we're seeing customers really starting to engage our consulting practice because they've got to figure out how to get costs out of their environment. And that is really the first step, where you'll start seeing clients ask for help, engage, to do a consulting engagement, to figure out how you transform the institution. So that's a good sign for us as well, and we think that always precedes certainly than more talk around outsourcing and actually delivering the product as they go through the transformation process.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, it continues to do very well. It's been a great acquisition for us. It's really falling in with exactly what our expectations were around the strategy of why we did the deal. We're seeing strong growth, and as you guys know, Capco's predominantly in Europe and the U.S. We're seeing growth in both Europe and the U S. And really in that large financial institution marketplace where Capco can lead with their industry expertise, we've hired a lot of really, really strong talent in the retail banking side is well, which is helping with the growth and complements our FIS product solutions suite. So as I shared earlier, continued strength in the consulting business.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, we've actually seen, if you remember, when we originally bought Capco, they -- we have not -- we actually lost one of the largest clients due to the economic collapse, and we had a decision to make, do you actually take out headcount or do you sell through that. We chose to sell through that and end up being a very, very good decision. As a result of that, as we've sold through, we've seen our margins actually increase substantially from that low point, and they've been a very nice tailwind for us. Keep in mind, we've said this before, our consulting business will never approach the margins of our processing business, they just can't. That's not the nature of those businesses. And so really, the secret sauce, so to speak, is how do you leverage that consulting to drive, transform the services and processing into FIS. And we're starting to see the results of that, and we've highlighted a few on prior calls. But good margin momentum. It will definitely attain -- that group will definitely attain margins equal to or greater than some of the larger consulting practices in the industry.
Gary A. Norcross: No, I think it's going to be pretty much as we laid out. You continue to see our sales execution, which continues to allow us to sell through, through that situation. But as Frank mentioned, we've got a great relationship with them, continue to do business together, and the sales team continues to execute and -- for 2014 as we bring on new clients.
Gary A. Norcross: The ELO card has actually come online a little slower than what I think we originally thought, and I think you guys have seen some of the same thing. There continues to be steady growth in that. But I would tell you, overall, our overall card business is growing very, very nicely down there. We continue to see the portfolio of cards we offer grow substantially. So we are still bullish on Brazil. We're excited about the opportunity of bringing on American Express. We're excited about new customers we're on-boarding. But I would say ELO has been more of a slower on the ramp up than what we originally expected. I do think that there will be a point where that program will break, and we'll see a good strong growth out of it.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, Peter, this is Gary. As I shared on another question, these innovation stuff, whether it's PayNet, whether it's People Pay, whether it's mobile, these are things that you invest today to really be material growers 2 or 3 years out. We think it's relevant that we have 19 million users on mobile now. We think it's relevant. We've got 3 million remote deposit capture customers. As Woody said, we're seeing great growth, great sales momentum. But these are things like 5 years ago when we were investing in next-generation core, and now you see the benefit of that investment through a lot of our profile announcements on all that growth, you're going to see similar results of that around mobility and around next-generation payments.
Gary A. Norcross: This one's been a nice one for us. The integration is going very smoothly because we actually had a partnership prior to the acquisition that started in roughly 2008, and we've seen that grow quite a bit. So this one's been a very smooth integration for us, and our customers see that.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, George. We actually had seen solid growth, actually strong growth in our consulting business. Where we've seen our growth slow would be around some of the product sales and some of the more product-oriented solutions. But as I shared with you, we see that as a precursor, the consulting business, and working through the transformation roadmaps are precursor of what we believe will translate into solid processing growth. With that being said, we're still seeing Europe grow. It's not -- it hasn't been -- it still has shown growth throughout the quarters, but we've seen more growth on the consulting side for sure.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, win rate is hard to measure. But we would tell you we definitely been taking share. We definitely have been seeing good solid growth in our total contract value. The sales team has been executing exceptionally well in those markets. We're seeing it not only on the renewal front but also in competitive takeaway in the community banking space.
James W. Woodall: Some of those term fees that I mentioned in the call really aligned into both FSG and PSG, and gave a bit of a tailwind in the quarter.
James W. Woodall: I'll talk about kind of the numbers and then let Gary kind of highlight what competitive distinction there. The increase in the first quarter was almost entirely related to incremental security and risk management initiatives. We talked about spending a lot of resource in both those areas. If you look at full year, we kind of anticipate corporate costs to run a little more in the $100 million to $105 million a quarter, Brett. So a little lower as we go along throughout the year, but we are going to continue to invest in risk management and security in 2013 and beyond.
James W. Woodall: Yes. I mean, as we go through the planning process, every year, we plan for some level of term fees, as you can imagine. We did anticipate 2013 was going to be a little bit heavier based on the de-conversion activity from the fall of last year that we previously disclosed to you. So not only were they're a little heavy in the first quarter, we knew that the first half of the year was even going to be a little heavy. And then beyond that, the timing is a little lumpy. Sometimes, you can't exactly predict when the actual de-conversion of term fees will actually flow. All that said, if you kind of pull out the balance of the term fees, we were more in line with that 30 to 50 basis points of margin expansion we've been talking about.
James W. Woodall: I think fully diluted -- bear with me. Fully diluted was 295.5 million and basic was 292.6 million as of March.
James W. Woodall: Well, I'll try to answer your first question first. If you kind of pull the term fees out, as we've talked about, it'd be more in line with that 30 to 50 basis points of expansion we've talked about. We anticipate a similar level of business flow over the course of the year, which typically puts a little higher margin towards the back end of the year. That may not hold 100% true this year because of the weighting of terms fees that we got in the first half related to the M&I de-conversion. As you remember, about 70% of those term fees related to M&I were going to be in the first half of the year. So it may put a little bit of a skewing in the traditional margin expansion, Ashwin, that you talk about over the course of the year. But we still feel good about the overall 30 to 50 basis points for the full year. In the second quarter, we still feel okay about where we're headed, but we've got some difficult comps as we saw some really strong growth in the Payments business in the second quarter last year. So there's some more difficult comps in Q2 to continue to grow that expansion sequentially.
James W. Woodall: No, I don't think so. We've kind of outlined the de-conversion fees and how they would lay out, kind of heavier in the front half of the year, that laid out pretty close to exactly what our expectations were. We continued to work with them closely and they're a great client for us.
James W. Woodall: A couple of thoughts. One, we really don't try to model quarterly cash flow. We really look at more of the full year. The last few years, we've been able to over drive adjusted net earnings conversion into cash. We had some working capital items in Q1 that shifted a little bit, but we are very close to our plan, our internal plan, with regard to free cash flow in Q1 and still feel very good about the full year guidance regarding free cash flow.
James W. Woodall: I think we were pleased with the growth in the first quarter. We laid out our guidance back in February, as we finished up our plan end of last year and we anticipate a little bit of dilution from some of that de-conversion activity we talked about last year. But we saw solid results and are very encouraged by where organic growth flow through in the first quarter, particularly with the acceleration of international and getting back to where our expectations were. Beyond that, I think the full year still kind of outline within that guidance range, but very encouraged about first quarter results.
James W. Woodall: That's right, we've got some seasonality in the Payments business and some more difficult comps. We saw significant growth in 2012 as we annualize kind of some of the Durbin benefit that we saw. So we saw really good growth last year. So we've got a more challenging grow over, if you will, flowing into 2013.
James W. Woodall: Well, I think you kind of look at some of these larger deals, right? We've signed Webster, we got the India ATM, we got the FirstBank of Puerto Rico, we got GE Capital, Guaranty Bank, Bremer Bank, all of these high, high sales execution activities that we are seeing and have seen are going to push us through 2014 and really ultimately recover where we were from the M&I loss.
James W. Woodall: Well, the $14 million was related to the M&I de-conversion specifically. We had some additional term fees in the first quarter, and those were a little lumpier than we anticipated. We do anticipate that $14 million level in Q2, and then it tailing off, as we've described in previous calls, about 70% of the M&I term fees were going to be in the first half of the year.
James W. Woodall: We're not going to give you full year -- I mean, first quarter term fees year-over-year. Again, they were a little lumpy. We try not to budget them in a quarter. We try to look at them as where we anticipate the full year will be. So that's kind of where we're going to land. We think the full year is going to be heavier than in the past, really driven because of the M&I termination.
James W. Woodall: Yes. I think we previously guided to it being slightly dilutive in 2013, but we're not going to give specific guidance on the revenue base. We can tell you that the mobile numbers in the first quarter were significant growers, but in the big scheme of things, they're not needle-movers yet.
James W. Woodall: Yes, I think it's on the margin side, right? We saw some of the cost takeout flowing through that was benefiting Q2 and that's where I'm talking more of the difficult comp.
Frank R. Martire: Brett, I would suggest that these type of investments are being made by our competitors and certainly by our clients, right? So our clients are doing the exact same thing as they drum up their security.
Frank R. Martire: And John, this is Frank. We've seen that movement to outsourcing, as Gary is mentioning, from the community banks to the top-tier banks in the country. So it's clearly going to that direction at all the market segments.
Frank R. Martire: John, on new acquisitions, you look at least to meet the expectations or exceed, and Capco has been on the exceed side of the ledger.
Frank R. Martire: Yes, Bryan, we are encouraged by the first quarter, we are also encouraged by the pipeline, which is very strong for us. And now, it's just a question of execution, again, for sales to close. But clearly, we're to use the right word, we are encouraged.
