Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Tien-tsin Huang - JP Morgan Chase Glenn Greene - Oppenheimer Bryan Keane - Deutsche Bank  David Togut - Evercore  Ramsey El-Assal - Jefferies Peter Heckmann - Avondale Partners 
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: Great, good morning everybody. So, just a first question on the buyback plan, I mean obviously a fairly material increase. But you said earlier, I think you bought back about half of what your authorization was last year and now with the $2 billion authorization. I mean are we talking about a pretty aggressive year of buy back with – I mean can you give us a sense of what percentage of authorization we should be looking for.
Darrin Peller - Barclays Capital: All right, just this last question and I’ll turn it back in the queue. In the domestic markets, I mean are we seeing the vendor consolidation that’s really driving this and there’s definitely been a lot more RFPs than we’ve seen. Like you said earlier, at any point in the past few years. Again, is that just a consolidation phase going on, we’re banks are thinking we prefer to use one or two or three vendors versus others or can you give us a little more color there and then I’ll just turn back.
Frank Martire: Thank you Nancy and welcome to the FIS team. Good morning everyone and thank you for joining us on today's call. 2013 proved to be another very strong year for FIS. We again drove consistent execution against our targets and delivered solid returns to our shareholders. I am proud of the progress we are making to execute this strategy we outlined in February 2012.  We continue to build global scale in 2013, finishing the year with record revenue of $6.1 billion, adjusted EBITDA of $1.8 billion and adjusted earnings per share of $2.83. We generated $1.2 billion operating cash flow and free cash flow of $826 million. We are delivering on our commitments.  Additionally organic revenue growth of 5% came in at the high end of our guidance range. This marks our third consecutive year delivering organic growth of 5%. We grew earnings per share by 13% to $2.83, which was the midpoint of the EPS guidance that we gave you in October, resulting in a five year compound annual growth rate of 14%.  In addition, our continued sales success included multiple deals in the large North American and global financial markets. We finished the year on strong footing with a robust pipeline and good visibility heading into 2014.  Also consistent with the strategy we outlined last February, we are using our significant cash flow to drive value for our clients and our investors. First we continue to invest for growth; second, we strengthen our balance sheet achieving our leverage target and investment grad ratings from all three rating agencies; third, we returned $732 million to our shareholders or approximately 90% of our free cash flow. We remain focused on returning cash through a 9% increase in the quarterly dividend and the new $2 billion share repurchase program.  All of these actions reflect the confidence we have in our business and underscore our commitment to further enhancing shareholder returns. By all accounts, 2013 was another successful year.  The success of our company ties directly to our employees’ hard work and dedication to service our clients. For that I want to personally thank our leadership team and our 39,000 employees worldwide. I also would like to thank our loyal clients who depend on us and trust us to keep their businesses running every day. It is because of our clients and employees that FIS continues to rank as the number one FinTech Company in the world.  Now I will turn the call over to Gary for our business strategy and operating highlights. Gary. 
Frank Martire: Yes Ashwin, thanks. I’ll hit the last question first. If you remember, term fees were weighted about 70% in the first half with the term fees related to BMO about 70% in the first half compared to 30% in the back half. So if you take our $40 million term fee we disclosed, we’re looking at $28 million in the first half of the year as a tough comp.  In terms of looking at the composition of EBIDA versus EPS growth, first and foremost the investment is about $0.07 to be clear. So without that investment we’re looking at more of a 10% to 14% type EPS growth and that investment is about 50 basis points of margin. But bridging all the way down the EPS growth, your seeing us buy I guess $400 million, $450 million and $475 million over the last three years in terms of share buy backs. Leaving our debt at or around 2.5 times, not de-leveraging any further, you could see that increasing some what is our plan for 2014 in terms of share buy back.
Frank Martire: We’ve kind of outlined organic growth, so we pulled out the FX on the revenue. To the extent we’ve got impact on the EPS line, a significant attachment, we’ll call it out on the individual call versus trying to give you any kind of headlights on that right now.
Frank Martire: And Brett I think the thing that’s happening here is what we talked about on our last few calls. As we went back a few years we used to talk about one or two large deals, now we talk about you know 10, 15, 20 significantly sized deals that are in our pipeline.
Frank Martire: Yes, so if you think about it Brett, we’ve identified a number of financial institutions that fall in this category for us. Obviously there is actually more than what we put in this past quarter, but we think there’s about 30 institutions that we can truly square off against some of these opportunities and win new business, and so what we’re building at is dedicated teams for some of these financial institutions that we weren’t serving throughout the year.  I mean we were trying to serve them through the leverage teams, and what we’ve realized is really building out a robust team that can dedicate it to one of these global financial institutions; that’s where you’re going to find the opportunity. You’re going to start with typically some type of transformational consulting engagement. That will typically follow on like what we mentioned with some large program management opportunities and then you’re going to follow on with products and services as we’ve seen with the success at Sainsbury.  So we think the model works very well. We’ve proven that model throughout 2013. When we look at the opportunity across those institutions, the need to build out some more dedicated teams just makes sense.  So to Ashwin’s point earlier, it is a one-time, meaning it’s a one-time ramp, but these are going to be ongoing calls for these dedicated teams. Of course as we get success across these other institutions, don’t be surprised when we come back and build out additional teams for other larger institutions we’re not serving. But we’re very confident and bullish that there’s an opportunity here and that we need to go put up the teams in place to go get some of that opportunity.
Frank Martire: Yes, we haven’t disclosed total revenue around that Dave. What I can tell you is, it’s not a giant contributor at this point, but it’s growing very rapidly right now. So again, we haven’t disclosed a particular dollar amount, but the growth profile is extremely exciting.
Frank Martire: No, we expect that to be effectively flat to 2013 and ’14; that will be sort of the expected number. You saw a ramp up continuing in security and risk in 2013, which was the primary driver of that major growth component for the full year. We did see some increases in per-claim costs in our healthcare area in the back half of the year, but we believe that’s really more of a normal area. We expect corporate costs to be effectively flat.
Frank Martire: No, again, as we talked about the difficult costs, we’ve got some challenging comps in the first half of the year and believe a combination of the removal of those difficult comps, combined with some acceleration of these signings, revenue growing will be higher in the back half of the year this year.
Frank Martire: Well, we haven’t really guided specifically to the dollar amounts in here, but you can see over the past three years our default use of cash has been share buyback. Should we find some M&A activity that’s accretive in nature and very strategic to us, we could do some of that, but again our default use is share buy back.  You couple that with leaving our leverage at 2 to 2.5 or slightly below 2.5, with EBITDA growth we could potentially take on some debt to maintain our leverage profile, but we’ll buy shares ratably. The buy back was over 40 years, so if you do that ratably, that’s a 500 million range or so and we’ll continue to take out option dilution as well, so.
Frank Martire: You know here in the international growth we look at, Capco’s been a great acquisition for us in consulting and it has done very well for us, but the international business stand alone has been incredibly successful for us over multiple years and that’s why you hear so much optimism here. 
Frank Martire: Right, which is a model we prefer, obviously you get license fees, you get a much more spiky revenue and profit screen, but this give us a much more predictable, and frankly gives us good vision into what the future holds. 
Frank Martire: I think what we’re seeing in the U.S. is financial institutions are coming out of the financial crisis of 2008. They’ve weathered the storm. You see the number of closures have pretty much all gone away. So they’ve worked through their loan issues and now they are focused on how do you get more efficient? How do you get more leverage and more platforms that allow them to compete in the market and so because of that what we’re really seeing is not only in the largest banks, but all the way through the community banking market we are seeing a lot more RFPs, and I think its just a combination of weathering those storms and working through their own issues and now focusing on the future and all those drive great opportunities for us at FIS.
Frank Martire: We are starting to see more opportunities out there Tien-tsin as we look around. Frankly, as you know we’ve been very picky around what we look for. Frankly, it means to bring a new product and or service for an existing market we serve or break us into a new market.  Do we have some more room? We’ve done some tuck-in acquisitions throughout last year. Those have been very successful for us. Would we change our capital allocation policy? No. I mean we’re very focused on keeping investment grade; we’re very focused on as you see with the increase of our dividend of 9%, very focused on our share buy back in investing our solutions.  But would we do something that is more medium sized, that had the right fit and could drive, a company faster? Sure, we would look at that, but we’re really not in the market to just go buy overlapping product and services and troubled companies, that doesn’t make sense for us. We certainly have a lot of available cash in our international markets. As you pointed out, Europe, that’s very tax efficient to be able to use it that way, but we’re continuing with our very diligent approach to looking it up.
Frank Martire: It’s a great question and honestly one that we’re – when you look we’ve been very pleased with the capital acquisition. It just couldn’t have gone better for us from the standpoint of their growth, really pulling that up under. Rob Heyvaert is the founder of Capco. We’re actually placing in him, placed our global financial institution business also up under Rob. So we see tremendous benefit as we pull the center of these together of the leading financial services consulting arm, with the leading product and services arm in the industry and so we do see some great opportunities there and those will naturally align.  Do Capco have relationships in those institutions? Yes. FIS does as well and so that combination we think will really be positive for us.
Frank Martire: Well, competition would be the list of the usual suspects, so obviously we’ve run into their centers of the world. We’ve run into the large Indian firms, still run into in-house development organizations a lot, right, so the technology on the financial institutions that we’re competing with. But as you can see in our recent success and signings, I mean we feel good about our capabilities, and keep in mind, the financial institutions are looking to bring not only their cost down, but being able to streamline their operations to compete more effectively and there is really no one better than FIS at doing that.
Frank Martire: Its incremental investment, ‘13 to ’14, but those ongoing payroll dollars, etcetera, should be in our numbers. But we probably anticipate to get revenue growth from returns on those investments.
Frank Martire: And just to add on that Bryan. Some of that, to Woody’s point, I mean we feel very confident in the growth, but a lot of these businesses are tied to transaction volumes and growth in those as well, and so that’s what’s exciting about some of this long term business.  When you look at the India component as an example, we keep bringing that up, but that’s going to ramp up over the three or four years. Right now we are seeing good adoption around those deployments and so as that continues, as financial inclusion grabs hold more throughout India, I mean we could further push our growth even higher. So we think there’s just a great opportunity here to consistently perform in the international market. 
Frank Martire: Bryan, what we like a lot is the recurring revenue model in this international growth. So once you get it, you have a long-term revenue steam coming from it; that continues as Gary just said, to grow. 
Frank Martire: Well, kind of conversely to what we talked about in Financial Solutions International, which has the consulting and services, which is a bit of a drag on margins. Because its in the leverage platforms, each incremental sale, each incremental revenue dollar comes out of a very high incremental margin and that’s a lot of what we saw this year. As we saw growth in bill pays, Gary described we continue to see growth in the network business as those dollars come on at a very good margin. So that’s really what we’re talking about. That’s the primary driver of what we saw in margin growth in 2013. 
Frank Martire: Yes, so first I was just over there in Q4 for the BMB launch and obviously as you would expect, you can’t step foot in that country and not talk about that opportunity and where we are. The project is going very well. I think as we discussed when we announced that project, its about a four year ramp to get to full capacity. So I would say we are right on target with our projects. Still less that 50%, but the team is executing it extremely well.  Some of the other, as you might remember, that went out to bit and there were a lot of what they call circles that were awarded to various people and I do think some of the circles are struggling. We’ve actually seen some wins in new business in those circles that we didn’t win, because the financial institutions are looking to get ATMs deployed and the people that won those circles are struggling.  So once again I just keep coming back to, it really makes us encouraged about our opportunities because when you see FIS win these large complex things, the team executes very well, we deliver on time, on budget and hit the numbers, and so we are still very confident in the business phase. I would say we are still in the bottom half and the team is deploying exceptionally well. 
Frank Martire: Thank you. Well, thank you for your questions and interest in FIS. Over the last decade FIS had emerged as the global market leader in financial technology. Our scale, solution breadth, unmatched financial industry expertise enables our clients to succeed in this era of rapid change and financial services.  So let me conclude today’s call by reinforcing four key points; we operate FIS in a great industry with strong fundamentals. Our proven business model, including high recurring revenue and cash flow drives stability and predictability. We have a very strong track record of profitable growth. Finally, we remain focused on returning cash and driving superior returns for our shareholders.  Again, I want to thank you for joining us on today’s call. Have a great day. 
Gary Norcross: Yes, now Ashwin, this is Gary. I think that’s a great question. If you look at the success that we’re having with global financial institutions and frankly just look at the historic success of FIS, as we build traction in that market, as we’ve seen capital come on and penetrate the consulting services business and gain more share in that space and the success we’ve had there.  As we’ve gotten some of the signing as I highlighted two Tier I signings in Q4, we’re just very bullish on that market and see a very unique opportunity, and so based on that confidence that we’ve had from the past, we thought it was time to increase our go-to-market staff there. So you’ll see us adding people around global client partners, which in building out teams that we can square off against these very large financial institutions more effectively, because we think there’s other opportunities these that we’re just not getting. Obviously as Woody talked about earlier, there’s some mix issues as we see that, but we’re very confident that not only do we get strong revenue growth, we get strong EBITDA production through these engagements as well.  So the reason why we’re carving it out, it is an additional investment that’s not typical for us. We’ve waited to see us getting some traction and with that traction, with that confidence and with the opportunity, we think now is the time to invest more people to go square off on some of those sales engagements and we readily expect as you know, this should push our growth higher, and if it doesn’t, we’ll actually pull down the investment. But we feel confident that there’s enough opportunity there that we can growth this market.
Gary Norcross: Yes, at its current course and speed. I mean it will be a very major contributor to our overall top line and bottom line and it is within the financial segment and does show the traction that we’re just getting in North America and frankly building on the strength of the mFoundry acquisition.  So that’s turned out to be a phenomenal acquisition for us, the integration back into our channel delivery strategies has worked very, very well and we’re just thinking it’s a great momentum there. But it’s going to be a big contributor for us, there’s no question.
Gary Norcross: To add some color to that, license revenue in the fourth quarter of ’13 was down 6%, revenue growth was 13%. So it’s a combination of processing and outsourcing deals and consulting as well.
Gary Norcross: Yes, we’re still confident in our 12% to 15% CAGR. Haven’t adjusted anything on our long-term guidance. What we did do is to call out the margin expansion issue will be a little muted because of the specific investment. 
Gary Norcross: Now, we try to stay away from giving those type of numbers. David I can tell you it was up. As you know 2012 was a very strong year for us as well, 2013 was up over 2012. We saw sequential growth Q4 over Q3 and we continue to see a very robust pipeline.  So we do see as we mentioned throughout the call, our mix continues to change, but we think that’s a positive thing. It just helps the strength and capabilities of what FIS has to deliver and it allows us to square off where those opportunities are. So while we are seeing more opportunity around complex business services, complex outsourcing engagement, that’s a positive that we have capacities to deliver on that. 
Gary Norcross: No, it’s a great question and I tried to bring some focus on the midsize and community banks. I mean if you referenced the mobile banking, if you reference the bill payment, if you look at those engagements, a lot of that is penetrated through the community and mid-tier markets. So we are still seeing strong demand for cross-sells and up-sells to that market.  Really that capability of that end-to-end outsourced solution or back office services is resonating there. From a competitive situation in that market, we see the same original, the same competitors you can name and while it is competitive, are we seeing any increase in pricing compression? In the aggregate, I would say no.  We run into an occasional deal where there is some significant price increase. But typically as we’ve done in the past, you’re able to cross sell and up-sell additional product and service that not only covers the price compression, but also grows our revenue stream for us and in a fairly good manner.  So we still are very bullish on that market. We think we’ve got a great position in that market and a great product suite and our sales team is executing very well. 
Gary Norcross: Well, we’re going to have to leave the launch to MCX. That’s up to them to announce that. I know they’ve been kind of slow coming out with what their plans are. Its not been due to lack of work. I mean we talked about out pricing model. Really we are paid for building out and running the network and settling the transaction. So we really don’t have any interchange involvement at all. That’s going be settled out with the financial institutions and so as their transaction volumes grow, we naturally grow.  If you remember when we disclosed that for the first time in one of our quarterly calls, there are minimums in the contract and you will start seeing contribution this year from MCX to FIS from a revenue standpoint. 
Gary Norcross: It was a fairly sizable contract growth at the time we disclosed it. It’s a very nice engagement even with the minimums.
Gary Norcross: Yes, obviously Ramsey, I think that’s one the largest card breaches in history and we don’t do much on the acquiring side. So we are pretty much immune to it.  From an issuing standpoint, we are seeing some increased demand in the re-issuance of cards, which is very important in this process. We got capacity to do well over 200 million cards a year through that environment. We are starting to have more discussions around risk opportunities. In conclusion if you highlighted any EMV, that’s the strength of FIS, one of the things that we bring to the table that people don’t realize is we are one of the largest processes of EMV in the industry given our presence in Europe, given our presence in Latin-American and other areas. So our systems have been EMV enabled for years now and so we are very well positioned as EMV comes online in the U.S.  We got the capability to product those chip cards and so we are seeing, not in a lot of conversations, but starting to see some growth in actually re-issuance and some people looking – is this now the time to take advantage to go ahead and produce a chip card, given the fact that we got to go though the re-issuance process anyway. So that’s really been our exposure, what happened on our side of the target. 
Gary Norcross: You know we haven’t at this point Pete. We are such a large producer of plastics ourselves and typically we produce that plastic in relationship to our debit and credit operations. So while that business continues to grow, I mean it did perform well. We certainly have seen some increase in volume and we’ve associated that with targets, because a lot of them have been reissuing. But no, we’re not seeing just this massive influx of plastic production.  It’s been very steady and constant throughout 2013 and frankly we think that’s going to continue throughout 2014. As I said to the earlier question, we are seeing more demand around EMV issuance or chip-card issuance, which is positive and we’re prepared and are delivering that today. 
Woody Woodall: The last is based on a couple of things. I think Gary just summarized it really nice. It’s the impact of the sales we’ve seen, that track record we’ve had. What is important is the pipeline we see in front of us.
Woody Woodall: It’s a great question Brett and you know we typically stay away from sizing individual deals. We certainly sized the India ATM deal as $500 million, at the time we disclosed that. These are very large, they are much larger than the $25 million in size.  Sainsbury as you would imagine ramps up over a period of time, because it’s a very large implementation as we convert it onto all of our products and services, but all of these that I mentioned are much larger than the $25 million in size, so they are very good deals for us.
Woody Woodall: Yes David, I wouldn’t call the number yet meaningful, but I would say to you the potential and the opportunity is very meaningful, that’s what we see.
Woody Woodall: As you know Dave, I mean you know this business well. That’s why we highlighted Cencosud on the call. You know we signed that in Q1, we implemented it in Q4. That’s about as aggressive as you can get with these large transactions, so there’s typically a ramp of anywhere from nine to 18 months, to bring these online. The India ATM deal was longer just given the scope, but a lot of these will be contributors in the first and the second half.
Woody Woodall: Yes Darrin, I think there’s a couple of things. So first, I mean you got to look back historically. I mean we now had five consecutive years of very strong double-digit growth, compounded annual growth. So we’re very confident we can keep this continued.  Some of the things that’s driving it actually, the consulting component is actually a relatively small piece. We are just seeing great movement and we will talk about it on prior calls, tremendous movement towards our solutions and capabilities, especially on an outsourcing basis.  So you’ve seen three or four years ago a much heavier license component and much more discreet independent decision, today you are seeing the Sainsbury bank moving pretty much everything they have across core banking and payments on a full-on outsourcing basis.  You know those kind of deals didn’t occur three or four years ago. You’re seeing the India ATM, which is a huge ATM payment outsourcing engagement and then you continue to see our growth in Latin America. So what’s happening is these larger financial institutions within these countries, and as we talked on prior calls, we’re very focused on a dozen very discreet countries where we’re going deep in those countries by broadening our solution set in those.  You’re seeing them struggle under their own regulatory burdens. Frankly you are seeing them struggle on getting their cost out. Very similar to what we saw here in the U.S. and so for that they are turning and now starting to look for outsourcing opportunities and how to get on a product that’s being built for many institutions that they can leverage, and so that’s really the success of our growth.  And the reason why we’re bullish and feel good about the future in international is how robust the pipeline is. I mean when you look at the kind of deals the team’s engaging against, as I said three years ago we’re heavily license laden, now its almost all outsourcing. So that shift from license to outsourcing model has occurred much more rapid in the international markets than we thought, and it makes us much more confident.  And it also makes us – frankly the nature of our business makes us much more immune to economic shifts that occur within these countries. These are critical applications that are required to keep the lights on. So at the end of the day, no matter what’s going on in the economic, you got to process your payment transactions, you got to process your banking accounts and so we’re confident about on what the future holds for us in these markets.
Woody Woodall: Darrin, they are looking to increase market share right and they are being aggressive about it and they know for a fact they needed more competitive products in order to be able to do that and that’s why I think you see that increased activity also.
Woody Woodall: We talked to you a couple of years ago about being focused on organic growth and that’s what you’ve seen us do. We internalize, we’ve stayed focused on our organic growth with some tuck-in acquisitions. You never say never to something that’s large, right, but I think mid-tier and mid type acquisitions, some we may look at, but the reality is we’ve been very focused on organic growth in the company and we’re going to keep that focus.
Woody Woodall: And we have a very unique opportunity with the combination of our services and our products as we bring it together.
Woody Woodall: I apologize, you’re going to see a one-time ramp in resource and then obviously the resource will continue, but we expect that resource to drag some significant revenue opportunities for us. 
Woody Woodall: Absolutely. I think what we’re saying is, we will manage it well. If we put incremental investment, its because we’re seeing a nice return. If we decided to tone back the investment and pull it back a little bit because we are not being as successful as we thought we would be. But right now we are incredibly optimistic that we will be. 
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think I sill start around the international. You will see a continued acceleration of growth there. In our payments business you’re still looking at sort of low to mid-single digits and then the FSG is sort of low to mid-single, mid-single digit kind of growth there, with some acceleration in the back half of the year. 
Woody Woodall: In terms of margins I would say, the consulting and services, the shift in the revenue and we’ll continue to put some pressure in the FSG business in terms of margin. We believe we will get some expansion internationally and then payments continue to have very rich margins. 
Woody Woodall: Well we’re really pleased with the outlook from the fourth quarter at 13%, so I don’t know what mid to high means for you, but we’re very pleased with 13%. Our ’14 plan will allow the deal signings that we have; it looks pretty solid. So I would say we feel really good about our ability to continue to accelerate international revenue growth. 
Woody Woodall: Yes, the term fee challenge is going to be there in terms of the FSG segment. Some of the term fees are also in PSG, don’t forget that. But what we are seeing really is that consulting and services growth and FSG putting some drag on margin in that particulate segment. Again, trying to accelerate top line growth and trading some margin expansion for profit dollars being the trade we are willing to make. 
Woody Woodall: I think we gave you some color on that in the third quarter. I might have to get back with you on that one though. 
Woody Woodall: David I will add some color. If you remember 2012, that was our highest sales year ever, including that $0.5 billion India deal and we had incremental growth over that. 
Woody Woodall: I would say your 4.5% organic is what we are looking at. Additionally to it, first half of the year has difficult comps on the term fees that we talked about as well.
