Stephanie Ferris: Sure, Rayna. Thanks for the question. So as I discussed in my prepared remarks, banks are really focused, as you would expect, on deposits. And so as part of those conversations, they're looking in terms of how did they gather deposits, can they continue to do it digitally through their branch network or would they like to set up digital banks that will enable them to further gather deposits. That's a big conversation we're having with them. And we think our D1 product and our MBP product are perfect products for those conversations, and we're having those. In addition to that, as part of the deposit-gathering, and I mentioned this as well, we're seeing a lot of accounts getting opened across the banking system. And so I think I mentioned, since the first quarter, overall net-new banking accounts are up since March and continued to be up across the banking system. And as we mentioned, both deposit growth, net-new deposit growth as well as transactions is what drives the organic recurring revenue growth in both the Banking and Capital Markets segments. I'd say the final thing we're talking to them about is profitability, as you might expect, given deposits, they're focused on deposits as well as impending increased regulatory challenges. They're looking at their profitability across the board. And having conversations with us around outsourcing more of their activities, moving more products to digital, which are all conversation starters for us as we look at our product set across the board. With respect to the sales piece, I think, Erik mentioned a couple of things in his prepared remarks. We continue to see backlog being flat. We expected that. We're seeing sales -- as the sales pipelines get repopulated with higher-margin products, we are seeing the closed sales having higher-margin products across the board, so that's exactly the intent that we expected. But as we had predicted, we expected sales backlog to remain flat. It's a fairly complicated measure. And we feel really confident about our guide even with the flat backlog. So seeing some green shoots in terms of the margin profile of the new sales that we're bringing on and feel pretty positively in terms of repopulating the backlog with those types of products and product margins.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, great question, and we are always very focused on this. Every time we do a transaction, we obviously go out and talk to all of our clients. No. So, as you know, Worldpay has been owned by private equity before. That experience for all of our clients that were with us then was positive. There was no disruption. And in fact typically led to more investment, more M&A activity, more products being brought to bear for those clients to be able to utilize. So we're not hearing any concerns, primarily because of the couple of transactions we've done with this asset before. We have a proven track record that we can do these types of transactions and have little to no impact on clients and actually have it be value-enhancing.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, thanks for the question, David. So MBP, as you know, is a best-in-class next-gen componentized architecture for core. I think we were first to market, and it did most recently win a couple of pretty unique awards. So we are up and live with consumer deposits. We have quite a few of our banks have fully rolled out consumer deposits. We went live in second quarter with consumer lending, so that product is up and running. And then I would say as we look at the roadmap over 2024, we obviously -- next step would be commercial deposits. So we're feeling really good about where we are with MBP. We have, as you know, signed over the last 24 months a significant amount of our large financial institutions, they are in the conversion timeline here. We would expect to see several of them become live in the first quarter or second quarter of next year with some of these big key products and are really excited about it, feel good about launching those guys, and then getting the rest of the pipeline live as we move throughout 2024.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, no, so as you know, NYCE is a great asset for FIS. It's one of -- there's only so many networks out there. We continue to see -- Reg II is obviously an opportunity for all of us in the network space and we have a very significant pipeline there. There's a lot of interest as Reg II comes online. It's obviously very competitive, but we're feeling really good about it.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, I think, so on backlog, I think Erik gave some remarks that he can repeat for you. But tough to predict, but our guidance right now assumes backlog remains flat to slightly down over the next three to four quarters. And I'll remind that was the plan as we thought about coming into 2024 and trying to change the margin profile of the products there. I think the thing to understand about the new sales and the backlog and that's why we keep talking about recurring revenue growth is really, obviously, there's a new sales component to it, but there is also the net-new deposit, our net-new account growth plus transaction activity going across the platform that gives us some organic growth while we remix the Banking backlogs. I think with respect to cycle guidance, little bit soon to be giving cycle guidance. I think what we've said around our cycle guide for FIS is a mid-term cycle guide of 3% to 5%. I wouldn't expect us to be giving segment cycle guidance or overall cycle guidance for 2024 until we get closer to the guide for 2024. We're just not ready yet.
Stephanie Ferris: One bit of clarification there. The reduction of the Future Forward is just aligning how much is related to Worldpay with respect to the Future Forward versus RemainCo FIS. We thought that was an important clarification.
Stephanie Ferris: Tien-Tsin, the other thing I would add and thank you for pointing it out is how strong the product set there is in the Capital Markets business and the demand being really high and we continue to be really excited about it. As we think about FIS moving into post the Worldpay transaction, you would look to see us expect to continue to grow this business very significantly. The demand is very high, the products are resonating really well, the transition from non-recurring to recurring is going extremely well, margins look good. So you can expect as we look at capital broadly across the board and investments, we'll continue to make significant investments in this space, given the strength of the product set and how well it resonates with clients.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, I saw that too. Interesting. So we have -- it's a robust backlog. So what we hear from our clients is, can you get us live faster? We're actually not hearing anything about slowing what we have in the backlog. In fact, part of the reason we're really focused on Future Forward, one of the big component pieces of it is, how do we drive implementations faster? It's one of the things that I've asked the team to look at AI. Can we use AI? Can we get our product in development machine there along with our implementations team to move faster? And it's one of the upsides, I think, we can have as Kelly Beatty, who drives our Future Forward program, really pushes that flywheel faster. So I'm not hearing anything from clients in terms of wanting to slow. Actually, what they want to do is get their products out faster for them because they have either savings or growth banked on the back of that.
Stephanie Ferris: Hey, Dave, it's Stephanie. So, yeah, I would think so, yes. Our minority interest stake, we would probably expect to non-GAAP that. But we're working through that, obviously, with our Chief Accounting Officer because that one would be a tough one to actually predict, given that it becomes a part of the company. And then with respect to the revenue dis-synergies, the way we thought about that is broadly across the board, as we think about ecosystem agreements in terms of untangling those, as well as we think about potential, we feel good about keeping the majority of them. And we have the commercial partnerships set up to do that. But we do anticipate some of those partnerships having to be renegotiated across the board and anticipate some of that to get -- to come away from what we had booked originally.
Stephanie Ferris: Sure. Maybe I'll start with the second, and then Erik can lean into the first one. I think as we think about Banking, it's really our flagship business, and we serve both the largest financial institutions in the world as well as our -- through the regionals down into the community banks standpoint. So I think that we still have all the people in place that serve those clients well. Obviously, those clients have different focus areas, priorities, product set needs. So if you're a large SIFI bank, you obviously have a different set of products you're trying to consume for us. You have a very large tech stack, so you consume those products and then you run your own middleware and your own core deposit system. As you think about you go down market into regional space, the regionals are -- we serve all of those. Those are a lot of the Modern Banking Platform business from us. And are really focused on transforming their businesses, not only with new cores, but are really looking at global money movement across the board as they think about their franchises and making sure that they take share there. And we have a lot of products sets there. Then as you move down into the community bank space. As you know, we primarily are the IT and Ops shop for those folks. We run everything, soup to nuts. And what I've heard from them is, look, we want and need FIS to provide the best-in-class products and services because if not, if we're forced to go out, it just becomes very challenging for them in terms of both price, but also adding more vendors in their back office given the tech teams they have. So I would say, we serve all three of those segments very well. They have much different needs and product sets. I think we feel really good about the new talents we brought in, John Durrant leading our Banking Solutions segment and the team that he's putting around him, that's complemented with a lot of the key leaders that we already have here today. And I would also say, for our Capital Markets business, those Nasser Khodri, our President there, those are also serving the largest financial institutions globally. So I think we sit in a really nice spot in terms of having a nice book of business across the board. As you know, we don't serve the smallest community banks or credit unions. We never have. So I think that's a space that you wouldn't look -- see us enter in a significant way. But I think we feel really good about where we are and making sure that our products, that continues to be best-in-class for those banks depending upon what they need. Erik, I'll turn it over to you.
Stephanie Ferris: I think that's fair. I think it's steady for recurring. I think the grow-overs were largely through those big transactions. The grow-overs now sit in non-recurring for us in the back half of this year, which is what's keeping the overall revenue growth guide down. We still have some lumpiness to go, but it's not in recurring.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, Ashwin, great question. I think the way to think about that is we've looked at the products in the mix and really took an approach around, can we improve the either variable cost or fixed cost to make those product margins better. As you know, we have long-term client contracts, so it's a little tough to go in and renegotiate those until they're up for their natural renewal. And we have them covered -- the revenue covers the base. So I think about it more in terms of through Future Forward, how do we continue to improve either the variable cost or the overall fixed cost of the product to improve the margin mix broadly.
Stephanie Ferris: Great question. I think, not really, because what you're seeing in backlog -- the challenge with the mix was really around the large strategic transformative deals that we signed. And by the way, it's not that we wouldn't be interested in those deals. We're just not relying on them in terms of how to drive kind of core organic recurring revenue growth. So if and when we have those, we'll let you know. I wouldn't necessarily think that there'd be a material impact to the change in the backlog through the modeling. I just think it will take too long given the tenure of the contracts.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, sure. So happy to. So I think, think about Amplify, which is our cross-sell initiative, where we're trying -- where we're selling, acquiring into Banking and Capital Markets clients. And then on the flip side, where we're selling either issuing NYCE loyalty, a lot of those products into our Worldpay clients, so think about the corporate clients there. To-date, that has been very successful since the acquisition. However, there hasn't been any revenue share between the segments because we're one company. So I think as we go into two companies, the way to think about it is a very normal commercial agreement, where whichever distribution channel is selling the other's product, you would expect to get a revenue share to compensate that channel for that product sale on a go-forward basis. We're not going to go back and look at what's been sold and create a revenue share on the historical. It would be a pro forma go-forward only. And we think that's really required for two reasons. One, it will preserve the go-forward synergies between the two companies and partnerships, but also really fair in terms of making sure that we are compensating, just like you would in a normal arm's length arrangement, the distribution channel for the product and the product for the distribution channel. So that's how we think about it most simplistically.
Stephanie Ferris: Sure. Yes. It's absolutely a trend. As you know, we're there. We've been there for a long time. We have a significant amount of banks currently testing and certifying for FedNow. We have over 115 banks in the pipeline. We have the ability to ramp hundreds more in the coming quarters, depending upon demand. We're seeing some early momentum probably a bit more than when the Clearing House launched RTP. As you know, the certification is just the first step, and then it continues on from there. I'd say it's early with these things, Lisa. As you know, there's always a lot of hype and promise. And I think we're right there in terms of enablement. TBD in terms of how fast it ramps, what the overall financial impacts are, but I do think it's a really important trend in the market. And FIS is there to enable whomever would like to use it.
Stephanie Ferris: Okay. So let me make sure I clarify because I've gotten two questions, and I want to make sure. We are not stepping away from the large financial institution market. I think what we've called out historically is there have been some large strategic transactions like a T. Rowe Price, for example, where that is a transformative type deal for the institution. Those are not normal backlog type sales. So we're not stepping away from large financial institutions. What I think we've been trying to say is we're not going to rely on those large strategic transactions as a driver for the underlying medium-term cycle guidance for the company of 3% to 5%. We are still absolutely interested in those and pipelining those. We would call them out more specifically. But those were contributors, if you look back at the last couple of years to a couple of percentage points of growth overall in Banking. And so as you think about those normalizing out, and you're coming down from a mid to upper single-digit number, we would think about, like we said, for FIS RemainCo, the 3% to 5% cycle guide on more of a more normalized backlog that doesn't include those. Now to the extent we continue to absolutely participate in those in terms of sales processes. And as we think about those and those opportunities and should we win one of those, which does come with a different margin profile, most of the time, we'd be very transparent in terms of that and wouldn't expect to have it as part of our normal recurring backlog activity. So hopefully, that clarifies. I apologize if I created any confusion with that.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. No. Yes. Sorry. Sorry. Thanks for clarifying. Those are macro. Those large transformative deals where banks are making strategic decisions, whether they want to be in businesses, whether they want to use an outsourced partner or whether they want to be in a hybrid part of that partnership, we saw those slow down at the end of last year. They're all still looking at them. Those cycles are still elongated, as you can imagine. With the focus on deposits, the banks have really refocused a lot in terms of deposit gathering, although they still have a very keen eye towards profitability. So those types of transactions typically do drive profitability. But broadly, I'd say the banks are really focused on deposits and deposit gathering as their primary activity and are moving into profitability. So I think, again, I think it's more macro. And I think Tien-Tsin mentioned, if you're hearing from IT outsourced providers, a lot of those big transformative deals are slowing down from a macro standpoint.
Erik Hoag: Yeah. Hey, Jason. Good morning. So let me try to do a quick summary of the material call-outs from the column. I'm just going to walk the whole thing. So in the prepared remarks, I referenced an adjusted EBITDA range of 3.9% to 4%, post-transaction. This includes a revised corporate expense estimate for FIS moving forward. It also includes the disclosed $200 million of adjusted EBITDA dis-synergies, split $100 million of revenue dis-synergies, and $100 million of incremental operating expense. The Future Forward program, admittedly, will offset a lot of these dis-synergies. Keep in mind that we have reduced the Future Forward in year '24 impact from $300 million to $215 million. And then beyond that, I talked about an effective tax rate of 19% to 21% and a weighted average interest rate of 325 basis points to 375 basis points.
Erik Hoag: Yeah. So from a Banking perspective, I would think about recurring revenue growth as steady through the balance of the year. Capital Markets has seen some elevated recurring revenue through the first half of the year. We specifically called out some anomalous transaction growth in the first quarter associated with some of the bank -- the mini bank crisis. However, we feel good about the raise of the Capital Markets guide from 4% to 6% to 5% to 6% on a full-year basis.
Erik Hoag: Hey, David, good to hear from you. Cash flow conversion was strong. So first quarter conversion was 84%, second quarter conversion is 104%. Year-to-date 94%, we've guided to 80%. We feel good about the rest of year forecast in free cash flow conversion, number one. And then question number two, yes, we would expect it to further improve post separation. In regarding free cash flow conversion, we've had a couple of notable drivers here and they generally align with some of the success that we've had with Future Forward. We are collecting faster, we're spending slower. We've introduced some spend governor processes. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, CapEx is down materially year-over-year. Our deferred contract costs are down materially year-over-year. We're sitting in a very nice spot with free cash flow conversion through six months of the year.
Erik Hoag: Yeah. And also, Darrin, Banking from a recurring revenue perspective, I would think about the back half as steady. Recurring revenue in the first was 4%, second quarter, 3%. I would think about the back half as steady. We've got T. Rowe Price's implementation behind us, so we don't have any customer-specific volatility that we'd expect in the back half.
Erik Hoag: Hey, Ashwin, it's good to hear from you. Maybe just I'll start with taking a step back on some of the margin improvements that we've made. In the fourth quarter '22, margins were down 320 basis points year-over-year. The first quarter, they were down 190 basis points. The second quarter, they were down 160 basis points. Our third quarter sort of RemainCo at the midpoint, down 50 basis points. So we continued to make progress in margin improvement through the course of the year. I would say predominantly on the back of Future Forward success. I think some of the green shoots that we're seeing on the sales side will take a little bit of time for us to get those customers installed.
Erik Hoag: So good to hear from you, James. So taking a step further back. We feel good about the consolidated guide that's gone up broadly. With the results that we have had year-to-date in both Banking and Capital Markets, we feel confident in pulling up the low end of the guide and taking into consideration that we feel the macro is steady.
Erik Hoag: It does not. So let me just walk it again, John. Thank you for the clarifying question. I referenced $3.9 billion to $4 billion for FIS post transaction, and that is inclusive of the corporate expense estimate for FIS moving forward. From there, we disclosed $200 million of total adjusted EBITDA dis-synergies, split $100 million in revenue, $100 million in incremental operating expense. And then we've also got Future Forward benefit, which is down from $300 million to $215 million as we break Future Forward between FIS and Worldpay.
Erik Hoag: Well, the sequencing through the year for Banking margins would continue to improve. I think we get to flat full year Banking margins under the current forecast based on some of the mix shift that we've seen of high-margin onetime revenues coming down.
Erik Hoag: Yes. Good question. The Worldpay side, it would be $200 million of OpEx dis-synergies and roughly $100 million of revenue dis-synergies for a total EBITDA impact of $300 million.
