Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Thanks, Tien-Tsin. Yes, so happy with the output for first quarter. Very confident in our guide for banking. I think what you've seen is, as we came into this year, we had expected backlog growth to mute. That was in our guide, and we're not seeing any incremental impact from anything going on in the banking business. What we're seeing is organic growth, and you saw it come through in the first quarter as we benefit from accounts across the financial services landscape increasing broadly across our portfolio.  So, we're seeing net new deposit accounts and, broadly, net new financial services accounts across our entire portfolio. So, we feel really good about the organic growth. You can see it there in our first quarter, and we feel really good about the guide.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Tien-Tsin, I'll take that, and Eric can add on if he'd like to. So, look, we were really pleased with the volume growth. So just kind of starting at the top, you saw what we saw, really strong volume growth, that was driven by both our enterprise book which performed a little bit better than we expected from a volume standpoint and really strong e-commerce activity in the first quarter. So, as you come into the yield dynamic, there's really two pieces coming into impact to the yield. The first is our nondiscretionary. So, think -- in our enterprise book, things like Kroger, and drug store or grocery and drug, those became a higher mix. And as you know, those are priced on transactions, not on volume. And so those drove a little bit of a lower yield off the higher volume. And then the second thing is we continue to take pretty significant market share gains in our PayFac business, which is very strategic for us, which, as you know, is a lower-yielding, higher-volume piece of our business. So those two really drove the yield impact in the fourth quarter. We do expect to see sequential yield improvement each quarter throughout the rest of the year as we continue to perform positively, and the mix resets itself. But those are the two big reasons.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. So, James, we are diligently working. Hopefully, everyone can see we're working at pace to try and get all of that down. Don't have a good update for you right now, as you might expect, as we work through it. And Charles is in here working with us very tightly in terms of thinking through all those pieces. I think as we get closer to the spin, we'll have a view of that. I can't really make a commitment in terms of next quarter, but you should know that we're working really tightly towards it. But until we have a really -- a much stronger view, can't really give you much of a guide there yet.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Thanks for asking that question. So, lots of trading volume, right, across all of our banking cores as well as across our capital markets business. We saw trading volume at a peak that we haven't seen since COVID. So that business and the leader of that business did a fantastic job supporting all of that volume growth.  And that's what drove a couple of percentage points of the beat in recurring revenue that we had posted. So, as we come into the second quarter, we're slightly moderating that growth back down as we're starting to see people moderate in terms of transaction volume across those portfolios, but it's still pretty elevated.
Stephanie Ferris: I think that's a fair or a fair assumption as you think about it. Yes, we would think 9% volume in the first quarter was really strong. As we think about it coming into the back half of the year, we think about a bit of moderation just on a conservative guide.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Thanks for the question. We're in a very tight partnership with the Fed. We're in the process of enabling our financial institutions to roll out FedNow across our entire client base. So, we'll continue to play a major role in the adoption of the FedNow rails. For us, it's another payment medium coming to the market, which is what we specialize in, in terms of thinking about all the payment methods we enable globally across our distribution channels. We're pretty excited about the enablement of that on behalf of our financial institutions. It's definitely an opportunity for FIS, but it's a little bit too early for us to see the size of the opportunity. But we were enabled and ready. And as financial institutions adopt it, we're ready to help them put it -- make it become live.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. So, our Payrix acquisition is hitting on all cylinders. You can see it's a big part of the e-commerce growth story that we're seeing. As, that to we brought that capability in-house, which really helped solidify our Worldpay per platforms offering out to those software platforms that want to either integrate payments, embed payments or become a PayFac. So, we have a full suite of offering now offered out the Worldplay for Platforms offering. It is growing significantly. The volume is growing significantly. We couldn't be more pleased with the success of it.
Stephanie Ferris: Thanks for the question, Lisa. Yes. So, look, I stand on an amazing culture and talent here as I come into FIS. It's one of the reasons I came back to FIS and rejoining such a talented leadership team. But as you might expect, there's some folks here who have wanted to move into retirement, as Eric took on Woody's role as he moved into retirement. So, we are changing out the leadership team as those folks want to move on. I think we're really excited about -- we just recently brought on a new Chief Technology Officer. We brought on a new President of Platforms and Enterprise products. So really looking at focusing on the product and technology and making sure that we can continue to deliver our best-in-class products and services out to our clients. Martin Boyd retired last year, we brought on a new Head of Banking Solutions. So really focusing on balancing the great talent that's here and bringing in some really impressive new, talent and bringing them together as a team to work on bringing FIS Future Forward.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. So, as I started -- as I mentioned in the fourth quarter, we hired a chief -- new Chief Revenue Officer and we started pivoting the sales team to focus on higher margin, higher profitability products. We have an amazing set of products at FIS, really spans the gamut in terms of everything that a financial services company would need, a payments company would need. And we've done a great job on sales. You can see that from our backlog. But as we come into 2023 and beyond, and we really focused on delivering below the line margin expansion, et cetera, we've repivoted them back to driving sales into the higher-margin products, trying to get our margins back in line with expectations. And so, as we did that, you're going to see our backlog start to flatten. That was our expectation. We would expect to see that happen in the short term here. That was all baked into our original outlook, it's baked into our current outlook and the transition is going well.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Great question, Jason. So, I think backlog expectations are going to remain muted for the rest of the year as we reposition the pipeline and put the higher-margin products ahead of the lower-margin products. So, on a short-term basis, I would expect it to be muted. I think as we come into 2024, though, I feel really good about where we're going to end up in terms of new sales. And then we're also really focused on the other levers. So, if you think about focusing on attrition compression, pricing and new sales as well as the positive organic we're seeing again in the business, we feel really good as we come into 2024 and 2025, that some of those levers we can pull on and bring us back to growth. And then if you remember, a lot of the reason, in 2023, our growth was muted in the Banking Solutions businesses because we're growing over a lot of termination and nonrecurring fees. And we're really focusing the sales force on driving recurring revenue. And so, as we just lapped that in 2024, that will drive a couple of percentage points of growth for us.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. I think generally, consumer spend across all of our segments and then better operating performance. It's really across all three. But we're very, very bullish on our e-commerce business. We continue to drive all of our investments in there. Payrix is in there. It's going very well. But I would say it's really across the board. We did see some moderation in recession in U.K. But I'd say it's generally across the board.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. I think we laid this out in our fourth quarter call. So happy to reiterate that. As you think about -- I think we said 3% to 5% plus for Heritage FIS. And as you think about that, banking should we accelerate on its own given its organic growth components as we grow over. Two things in 2020 or 2023, it's impacting. One is the large strategic sales, and we don't have any of those in our 2023 forecast and we wouldn't expect to need them to hit our medium-term 3% to 5% heritage FIS growth. That would be incremental to that. But if you recall, we are, in 2023, growing over a lot of our nonrecurring. And so that is a 1% or 2% point lift as we grow over that in 2024. So, we feel really good about the midterm 3% to 5% for Heritage FIS as we benefit from those two things.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, happy to. So, look, I think what I said is and talking about the revenue synergies, we would expect to retain the majority of those previously achieved. I mean we feel really good about that. Worldpay will continue to be a distribution partner for us, and we're in the process of building out a commercial partnership arrangement with them. So, we feel really good about that. On the operating expense side, I think, I said that we would look to maintain a meaningful portion of those. And then obviously, we would look to manage anything that's left over. They're not going to be zero. It's just not possible. But we are looking to manage them, and we're working very diligently.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Let me start by saying we are seeing no elongation of the sales cycle. The majority of what's happening in the banking side is specific to certain banks. You can see that we're seeing net new accounts across the portfolio as consumers are spreading out their accounts across banks, which is generally net positive for most of the banks. I would say for us, what's really important and continues to solidify our partnership and our importance in the ecosystem, is as banks go through whatever volatility they're dealing with, we're very important to making sure that all those deposit accounts get opened, all those money market accounts get opened and that we stand, our systems are very stable and up and running. So, we participate hand in glove with our financial institutions no matter what's going on. And I would say through this quarter, I'm just incredibly proud of the team, because I could see again how important we are to the financial system ecosystem. And we had a lot of our clients just thank us profusely in terms of whatever their activity was going, whether they had more accounts, whether some of their accounts -- or they need more reporting and our systems remained up and stable. I couldn't thank my team more. So that was a lot of our activity this quarter. What they're thinking, I think, is really consistent with what they've been thinking, which is how do they continue to digitize and modernize the banking platforms. And it's impossible for these financial institutions not to continue to focus on the technology spend they need because, as you know, their consumers are still not coming back in branch. So, the need to deliver financial services and products to them digitally omnichannel, et cetera. it's not stopping. In fact, it becomes even more important. So, we're not seeing any slowdown in backlog. We're not seeing any slowdown in conversations around needing, needing those products and services that really help them garner more new business. So, I'd say the environment remains positive and stable.
Stephanie Ferris: Sure. So, April trends are very consistent with March trends. Our first quarter trends were consistent with what everybody else has told you. January and February were elevated as everybody grew over COVID. March moderated slightly, but still very strong. And March and April are pretty consistent. So, feel really good coming into the second quarter. But they do modestly decelerate as you think about January and February. U.S., U.K., U.S. consumer continues to be very strong. And I think everybody saw in the first quarter was stronger than we expected coming out of the fourth quarter. So not seeing any net detail there quite yet. The U.K. is moderating. I would say it's not starting to improve, but it's a decline is slightly moderating. So, it did slightly better than we expected. It's going to have easier grow-overs as we go throughout the year, and we're anticipating that, that environment gets a little bit more positive. But I wouldn't call that yet in terms of improving.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. It's a great question, Dan. And as you might expect, Charles and I have been very active in these conversations. So, look, I think the great thing about Worldpay is it is a scaled platform with global distribution. And you can see through even our Payrix asset, you can -- if you find the right product and the right distribution channel, put it on the platform and it will drive incremental revenue and incremental margin. So, I think it's really exciting in terms of where to go there. I think as we think about the merchant business growing and getting it back to mid-single and then he'll, one, accelerate to upper single. I think the business he can get back on track in terms of mid-single with higher execution as he comes into '24 and '25. And then I think about acquisitions really delivering a point or 2 percentage points of revenue growth for him. I think there's a lot of opportunities out there. I think we bring a lot of distribution scale to those types of companies. I suspect he'll want to continue to drive the e-commerce business. As we've talked about strategically, we'd like to see that become 50% of the overall revenue of the company. But not quite prepared yet to talk about the who and the what as he starts to strategically evolve that. But I'm -- as, I'm pretty bullish about our ability to do M&A in that segment and drive outsized revenue and EBITDA margin growth given the scale and distribution of the platform. Daniel Rock Perlin RBC Capital Markets, Research Division – Information Technology Analyst Yes. And we're looking forward to it, too. Just a quick one on banking. With the expectation of all the regulations, maybe getting elevated within the system and maybe in particular on smaller banks, like can you just remind us, maybe specifically, how you guys are positioned to benefit from that? And especially given the asset charge that you gave us the new slide, it's obviously do tilt towards larger financial institutions. So where would you see most of that regulation fall in your opinion? Thank you.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, happy to. So, we absolutely think there'll be more regulation, just like everybody else does. We deal with very complex regulation on the capital market side. We have really, really good products that we use over there for financial institutions that are global in nature that are heavily regulated. Those products are very, very applicable as we think about bringing them into the banking solutions side of the house. My President of Banking and President of Capital Markets and I are already in process of bringing those over, starting to educate our larger financial institutions about that product sets. We're getting a very high interest rate. And those are things that help people manage liquidity, capital requirements, deposit flows, regulatory requirements, Tier 1 capital ratios. So, we have a nice product set that we think we can leverage and bring over, and we think that's pretty differentiated.
Stephanie Ferris: Sure. I think it's improved sales execution across e-commerce. As you guys know, we're a global e-commerce shop. We serve a lot of verticals. We serve global multinational companies. One very strong beneficiary of the growth is Payrix or Worldpay for Platforms, that's growing significantly year-over-year and contributing a high level of growth there, which, as, -- is allowing us to access more of the SMB part of the e-commerce market through platforms. But I would say, generally, it's widespread. And it's doing very well in terms of operating performance and benefiting from obviously increased consumer spend broadly across the market.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. My -- look, my leadership team, led by my Corporate Performance Officer, is doing an absolute fantastic job. Future Forward is hitting on all cylinders. We have over 1,000 initiatives going on throughout the company. Everyone sitting at my leadership table and the leadership team around the company is engaged. We're seeing really strong results. And so, we're just feeling really confident. And George really liked the at-least words, that's why it's there.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Maybe I'll talk generally about the initiatives and investments, and then Eric can talk about how that comes in over the quarter. I would say initially -- first of all, it's all dropping to the bottom line, so we're not reinvesting any of those initiatives at this point. But in terms of the initiatives that are driving it, you can clearly see we've reduced our TAI spend year-over-year, which is a notion of us winding down a bunch of programs that we didn't think were delivering returns. We reduced our capital expenditure as well year-over-year. Again, going through the portfolio and really rationalizing projects based on returns and prioritizing projects around delivering products and services out to customers, as well as driving automation into a lot of our processes to improve client experience. I would say those are the big things. I think on the operating expense side, we've been very, very focused on making sure that we drive profitable revenue coming into the company, but also maintaining our expense base and trying to drive people into being much more productive. That's been the lion's share of it as we think about the first two quarters. I think as we go out, though into 2023 and 2024, -- we're really focused on moving the flywheel faster around products and getting them out to market faster, getting implementations done faster, automating and, through AI and other types of activities, making our client experience better and more efficient. So, as I've talked about really focus on efficiency and effectiveness with the client at the center and then making sure that we're -- if we are spending the capital and operating expense, are we helping our clients and the company grow. So, at a high level, those are the initiatives in the near term and long term. And I'll let Eric kind of walk through how you think about it over the quarter.
Stephanie Ferris: Okay. Thank you, everyone, for joining us this morning. 2023 is off to a strong start and the FIS team is making great strides towards moving the company forward. I couldn't be more confident in our future. We look forward to connecting with many of you over the coming weeks and further updating you on our progress. Have a great day.
Erik Hoag: Sure. Maybe I'll start with -- so when we provided guidance a quarter ago, we provided 500 basis points of presumed headwind in the guide associated with Merchant macro. The full year guide at the time was minus 2% to minus 4%, we have increased the Merchant guide from -- to minus 1%, minus 2%. The midpoint of the guide has improved by 150 basis points. I would think about the remaining residual Merchant macro headwind and at roughly 350 basis points.
Erik Hoag: Lisa, it's Eric. Thanks for the question. In the first quarter, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we saw a significant decline in nonrecurring revenue in banking, e.g., we're seeing an increase in recurring revenue. So, the split between recurring and nonrecurring was roughly 86.14 in the first quarter. And then from a sales perspective, Stephanie, do you want to...
Erik Hoag: Yes. And Jason, maybe just to add on to that for a moment. If you look at our first quarter results for recurring revenue in Banking Solutions, we did have 2% organic, but we did have 4% recurring revenue growth in the quarter. A little bit of a proof point in the -- through the lens of the normalized 3% to 5% growth range that we talked about a quarter ago.
Erik Hoag: Yes. So, from a financial perspective, we've got roughly $100 million reduction in capital expenditures in the first quarter, you can see that year-over-year. In-period OpEx savings, roughly $15 million in the first quarter. And as you'd expect, Ashwin, this builds through the course of the year. As we look at margins for the balance of the year, you're going to see sequential improvement in margins with Future Forward having a meaningful -- really meaningful impact in the second half.
Erik Hoag: Sure, sure. So, on the macro Merchant assumption, we had talked about 500 basis points, 5 points of headwind in our call a quarter ago. The midpoint of the Merchant guide has improved by 150 basis points, Ashwin. So, I would say the macro assumption for Merchant is now 3.5 points. Interest expense, your second question around interest expense, interest expense is down as we did an incremental revolving credit facility to deal with 2 maturing bonds this year where we had favorable pricing on the revolving credit facility.
