Gary Norcross: Yes, you relay got two things going Brett on the reported growth you’ve got Clear2Pay coming on for three extra quarters in 2015. You also have Reliance Trust coming on for a full half of the year and CMSI coming on for may be an extra quarter. On the opposite side of that you got about two points of FX on the top line that will dilute that reported growth. That’s how you kind of end up with a reported and organic in the same area.
Gary Norcross: Yes, now wait – the team continues to execute very well in India Brett. We signed a deal with Muthoot whose going to actually bring over all of their ATM driving all their ATM settlement and it just continuous to build out that ATM franchise. As you know we signed that very large India ATM deal with the public sector banks. That’s going very well, that roll out and we just continue to expand our business there. So it’s just a very nice add on to our existing infrastructure.
Gary Norcross: No, I think we are in the early stages. What we are starting to see now Brett is as you know, we want through a series starting all the way back to 2011 where we saw a significant ramp in our OpEx around risk and security. Those investments have now parlayed into some assets that we are now offering out to our customer base. And just like everything we see, we saw the precursor of it being consulting services, so we saw our consulting side of our business grow. We then moved into back office services and now we are seeing it move into some of the product capabilities that we built out over the last several years.  So we think we are in the early stages. It’s absolutely the top of mind. I just got back from a large conference a couple of weeks ago and it was literally the number one theme across all of the CEO’s of the largest banks in the world and so we think there is tremendous opportunity here for us to continue to grow the business going forward.
Gary Norcross: I think it’s really more around timing around some term fees as I tried to mention. Typically we’ve had probably one to one and half points per quarter in the form of term fees Dave. We’ve called that out. It’s been as high as almost two points when we had M&I flowing through back in 2013.  We are planning for the lowest level of term fees we’ve seen in three years in 2015, which again very good for the long term because you don’t lose the run rate but it does move some of that lumpiness around. We had over a point in the first quarter of last year in terms of term fees and we are looking at at-least from a planning perspective almost negligible term fees for Q1 of ‘15.
Gary Norcross: Yes, Asia Pac has been growing very significantly for us. We typically haven’t been giving individual growth rates in those regions, but I can tell you it’s in the 20% type range. It’s been growing very well.  As you know, LatAm, we gave a lower growth profile around LatAm. In fact for the year we saw almost flat Latin American growth and some decline in Brazil and then we saw good bounce back in Europe where we saw you know mid teen growth in Europe. Adding it all together we ended up with that, so I think it was around 11% for the full year in terms of growth.  Again, we keep talking about India. You are hearing wins in Asia. It’s not a huge dollar impact yet, but it’s growing very rapidly for us and we believe it will become a more and more important piece of the overall pie. The full geographic breadth I guess is the strength of our international business right now were you can see certain areas growing very fast, other areas that may not be growing as fast, but still giving us good visibility into solid double digit growth for a long horizon there.
Gary Norcross: Yes, EMV is going to be a tailwind for us in 2015. The sales team’s done a nice job. We are continuing to see more and more activity on that. We’ve announced on several calls some very nice wins of people converting their entire card base. We’ve now got a lot of people who are starting to sign up and they are on kind of a three-year cycle to go through that. So I think your going to see it as a nice tailwind for us for the next several years.  You’re also going to see frankly even Mag Stripe and some of the prepaid areas etcetera. It’s going to kind of maintain its kind of steady state. So card production will be a definitely a tailwind for us for the next couple of years.
Gary Norcross: You know Glen, I think the answer to that is it could be yes. I mean what we’re seeing is frankly we are seeing good signings. We are seeing some bill slippage in Europe which continues to bother us, but I think it’s the kind of the state of the whole European environment, but we still signed a number of – in Q4 we signed a number of startups in the UK for example on product. We continue to see our consulting business grow exponentially in that market, which is always a great sign and we’ve already announced a number of bog transformational outsourcing deals.  So I think when I think about the global marketplace, global financial institution marketplace, the pipeline continues to grow and we continue to execute. I wish some of these deals wouldn’t slip from quarter-to-quarter, but that’s just the nature of these areas in the economy.  When I turn to the U.S., the U.S. sales team had a great year last year and had good strong consistent growth over the prior year and their pipeline is starting to see good throughput. So all in all I’m very bullish on where the company is, how the sales team is executing and I think that’s why we’ve increased our guidance for growth going into 2015.
Gary Norcross: Yes Glen, our overall services businesses just across the entire company continues to grow very well and that’s the testament to the size of our company and the ability to deliver these kind of robust services. So you got that in general, growing double digits, but you also keep in mind you’ve got the Clear2Pay acquisition, which is a very nice product pull through that’s going to be splitting between ISG and PSG.  And as Woody pointed out, there’s a number of deep product elements that I even mentioned in my prepared remarks around mobile and some of those things. So it’s going to be a nice dynamic, but we feel comfortable that the margin expansion that we described will come through in 2015.
Gary Norcross: Well, I think the point really is around the magnitude of the rate changes and if you looked at the full year our currency impact this year was about $35 million, $37 million on the top line. To follow-up on Dave’s point we’re looking at two points plus on the top line this year, which is a much more significant change in the FX, so therefore we called it out. Again it’s a translation risk. It’s a translation of the P&L. Unless we’re trying to get those euros or Brazilian reals or pounds and trying to repatriate them, it becomes a paper issue more than the economic issue. 
Gary Norcross: No, I don’t think so. I just think as the economy bounces around and the recovery bounces around over there Tien-Tsin, it’s going to deal slide. I mean its nothing that we’re concerned about at all. We’ve had this going on now for well over the last couple of years and so we saw that movement coming out of the recovery in the U.S. where deals were hard to predict when they were enclosed in one quarter and they would slide to another quarter.  So I don’t think its anything more than just the course of business. The good news is the team keeps building the pipeline and it just incents our sales team to make sure the pipeline is as robust as possible and as I said Woody mentioned a minute ago, we saw a good recovery in Europe last year, it had good performance from a growth standpoint. So it’s nothing that we’re concerned about.
Gary Norcross: I’ll tell you, I’ll state it this way. We’re seeing an increased level of M&A activity definitely. As we talked about in the past, for us we want to make sure that we’re doing the responsible M&A that returns value to our shareholders and also drives product and service to our clients.  So as I said in my prepared remarks, if we can find an opportunity that drives earnings per share always compared to share buybacks as kind of the bar, then we’ll certainly evaluate it. We’ve done a number of acquisitions last year. You’ve seen over the last three years the level of acquisition activity from the dollar amount has increased consistently. I think last year we did about $600 million in acquisitions.  So it’s important for us to keep ahead of the innovation curve. It’s important for our clients. We continue to see your demanding a larger portfolio suite from providers like us in order for them to be competitive to deal with the regulatory burden and the security burden and frankly just all the innovations going on. So we’ll always evaluate if there’s an opportunity that makes sense.
Gary Norcross: Yes, this is really our nice network and we just had strong transaction driven volumes in the fourth quarter. 
Gary Norcross: Yes, I would say that would be tough to call. I’m sure someone on our team could give you that kind of detail, but for us we saw just a nice increase across our networks and it translated to nice revenue and profit growth for us. Was it fuel cost reductions that accelerated that, it would be too hard to call for us at point. 
Gary Norcross: Well, first the decline of the unit rate of checks continues to be steady, right. We continue to see it in various pockets. The teams done a very nice job as we’ve highlighted over the years, especially in our back office check processing, the team’s done a nice job of selling to financial intuitions to outsource that.  So actually the sales team last year was able to fill in that hole and we actually saw our check business on the back office side, it actually had a minor growth, I mean below single digits.  On the point of sale offering which is another area that we engage in checks. We are seeing a fairly consistent decline there. The team’s doing a good job of maintaining margins on that business. As far as a strategic look at it, we’ve looked at it several times as you guys might know and frankly at this point in time. We just have never been able to find an offering that would make sense for our shareholders. 
Gary Norcross: Yes, you take the top line growth in there, lets use six as the mid point Ashwin. We will get some level of margin expansion in that 10 to 30 basis points, so that give us you a little bit more there. We’ve done a good bit of refinancing activity over the course of the year. We get a little bit of benefit for the first half of this year as you get the annualization of the activities we did in 2014. And then from a default standpoint you are looking at our share buyback to give you those last couple of points if you will to get that 9 to 13 range. So that kind of bridges you between the revenue growth to the 9 to 13. 
Gary Norcross: What we talked about was a $30 million investment we did make right at that investment level in 2014. We would anticipate, continue to keep that investment again at this people and go to market resources in those large banks. We would continue to keep that investment at the same level in 2015. Again, long lead times on these deals, so we want to make sure we are getting return, but it takes a while to get that return on the investment as we anticipate, absolutely.
Gary Norcross: Thank you for your questions today and for your continued interest in FIS. We are executing consistently on our commitments. We are driving profitable revenue growth and operating with strong fundamentals. Our proven business model of technology, consulting, and managed service capabilities worldwide with high reoccurring revenue delivering strong cash flow drive stability and predictability.  We have a strong foundation for success in 2015 through our multi year strategy. We are excited to share more detail with you around our strategy at our upcoming Investor and Analyst Day meeting scheduled for May 4 in New York. We hope that you would be able to join us for this exciting event.  In closing today, I’d like to thank our more than 40,000 employees around the world who are committed to be champions to our clients each and every day. This passion for moving our clients business forward to make them successful has earned us the loyalty of over 14,000 institutions across the globe. Thank you for joining us today. 
Woody Woodall: Yes Dave, just to add to that, if you think about it term fees are very hard to predict obviously. We don’t know what acquisitions are going on in the market until typically they are announced. Every now and then we get a little advance notice, but if you think about when we came out of the 2008 economic collapse and once the bank stabilized and dealt with all of their loan issues and we saw the closure rate fall off, we now have seen a spike over the last several years of the increase, what I would say, almost pent-up acquisition demand.  As Woody said, the good news is we see that trailing off, I mean which is positive for us, because as we talked in the past, even when one of our clients buys one of our plants, one plus one never equals two. So for us based on what we are seeing, based on what our clients are telling us that’s going to continue to trend down. We saw a drop in term fees last year. We think it’s going to be dropped again this year. But as far as the growth of the revenue goes, it always cycles where Q1 is always typically our slowest growth and then it ramps up through the course of the year, just the nature of the business.
Woody Woodall: Yes, again we were trying to add further color from Q3. We saw some margin expansion and expectations into the fourth quarter and actually executed on that. We did see those come through. We do anticipate margins for the full year to be in the 10 to 30 basis point range. We do believe that margin will come further in the year second, third, fourth quarter.
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think the difficulty is exactly what you talk about. If you can give me where you think all the different rates are going to be for the year, I’ll give you exactly what FX is going to be very challenging as you know, particularly in a very dynamic market over the past eight weeks or so in FX, but in that range it could be a little higher Dave, but we think we are in a range, a ballpark its about there.
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think that’s key Alison. When I think about the business and where the business is growing, you saw Brazil be a huge tailwind for us post 2008, while Europe was struggling to recover. We signaled on many calls that we started seeing our consulting business grow again in Europe, which is great. Then it lead into some significant product wins which we’ve announced on the call. I know Brazil is going through that cycle.  Asia frankly has been strong throughout the entire recovery. The team is just doing a great job over there. So for us it’s really that geographic dispersion that allows us to have good strong confidence that we can maintain that double-digit growth rate outside the U.S. in 2015.
Woody Woodall: Yes, if you look back to Q4, PSG grew in the 3.5% zone and card production was definitely one of the drivers. If you go back to the prepared remarks you should be able to view that.
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think in financial and payments your still looking at a similar trend line where we’ve got some of the consulting end services in the U.S. helping to drive our financial group at a little higher growth rate and then our PSG segment similar to what we’ve seen in the past and then sort of a low to mid single digits around the breadth of products with some growing pretty rapidly and some of the more material products not growing and some even declining. So your still seeing that in the low to mid single digit area. I don’t think we are looking at a significant trend on either one of those than we’ve seen in the past.
Woody Woodall: Probably so. I mean, I think we continue to focus on cost structure where if you looked at the individual components of the fourth quarter, you have FSG driven down by some of the consulting and services, as well as the investment in the global market. You had ISG with the same trends.  PSG expanded a little bit of margins and then we got about 30 basis points of consolidated margin because we’re continuing to manage that consolidated corporate cost structure getting leverage out of the balance of the businesses. So I think you’ll continue to see that. I think you’ll see it further in Q2, Q3, Q4 as we continue to grow it out of the balance of the business and manage our overall cost structure.
Woody Woodall: Yes Tien-Tsin, as for the color, I think part of it maybe around Gary and my expectation around the team. We still grew in the 12% zone and we just anticipated more. 
Woody Woodall: Yes, which is all good, the increase in volumes across going forward. We typically see the spike. Its always a big shopping season and so everybody knows and so we were a good recipient of those transactions throughout the quarter. 
Woody Woodall: And keep in mind Ashwin. I know you’ve seen us do this every year. Last year it was over shadowed a little bit with our Global Client Partner Investment. But every year as we work through our plan, we also take cost actions and shift our cost structure around associated where our growth is going to be. So fundamentally that’s just part of our DNA as a company and last year that was over shadowed because we also ramped up a big investment, but you will get some lift out of that as well. 
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think you are going to see margin growth through the year as we continue to drive that cost management through there. I think the global deal we anticipate to close early Q2 somewhere in late April timeframe. As we talked about it, it compared to Clear2Pay, the combination of the two we thought would be neutral to EPS in 2015, still thinking that’s the same, so you will see some revenue from global drop-off in the second quarter and continue to see the ramp up of the acquisitions that we’ve made in 2014 flowing into 2015 over the course of the year. 
Glen Greene – Oppenheimer: Good morning. I’ll start with sales activity. Gary it sounded like the commentary overall was good, maybe a little bit mixed. It sounded like there were a few deals that slipped maybe in Europe. On the other hand it sounded like you’ve got a pretty robust sort of transformational outsourcing pipeline. Maybe if you can just give us a little bit more color and if you think this is sort of the breakout here for those big transformational deals. 
Glen Greene – Oppenheimer: Okay, and then for Woody maybe you could help us a little bit in terms of thinking about segment growth and margins directionally. You’ve obviously talked about international continuing in that sort of double digit organic. Should we assume some continued sort of mix pressure on the margins in international and how should we be thinking about sort of the organic growth in financial and payments.
Glen Greene – Oppenheimer: Just one real quick. The [6N EPS] [ph] from FX, historically from what I recall you had sort of more of a natural hedge and so whenever you saw a revenue headwind you generally didn’t have too much run into your EPS track. Any reason why that’s changed? Has the mix changed or I guess I was surprised at the order of magnitude of the EPS track.
