Michael Hayford: David, I think that's a good point. Obviously, International is going to see some growth simply because of the October 2 Bradesco bank card conversion. And as you talked about in the past, that's about -- we had to date about $10 million a quarter based on that. The core business FSG, as we sum third quarter, a very, very strong third quarter. It's been very strong all year, a little strong than we anticipated. We've talked about the strength could be back in the market. And we don't see that changing in the fourth quarter. And as we said, we're excited about the momentum we're building on sales as we head into next year.
Michael Hayford: Well, the share count, as we've said, we repurchased a total of 86.2 million. It looked like that the paired share as part of the weighted as average was due to the stock option. So some of those 86.2 million shares were already accounted in weighted average share count as part of the option exercise. So I think if you net it all out, it's going to end up being 86.2 million. But as you look at stock share count, I think it was about closer to 79 million going down.
Michael Hayford: Yes, I think you got to look at it is what it is relative to when we set our plan last year, and looked at it and where we anticipated that business could be. And I think, we looked on Brazil and we have to spend a lot of time, a lot of management time last year, very focused on the lot joint venture, a lot of time and effort in the Item Processing business. And our conclusion was the time and efforts spent in continuing to invest in the Item Processing business down there, which is very paper-intensive check based, we don't have that kind of skill and leverage that we do in the States in terms of declining check volume and being able to maintain margin and profit. And as we looked at where we're at and what it would take to take that forward, we just concluded we'd be better off finding a different solution with somebody else who can probably better utilize that market. So I don't know that I would say, as you look at where we were and where the numbers worked out, there's an awful lot of puts and takes throughout the calendar year that get it. And we're pretty excited we're still within our range and at the upper range of where we thought we're going to be at the beginning of the year. And some things went positive and some things, we struggled through during the year. I think it's hard to say when you stated the guidance a year ago, what are all the things plus or minus that are going to impact it.
Michael Hayford: And Glenn, to stress Gary's point, we are really very pleased. And in touch, a little bit surprised about strong core sales that we've, and that the momentum continues into the fourth quarter.
Michael Hayford: Glenn, on the full year question for 2011, we're going to hold off on that until we do our Analyst Day on the 6th. But licensing fee, our original guidance for 2010 was 1% to 3% organic growth rate. And we'd obviously revise until we're going to be in the upper end of that range. So we expect to end '10 fairly close to that 3% level. So as we look into '11, we'll give some more clarity where we expect that to be. But I think we're encouraged by the progress in 2010 and the increased momentum in the buying environment from our customers throughout the year.
Michael Hayford: Well, again, for the full year, we've talked about it in the mid-20s, in the 20s. And I think last year, we had a pretty decent margin year. Most of conversion costs refer throughout most of 2010 as we were looking on the Bradesco conversion. And again, that delayed from first quarter into the fourth quarter, so that was the cost, a little bit of a drag throughout the year. But International margins are always going to lag a little bit the U.S. margins because we don't have the leverage and scale in any single economy or any single market that we do in the U.S. But we're pleased with the results. Fourth quarter is always generally a good quarter, International, because of a little bit strangled license sales. So we do anticipate that.
Michael Hayford: As Gary referenced, about $15 million a quarter, so $60 million a year. And the run rate, I don't think I'd put it quite that high. We're a little bit more on the third quarter, which obviously is probably discontinued. But I think it's probably lower than that.
Michael Hayford: Well, again, I think software, we talked about how -- it's come back a little stronger in 2010. I think we talked about that each quarter, that discretionary spending in '09, particularly on software from Professional Services is where we saw the slowdown. So I think we continue to see in '10 a little bit renewed interest in software, a little bit renewed interest in Professional Services.
Michael Hayford: Well, I think I should boast those things. As we add approximately a little over $200 million of revenue in 2009, is what we expect at the end of the year -- I'm sorry, 2010. The growth into '11, we expect them to be a pretty strong organic growth engine. And we expect their growth to be higher than the corporate FIS overall growth.
Michael Hayford: I think that industry is run 10 to 15. I think they run probably at the lower end of that range. And obviously, our expectations, we bring them onboard. The type of business they do, they're phenomenal industry leadership, business thought leadership, so they're in at the executive suite, helping to formulate strategies helping to make those strategies a reality in terms of execution. And so, that connectivity between the C suite and the business strategies down into execution I think is a great complement. So while their margins are going to be lower obviously, than the overall FIS margin, we do think they pull through some business across the board for us.
Michael Hayford: I won't say seasonality, but obviously, we're going to have a little bit more variability. As their business goes up and down. And as they probably go through some cycles, which will be more on a year basis than a quarterly basis. But I don't think there's a seasonality other than normally people might be flushing out budgets at the end of the year.
Michael Hayford: We'll try to give an update in December on that. But again, I think we continue to see decent growth, north of 10% of the transaction volumes. And our credit has come back fairly decent again. Our credit card portfolio is retail bank, so you use a card as part of our retail strategy for the customers. So we didn't get as bad as some of the other providers because we're not focused on the card issuers solely, it's the retail institution who issues the card as an adjunct. So credit and debit volumes have held solid for us throughout the year.
Michael Hayford: No, I mean, I don't think we'll break out specifically what that is. But you can probably anticipate that we will have a higher growth rate in FSG. A lot of our consulting services do come through the FSG segment because that's where core relationships and that's where higher percent of our Professional Services run. But again, we view that as more of an indication market starting to do discretionary project. If that's the first thing to go, then they tighten their belts. And when they start to spend, it comes back. So good growth year-over-year for us there.
Michael Hayford: Again, there was -- the Professional Services, we are a little more cautious about whether those are onetime or recurring in nature. They do tend to get them quarter-to-quarter but they're not same as the processing. I wouldn't anticipate FSG growth at 10% for the quarter. We're very pleased with the growth. We've been pleased with the growth of FSG throughout the year. Again, Financial Services has come back to itself. A couple of things we talked about in the past. First of all, the impact of consolidation to market has been very minimal on us this year even though there's a lot of institutions that are being closed this year. They're smaller. We tend to actually win some of those. We've had some consulting fees to help and support the immigration of others that even might not have been to our platform. So I think that, coupled with strong license sales, some professional services and then the backlog that Gary's talked about, it's good sales starting with fourth quarter last year starting to come onboard, as all coupled to make it very strong growth and FSG this year.
Michael Hayford: What I'd suggest though is just like I wouldn't suggest you model FSG as a 10% growth model, I would not model PSG's number of minus 1.8% segment. And again, we'll give some clarity on December 6. But Payments had a challenging third quarter. Payments had some challenges structurally in the paper businesses. We do expect it to do better in the future. And FSG, we'd love have it run at that level. I don't think it's going to run at 10% going forward.
Michael Hayford: Yes, that was included. That was a recapture some higher expenses that we had in legal settlement. And so with those booked in the quarter.
Michael Hayford: And they have very much of a client-centric approach, which is key to us and a culture that have how many deal and work with their clients and their partners and a though leadership capability that will be a tremendous value added to FIS.
Michael Hayford: I'd say it's primarily -- I know mega banks, but it's the top Banks, the tier 1 banks. And they're 50-50. They're EMEA, primarily Europe and the U.S., split 50-50.
Michael Hayford: Well, again, I think we'll probably lay out a little bit more clarity on December 6. But we figured, as we add in some of the Capco, which will run a little bit lower margin than the rest of our business runs. I think we thought historically that in that mid-20s, probably an appropriate range for the International business. Again, it's going to run a little bit behind the domestic business.
Michael Hayford: Proservvi, without getting into all of the specificity around it. We've operated -- that business -- we're obviously not happy with the results of the business that's why we made a decision that we either needed to invest more time, money and management effort in that. And we concluded that we will be better served focus on a joint venture, unless somebody else take and drive that. So you can see operating numbers in the third quarter. Again, quarter-to-quarter, it moves around a little bit. But again, we're just not happy with where that thing is at today and have chosen to take a different path.
Michael Hayford: I'll clarify and Gary can get into the little detail. When we're talking City, I think actually it's first quarter of this year was the license sale. So we don't have a new City sale. It's a bank called Lake City in the Midwest, and it's a core deal that we won against a competitor. Gary, I don't know if you can add a color to...
Michael Hayford: Yes, when we talk about the recap and the tender offer, we do anticipate to pay down some of the debt. We set a target to get from around $3.5 billion back down to -- it's $2.5 billion. And you saw we made some progress already this quarter. We continue to look at deals. We saw that we went out and are using our cash in hand and obviously, we'll use some of our revolver too do the Capco deal. So where we can find a strategic deal that has a fit, that will continue to drive organic growth aligned with our strategy, we will certainly take that opportunity and expand the cash flow to do that. We're going to maintain the dividend we have. We don't anticipate changing that. And then, as always, you saw that we're not reluctant at all jumping in buyback shares when it's an appropriate thing to do. We still have I think a little over 30 million shares authorized as part of the authorization early this year. So we'll continue to monitor all that. But we do, again, as you saw, anticipate to pay down shares, look for deals and use our cash appropriately.
Michael Hayford: Tien-Tsin, on the segment, we're going to defer that so the December 6 meeting, but obviously, that's something that we know we are looking at how this firs from reporting perspective. And I will echo and emphasize what Frank talked about on the people. So it was a cash payment upfront to existing shareholders. And then, the earnout is targeted predominantly at the partners, and the management, and the employees of Capco again because of it's a service-based company, very strong interactual property tied to the people that are driving it. So that earn-out is tied to keeping those people. As Frank said, it's not keeping them here but keeping them excited about the business to grow. It's tied to growth and it's tied to return in earnings. And they get pretty good return the higher the thing goes. I think we've structured that the whole team intact and to make the team excited about being part of the FIS.
Michael Hayford: Yes, anticipated -- I think it was last year. Last year, we did a number of things, we were talking about out its combination. We certainly made out our plans for the next year, which we do anticipate we will do this year as well. So I'll give some outlook into 2011. And then, as we did last year, we'll talk about our strategic plan, our outlook where we believe we're positioned to compete in any marketplace, and then what kind of long-term growth we would expect that to drive FIS.
Michael Hayford: I think, again, paper check business is purely a scale play, particularly if the volumes down. And in the U.S., we have a very, very strong footprint. We have a lot of scale, a lot leverage. So as the volumes go down, we can the collapse and maintain margins in the business which has recurring revenue. We did feel in Brazil again that for us, given the scale we had down there, which we had a decent position. But to continue to invest time, effort and management, we just didn't think that was the best use of our capital or our management team.
Michael Hayford: I think to your question, clearly, part of our strategy. We have a strong issuing platform in both debit and credit. We have a great footprint in the U.S. We have a great footprint in Latin America and Brazil. We have a number of great relationships in Europe, although we see potential there. We have great footprint in Australia. So we clearly think that's a product that will travel in other economies.
Michael Hayford: Yes, in debit side, I'd say with one of those names probably better acceptance. But I think to Gary's point, I think there's still some discussion, dialogue around what is the exclusivity cost. I think there's a couple of different avenues where if people interpreted some ways, it's a very strong benefit to FIS in the NYCE network. I think we, again, going out to financial institutions, I mean great focus on our clients and supporting them and maintaining as much interchange, discretion that they can possibly do. I think we've got a great value proposition for our customers.
Frank Martire: Yes, we also were counting on the card joint venture Bradesco converting in February in the first quarter as well. So to Mike's point, there's just so many moving pieces here. We're real happy where we are today.
Frank Martire: We continue to look at that, Ashwin, and we continue to work with our clients. And as I stated in the prepared remarks, typically, these changes are positive things for FIS. Our clients are looking for us to help them through that process. We think, when you start looking at areas of exclusivity, we'll be the benefactor of that. And we see a lot of indications of that. But the reality is, we're seeing a lot of regulatory change go on. And our clients continue to reach out to us for help. Frankly, we did a very small acquisition in compliance coach, and that's been a very nice tuck-in for us to allow training on these regulatory changes and help our institutions. So the net of it is we're having positive conversations in helping our clients work through these changes.
Frank Martire: And I think, Brett, as Mike talked about earlier and Gary just mentioned when we talked about 1% to 3%, that will be more towards that 3% number. So it is again reflected their in the actual results.
Frank Martire: I'll tell you, Brett, what we've done so well on the integration, we really looked at ourselves as just one company now. So we're not really tracking. What we do continue to track our cross sales -- our cross sales continue to be very strong as I highlighted earlier in the call. Over half of our clients have purchased additional software. We highlighted Suncoast in this example. We highlighted the very large -- the core takeaways at Lake City. So we're having good cross sales penetration. They're really coming across the board. We're selling a lot of our bill payment capabilities, which is a former Metavante product solution. We're selling a lot of our other Payments of core solutions as well that were FIS-based. So I guess the message would be, we continue to see very strong cross sales across the board.
Frank Martire: Yes, we'll see ReadyCARD come on in 2011. Once again, it is a very high-profile, nice third-party switching company. We really can't disclose the dollars on that, but it was a very nice win for us in Latin America.
Frank Martire: The answer is -- and it was a very clean quarter. I mean, there weren't any significant rundowns in there.
Frank Martire: Sure, Jim. I don't know about shift in strategy, but support our strategy that we have as a corporation. That's to have deeper penetration, especially internationally with the large financial institutions and even some of the mids we can give it additional services that we have some capabilities but minimal. Capco comes with a tremendous reputation and in the marketplace. Obviously, we do a lot of checkup with clients and talk to them. And they come with tremendous comments about how good they are in the services they do. So we're looking to expand our services, do more for our clients and add more value for our clients. And I think it very much fits in with our growth strategy.
Frank Martire: I think we could all share in some of these answers, but I will tell you, business is all about the people and the quality of the people. We sure did lock them in. And I'll say lock them in with a lot of excitement and enthusiasm. They are very, very pleased to be joining FIS team and what we can do together as partners and coming together. So we have a bright future with them. But clearly, to your question, we did lock in the key people.
Frank Martire: Well, and also keep in mind in the U.S. markets, this is these relationships are tied into a much broader relationship with these clients as well. So once again, back to our overall strategy of offering the most complete solution set in the industry in our U.S. markets. The Item Processing business is far more strategic for us in this country as a complement of much broader relationship.
Frank Martire: Well, I mean, John, yes, we do have great presence here in the U.S. in that business line. And as I mentioned in the call earlier, that we've signed some nice wins is South America on some of those projects. So our continued strategy in our international expansion is not only to take those products but to take the products that we have in the U.S. that are applicable and to push those into our international markets. And this year, we've seen nice cross sales of those kinds of solutions in both Europe, Asia and in South America. So yes, you'll continue to see us do that.
Gary Norcross: Glenn, this is Gary. I'll take some of those and then, other can comment. We are pleased where we saw our sales in Q3. We saw a good strong sequential quarter growth. We also saw a strong growth year-over-year. We also continue to see strong growth in FSG in our sales, not only core takeaways but in our Professional Services business. Also, we saw some increased sales in our software license fees. So we're real pleased. While Payments has been a little lighter this year than what we've seen in the past, we saw a very nice growth in our Payments business in Q3, and sales as well. So we highlighted a couple in our prepared remarks with Suncoast Federal. We also had some nice sales internationally on Payments.
Gary Norcross: One of the things that's driving our FSG success is this continued demand for Professional Services activity. A lot of our clients are now acquiring other financial institutions. We're benefiting from that because we're helping them work through the integration, the conversion of those financial institutions.
Gary Norcross: I mean, absolutely. The guidance is sales do ramp on over the first six, 12, 18 month depending on the size of the project. As you're bringing on these sales, a portion of those sales do come in quarter because they could be software components, could be Professional Services components that we're booking the revenue as we deliver it. But you are seeing some benefits this quarter of some of the deals we sold at the end of last year and the start of this year coming online. And we're excited about that. And we're excited about what we're seeing going on in the pipeline and the continuing booking across the board, whether it's Payments, core signings or Professional Services continue to be strong.
Gary Norcross: Well, I think the big issue there, Bryan, is the paper-based business. and that we continue to see a headwind there. That paper-based business is not about volumes, but the papers converting to electronic very rapidly. We're seeing a huge conversion rate there. And as you would expect, when it converts to electronic, and we're not actually capturing those checks or running them down through the transport, it's going to hit your revenues side. It helps on the EBITDA side. But we continue to see that as a headwind. The base payments business, we're actually seeing some nice growth in most of our electronic payments businesses. And we're really pleased with where that is. But primarily, it's the that check-based business providing that.
Gary Norcross: I just had a comment there. It's actually direct with our strategy to think over the years. We've always looked for opportunities that expand new solutions or new capabilities in existing markets we serve. And Capco is a perfect fit in that area. They're split between both Europe and the domestic U.S., which is great markets for us. And they break us into a different type of consulting transformation services. And as we disclosed, multiple calls and in last year's Investor Day, we're focused on continuing to grow in expanding large financial institutions. And this is where Capco does most of their work. So they're very strategic acquisition for us, and as Mike mentioned earlier, fits very well to not only help transform these large institutions to work through these large transformational projects, but we believe will actually allow us to sell services and do the -- overtime -- help do some of the intimidation work on these projects.
Gary Norcross: Yes, I know, I mean, it's just one of many significant core wins we've had this year. We've seen a lot of activity in core processing or competitive takeaways as we've mentioned on earlier calls. And this was a good example where they've been with their current provider for a number of years. And not only went with our core processing solution, but went with a number of our key Payment Solutions as well. So it's a very, very nice win for us. When you look at Bank of India, that's more -- that's also a very nice business. But on the payment side, Bank of India, obviously one of the top banks in that country, we continue to broaden our relationships, providing ATM and driving in settlement services for them on their ATM platform.
Gary Norcross: I'll add in on the customer question. While there was some overlap in the client base, what we found, Tien-Tsin, when we worked through the due diligence and talked to their clients is frankly, while we might be serving a common client, we were interfacing to the organization either a, at different labels or b, just around different types of projects and delivery. And so where there was some overlap and there weren't a lot. But there was some overlap, it was very complimentary in nature and really, just extends us further into those client in a bit more meaningful way.
Gary Norcross: Well, I mean in the domestic U.S., one of the things that we sell all our solutions on are being kind of like best-of-breed but also integrated because of our capabilities across the board. But I would tell you, in the international markets, it is more of a monoline sale. And we would tell you, we are best-of-breed and it does have more bells and whistles as evidenced by we're the largest processor of credit transactions in Brazil now. Mike referenced Australia, which we have huge market shared, doing very well in Europe on these platforms. So they're very, very competitive platforms. When you start getting in the U.S. markets, because of our relationship is so broad with our clients, we also push on the tight integration across our suite as well. And frankly, that will be something that we'll continue to push in the international market because we fundamentally believe that the international markets over time, will start looking to leverage broader relationships with service providers like ourselves as well. So today, we're competing in best-of-breed product. We think in the future, we'll continue to cross-sell and build integration across that international market.
Gary Norcross: Well, I think it's just like anything else, John. I mean, at the end of the day, we're looking to sell as much of our capability and solution in the market as we can. And certainly, the Durbin amendment is causing our clients to look and to move to and offer additional networks. And so, we're stacking up against our clients on those issues with our go-to-market strategy, with our account managers in those clients. And we're talking to them about them. So what does it take for it to be needle-moving? Obviously, we're go to continue to focus across the board. Our network, the NYCE network works very well for both large and small institutions. And so, what we're going to do is just execute on as many of those sales as we can. We have highlighted a few this quarter that we had very nice wins. And so, as this continues to evolve, we think we'll get some NYCE penetration with people coming into NYCE and offering it as an alternative.
