Woody Woodall: David, again we’re exiting at 100 million or more, I want to tell you for planning purposes, I’ll use the 100 million exit run rate. If you think about the flow of the operating plan, we’re trying to get some color around 15% to 18% each quarter. If you think about how the synergies will flow, I would lean towards the 15%; moving towards the 18% over the course of the year as the synergies come through and interest cost are reduced as we pay down debt. For 2017 David, we are still targeting a 200 million exit run rate and we will have that at least ratable at this point of time.
Woody Woodall: To be clear Dave the organic 3% to 4% for the consolidated company, we’ve got Capco for the full year in a mid-single digit zone.
Woody Woodall: Yeah, if you look at the assumption package there are some details on slide 20 that’s further in there. Right in here we baked in about 150 million headwinds that are really driven primarily as a Brazilian real but still having some headwind in the Euro right now. With regard to term fees, we exited 2015 with about 40 million. We’ve got less than that in 2016 that would bear you probably 20% less.
Woody Woodall: If you think about the revenue growth profile Brett I would tell you probably in the 3 to 5 zone on the SunGard from the revenue growth standpoint. In terms of margin contribution, our GFS margins without them are about 22% or so, with the synergies we think the GFS margin growth of 26% plus in 2016. That will continue to grow with the 2017 as we get full run rate synergies out of it, but that’s what we are looking at in’16 in terms of profitability contribution.
Woody Woodall: Let clear, GFS around 22% would be a sort of a full year GFS without SunGard. Adding SunGard and the synergies in to 2016 we think the GFS segment growth profile or EBITDA margin profile would be 26% for us.
Woody Woodall: It’s a good comment. I think if you normalize of it the gaming and other pieces, we got about 4.4% growth in the quarter which we did see as an acceleration. I think the level of no ease in ’15 was high compared to ’16. `16 should be clean and which is a very good line of sight around it. We did have about 8 million of term fees in the quarter that flowed in to the IFS Group. So and you saw the exact way around. We did see some level of acceleration and it’s a relatively clean number.
Woody Woodall: Yeah, Q1 will not be a down quarter, we will see growth. What you’ve got is a compliment of SunGard continuing to grow the base product or solution set business continuing to grow with Capco having some headwinds still in the first quarter. But yes we’ll see growth and anticipate growth in these quarters.
Woody Woodall: We would include it in the prior quarters, similar to how we have done organic growth in the past. We exclude acquisitions, divestitures and FX very similar to how we did in 2014 and prior.
Woody Woodall: Yeah I think the win for Bradesco was definitely a nice win for us. We’ll do some services around that conversion in the first half with the actual conversion taking place mid-year on that portfolio. Excited there; we do anticipate good growth in Asia Pacific again. Clear2Pay is going to grow well and then we’ve got some softness in Capco in the first half. SunGard’s growing relatively ratably over the course of the year.
Woody Woodall: That’s right, but we don’t have the same curve that we had. It’s much more ratable over the course of the year.
Woody Woodall: As you might imagine coming out of ’15 and looking at the macro backdrop, we definitely took a more conservative approach particularly on the revenue growth lines, and specifically on the revenue growth lines that are more discretionary in nature. Across the board, we think we’ve got lower sales execution risk in the various [play-ins] and then we’ve got a larger component of the earnings per share that will rack on more controllable things, synergies for example, things that we can go and execute on regardless of macro backdrops. So, yes, we think we got a conservative plan here both in top line and in earnings per share growth in 2016.
Woody Woodall: And when you look at it, I think Ashwin a couple of things, one, conservative about our revenue growth guidance for 2016 first of all. Secondly as we talked we do have a broad set of payment solutions business, some of them are growing faster, some of them are growing slower, which is a headwind to overall growth in to the IFS Group. What we did see was good growth in the banking group and good growth in the business solutions group and EMV card production. So we’ve got some growth but we definitely still have some level of headwinds. Again the macro backdrop here is conservative overall guidance as well.
Woody Woodall: Well if you think about our check business for example, check volumes continue to decline, that environment continues to be a headwind overall for us. We seek some price compression in payments group that we’ve talked about before. So that’s a bit of a headwind in terms of overall growth. Some of these wins are obviously coming on and they’re implementing growth or improving growth as we forward. But you’ve got a combination of headwinds and tailwinds in that business that we think is still driving that 3% to 4% range in to 2016.
Woody Woodall: We would lean very heavily to debt, [quit] repayment there. In fact we don’t anticipate any share buybacks in 2016. We will close the year round at about four times leverage. We’re targeting to get [bad debts] of 2.5 times by the end of 2017. But all of our excess free cash flow will generally be used towards debt pay downs Ashwin over the course of ’16 and through ’17 until we de-lever back to the targeted level.
Woody Woodall: 2015 during the third quarter which they reported was about a 5% growth rate. We only picked up the month of December which was a $300 million contribution; their full year growth rate was just under that number.
Woody Woodall: Capco on a constant currency basis was down approximately 10%. That equated to a full year growth of 5%. We were anticipating Capco having slow growth in Q1 and returning to some growth in Q2, Q3, Q4, but in mid-single digit for most of 2016. So that’s how we kind of slow that piece of the business line.
Woody Woodall: Those were the big items, the other one, the license comp that we had in 2014 once there was about $7 million or $8 million license in 2014 that drove a difficult sales comp in to ’15.
Woody Woodall: I think the Latin America win definitely helps support some of that growth. Ex SunGard that would offset some of the PS business that we talked about. Clear2Pay is still growing very well for us in Europe and in Asia Pacific it’s been growing pretty well. So the combination lands on we believe the three to four kind of zone without SunGard in the front half of the year as well.
Woody Woodall: We think it’d be fairly uniform. That business is highly recurring, very predictable and has performed well in our anticipation. That coupled with very little expectations around term fees, we think it’s going to be a pretty ratable growth.
Woody Woodall: I feel really comfortable. If you look at what SunGard was doing, they’ve repatriated most of their cash back to pay down debt. It produced a standalone rate that was pretty high about 38% standalone when you take out discrete items in their history. So we will feel very confident in our ability to drive that rate down over the course of ’17 and forward as we implement tax planning strategy similar to what we’ve done at FIS, utilizing the foreign rate differential in some of the structure that we have.
Woody Woodall: We typically haven’t given segment guidance, but I’m going to give you some color around it. We do think IFS in that 3% to 4% zone, the top one. We would anticipate IFS margin’s in a 10 to 20 basis points expansion range. We would look for GFS revenue in the 3% to 4% zone as well, and that GFS margin profile to increase from 22% or so to 26% plus.
Gary Norcross: Yeah David, this is Gary, obviously at this point we are highly confident in achieving that. And as I said in my prepared remarks, when you compare it to the really last big transaction we did which was Metavante back in 2009, we are ahead of where we were at this point in that process. So we’re going through a number of already very significant milestones with the restructuring, the conversion of payroll and benefits and the other things we mentioned, and now we’ve just got the line of sight in implementing the plans over the course of the year. So we’re in really good shape on the integration and it’s gone very smoothly at this point.
Gary Norcross: You know that was my point I was trying to make in my prepared remarks. I was real pleased with the month of December and our SunGard execution. When I look, forget every opportunity to really take the foot off the gas. I mean they could have gotten distracted with the combination; we had a lot going on at that time. The teams stayed very focused through year-end and executed very well. So that was positive. When I look at the pipeline, going in to this year, the same thing exists. The pipelines are growing, the teams are executing, they’re very excited about being a part of FIS and I think that’s translating in the client base. I can’t tell you how many comments I’ve gotten over the last 60 days from clients just talking about being up under FIS, our ability to invest and focus for the long term. And so the customers are receiving it well, our sales teams are receiving it well, and that’s projecting in to the results. So we feel really good about it. The secret’s going to be, as now since November 30 as we’ve started to put or sales teams together and they’ve started to have some conversations about joint selling in to the account. We’re also seeing some good tractions, not only in the global financial institutions, but as i said when you look at treasury and wealth and many other products that SunGard have that are applicable for regional and community banks, we are starting to see strong traction there as well. I mean, of course as you know, our consulting groups started in the capital markets area of the industry and so being able to ramp that kind of consultative engagement around product is going to be differentiating for us going forward.
Gary Norcross: We sold mid-single digits growth on Capco for the full year last year, which was obviously substantially less than what has been done in the prior years. As you mentioned, Lance has taken over the helm of the consulting group. We really rallied the partners around, engaging more in to the transformational consulting side which drives a higher margin, and also is more complimentary to help differentiate some of our product IP. The back half of the year was slow as we retooled it. We’ve actually seen growing in to the first half of this year a nice ramp in the pipeline and we’re starting to see some results of that early on. I do think with the first half of 2016 is going to be slower from a growth standpoint, but then when we get in the back half of the year as that continues to ramp, we’ll see capital to start returning back to a more normalized double-digit growth rate for us.
Gary Norcross: Yeah, just to be real clear, you hit the nail in the head in the first half of the year, you’re going to see flat growth in Capco, may be even a little declining over prior year periods. And then you will see it ramping up to Woody’s point for the full year getting to up mid-single digit, and then going in to 2017, we do expect Capco to recover to more of that double digit growth rate. But as you know in the consulting business, that’s all about building your pipeline and filling it. And that’s in fulfilling it. That’s one of the things that we changed significantly. What we have done in Capco historically is we’ve gotten to a very large transformational engagement and we took our eye of the ball or off the base business of consulting in my opinion. And so we’ve retooled the leadership there, got them refocused on executing more of the thought leadership consulting engagements. We’ve seen nice uptick of pipeline. We’ve actually seen strength coming in to Q1 with deliveries. So we got to continue to that obviously and continue that growth. But it’s going to be much more back to what we picked in the original Capco acquisition which is more transformational consulting, where we are doing engagements more short term in nature around thought leadership and how to transform various functions of financial institutions and then allow us to pull in more product IP instead of some of the large lower margin body shop type deployments that we’ve gotten in to. Lance has excellent experience on that, from his prior life with his former company. He’s bringing a great discipline to that process and we’re seeing a lot of improvement early on under his leadership.
Gary Norcross: But you are thinking about it right David. I mean the team’s done an excellent job of cross settling and filing in frankly as we’ve described in the past from these whole set of created firm, from these clients that are leaving due to being acquired, right. So we saw a nice acceleration in growth and we’re confident about where that’s going to come in 2016.
Gary Norcross: SunGard brings an increase in our product lab or product focused IP sales in that group as well, and so those are more sticky in nature and they’re also more reoccurring in nature and so we think that’s going to help with the growth throughout ’16.
Gary Norcross: Also Tien-Tsin keep in mind as we talked about in the prior March, you got Sainsbury coming on, Woody mentioned Bradesco, you’ve got the Digital Bank that is being launched in both the US and also in the UK that’s two separate contract but both of them will be driving revenue as well throughout the year.
Gary Norcross: We’re continuing to see an improvement in retention throughout 2016. As you pointed out, they’ve had a very nice slope of improving that over the last several years and we think that will continue. Frankly the conversations with the clients have been extremely positive and I’ve had an opportunity to have a lot of those over the last several months. And what we’re finding is they are very pleased that FIS was the acquiring company, they are very pleased with how our overall size of relationship has grown through the combination because we would have already a strategic relationship with those clients. So it makes us that much more scaled and so it’s all positive. But we are planning for a continued improvement and retention and we think the evidence of that won’t occur.
Gary Norcross: Yeah Darrin, we were very conservative when we looked at cross-selling. But we are as I’ve shared in my prepared remarks; we are very excited about what we’re seeing in the conversations that are occurring. There are a lot of opportunities as we are looking at the wealth, we’ve taken wealth and combined with our existing wealth business and gives us a substantial scale in that space and allows us to push in to the regional community banks and seeing good progress there. We’re seeing great uptick in some of our regions around world, Europe, Asia, specifically where we are able to bring out of sales resources and SunGard sales resources augmenting with Capco and seeing some nice early engagements. So we do think there’s going to be some upside, but to Woody’s point we were conservative in our modeling of that.
Gary Norcross: I think you’re right; we’ve got a lot of large transactions that we signed. The sales team executed well throughout last year. Frankly to your point, it does on board over time because these are big projects and it takes time to get them onboard. But when you think about Sainsbury, it becomes a mid-summer deployment for what we’re calling phase two of that project. The final phase will launch in early ’17, so very good progress there. We have high confidence in that and the relationship can’t be better and the teams are working very well. We also mentioned a UK Digital Bank that will launch in Q2 as well, and then the Digital Bank that you mentioned [credit] of 100 billion, that will drop a lot of services, but that will be onboarding throughout ’16 and in to ’17, so that’s a little later, because we didn’t sign that till Q4 and those tend to run about anywhere from 12 to 18 months of deployment time. The Bradesco talk about the large card portfolio that will also come on in mid-summer.
Gary Norcross: Those are some of the key ones that we’ve highlighted. Of course obviously in the company [outside] we’ve always got a lot more large implementations going on. And so the team that was a nice job of deploying those and typically they come on without any excitement which is always the thing we’re looking for. So we’ve got to continue to not only execute on our delivery pipeline but also our sales pipeline, we got to keep filing those delivery buckets, and the team’s done a nice job doing it.
Gary Norcross: If you think about it, and we keep mentioning it on the calls, but it’s been a significant growth with all these acquisitions, and so that’s just a natural headwind that propels in to 2016. While the term fees are coming down and I always point to, that’s a great indicator of the launch for. They are continuing, they are still not down to zero, right, so we still got to deal with acquisitions. To Woody’s point, it’s a very competitive market, we continue to see the price compression as an issue, but the team continues to sell through that, where they had a great year last year in sales and I would tell you in 2016 we see no indication that’s not going to continue.
Gary Norcross: There’s always going to be. We’re always sort of going to evaluate what are the right assets for us going forward and also what meets and fits with our strategy. As you’ve seen historically at FIS we’ve divested up assets that don’t our strategy but are very good company. So I’ll point to healthcare, I’ll point to the gaming business. And we’ll continue to look and evaluate that. If we have assets that don’t fit our overall strategy, but would be better served under a different ownership structure, we would certainly pursue that.
Gary Norcross: I think George when you think about it, it will return to a more normalized quarter-on-quarter that we’ve seen historically in that business, given its 90% reoccurring revenues. So that’s what we love about that business is very predictable.
Gary Norcross: As we said the back half of last year we started filling the pipeline, we started getting out and selling the type of consulting we were looking for. We’ve had some engagements we are starting to fill that. So all the indicators are nice progress, but this will take some time to get it back to a more normalized basis.
Gary Norcross: What we can say is what we’re seeing in our product focused sales teams, we are continuing to see good pipeline, good closure. Keep in mind, even on SunGard, most of their license fees are term based, so you have to renew them in order to continue to process. There’s also a large maintenance string and processing strings associated with that. So you’re really talking about mission critical applications. And as I said, we saw great response out of SunGard team in December. We see good pipeline in to the Q1 and good line of sight to our Q1. We are also seeing across traditional FIS business and our IP sales we’ve highlighted number of key wins last year. So we think that gives us confidence going in to ’16.
Gary Norcross: Other than our people based services business, we haven’t. We’ve seen some softness there, we’ve highlighted that starting mid-way through last year, but really in our product led sales, we continue to see good strong momentum.
Gary Norcross: When you look at that blend, Latin America is going to have a nice year given the wind that we had in Q4. Moving over in to Europe, we’re seeing strong product led sales, especially in the UK and Germany specifically, and we think that’s going to continue. We had some good sales success last year in that region, a lot of that’s going to be onboarding this year, but we also see good pipeline and good integration. Asia has been strong for us consistently, and frankly as I mentioned we now doubled the size of that sales force in Asia which is something that we needed for the increase in demand that we’re seeing. And so we were in the process of broadening our sales force there anyway. So that’s going to be a good outcome. We are bullish that that team’s going to continue to execute and Asia’s going to be continue to be a strong grower for us.
Gary Norcross: Thank you for your questions today and for your continued interest in FIS. I’d like to summarize by saying strategy has consistently driven year-over-year performance results. Our deep focus in investment and financial services is allowing us to leave change in the industry. We are excited about our future. I’d like to thank our leaders and our more than 55,000 employees for their hard work and dedication in serving our clients. As important, I’d like to thank our loyal clients who depend on us and trust us to keep their businesses running every day. It is because of our clients and employees that FIS continues to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.
