Gary A. Norcross: You know, Dave, we'll give you guidance next year after the fourth quarter call. But we continue to see softness, as you mentioned, in the people-based businesses. Our projects are back on track, the one we mentioned earlier. And so, in fact, I met with the team, with the board of that institution a couple of months ago, so things are going much better there. But we are seeing just our large global banks tighten down their spend on various Professional Services and various engagement. So while our consulting business is still growing, we're seeing some slowness in our consulting business in a couple areas and then even in our application, Professional Services business. But it's primarily geared in the global banks. IFS, you continue to see good strong growth there once you adjust it for the divestitures. Obviously that group has been impacted heavily through the acquisition consolidation, but the team's done a nice job of selling through that.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, David. It's a great question. As you would imagine, when you go through due diligence, you do a lot of your analysis on synergy takeouts from more of a top-down approach in due diligence. Since the signing, we've been able to get our teams together especially on a lot of corporate sides on the non-client-facing areas and really been doing a much more thorough bottoms-up. We've formed a dedicated integration team. There's been tremendous progress as the leaderships from both companies have come together and worked through the various integration strategies. And as you remember back when we did the large Metavante deal, it's all about, for us, hitting the ground running. So, for us, we feel very good about our guidance that we've given on cost takeout, line of sight of that. We got time frames to deployment. We feel comfortable on our $100 million commitment for next year. And certainly, we're in the process of implementing those plans and we continue to do more bottoms-up analysis. So, very early days. We haven't even closed yet. But I would say we're in extremely good shape at this point in the transaction with regards to how we're going to integrate the companies, what the synergy opportunities are and where they are, and then, we got to go execute on them.
Gary A. Norcross: I think it's early on that phase. That's usually the last step that we go through because we need to get through our regulatory approvals and get the transaction closed. But right now, there will be no plans to make any changes. We think there are some opportunities outside the U.S. to leverage our go-to-market strategies and leadership with their go-to-market strategies and leadership. We don't want to have redundant country managers, for example. So, we want to make sure that we have direct line of sight to be able to call on those clients in a very cohesive way. But when we look at where the product solutions fall, what's very nice is how SunGard really breaks us into a lot of adjacent markets, and frankly, we're actually seeing product sales in some of those markets, SunGard's seeing, growing a little faster in some of the markets we're in. So, we think there is a real opportunity for the sales forces to come together on a complementary fashion, and we would expect to see some nice traction on that post-close.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. This year has been a really interesting year for us with regards to product sales in our global markets. We've seen delays in deals, and, obviously, Woody talked about all the currency headwinds that I think are driving a lot of the impacts in the macroeconomic issues that are driving some of those decisions. But in Europe, for example, we saw a really good traction around our Clear2Pay solution this quarter. We also saw another new signing of a new challenger bank that we've talked about. So, that's exciting to get that on contract and moving forward. So, the team continues to do a nice job of selling against the challenger banks that are going on in the UK. In Asia, we saw great traction around not only core banking but also around payments as well with some expansion in some instances but many new instances, new logos coming on. Frankly, the growth to what we saw in Brazil was not product related. It was more of an easy comp. But we did see some traction around our cards process and transaction process in that country.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. We're seeing on the consulting side, our consulting group is still growing. It's just not growing as fast as it's traditionally been, so the team is doing a nice job. As you said, we continue to see strength in Europe. It's more in the large global institutions in North America where we're seeing some softening. But overall, our consulting business, just to be very clear, is still growing quite nicely, it's just not at the rate that it has been in the past.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. The New York Community Bank-Astoria deal, as you would imagine now in the U.S., it's hard to find a financial institution that's not a client of FIS at this point in time. So, we've got good relationships with both those institutions. It's still very early to know what that's going to mean for FIS. I'm sure we'll get heavily involved in the combination at some point in time. So, more to come on that as they work through their regulatory filings and come to closure. So, that's where that one falls.
Gary A. Norcross: Oh, and I'm sorry. You also asked about the NYCE opportunity. I didn't write that one down. NYCE opportunity, we do see good growth in NYCE. Is PINless debit playing a role in that? We would say there's some evidence of that occurring. But we continue to see good solid growth in our network.
Gary A. Norcross: No. We continued to make good progress on a number of our – a number of the large transactions you mentioned Brett, but we wouldn't attribute that to the delays. Frankly it just continues to be more macroeconomic in nature. I would say in general we've seen deals push and some get pulled into the quarters, which is a little more erratic than obviously what we've seen in past years. But we're – it's really more in our short-term Professional Services engagement where people can reduce that spend very quickly due to an impact on their side for whatever reason where their tightening their belt. So we're seeing more of that occur, and that's really where we're seeing the softening.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. I wouldn't tell you that I would see anything that – I think it's more bank-by-bank. I think everybody's under differing expense control initiatives, and as they're evaluating long-term projects they're just coming in and out of those long-term projects based on what's going on in their particular bank.
Gary A. Norcross: No Darrin, I don't think we're seeing anything that – as Woody mentioned in the prepared remarks, we continue to invest efficiently on our capital and invest in our businesses and products to help them grow. We have seen some combination impact, but I agree with you. The underlying businesses are running well. When you're dealing with short-term Professional Services businesses, you're going to see some headwinds that can come from time to time due to macroeconomic issues because that's typically one of the first things that our clients slow their spending on. We've seen this before in these businesses. As I said, it's highlighted a little bit because we've had some consolidation issues around acquisitions, and so we've had to grow through those. But we don't see any glaring issues in the product suite today. We continue to see our consulting business grow. It's just not growing as fast as it has in the past. And as Woody said, even our PS business is growing, but it's just not growing as fast as it has in the past, and therefore causing us a headwind. But to Woody's point, we do see it progressing into Q4, and it looks like it's going to progress into 2016.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. Both parties, as you would imagine, have been gearing up to align the companies, so that we can come together on an integrated fashion on the week of November 30 when we're closing.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. I think it's a little bit of all the above, Tien-tsin. I mean, what we saw, we definitely saw a couple of projects wind down. In risk and security, we had a very large one last year that wound down. We've had another one that's ramped up, but there's been a lag period in that. We've also seen a fairly significant combination of two financial institutions, and then that ongoing Professional Services work has wound down because of that combination and they're going through their cost-cutting initiative. So, it's really a little bit of all of the above. We're also seeing strength, though, in replenishing those. We've seen, as I mentioned on the risk and security side, we had a very large one last year that ran through the course. We've now replenished it with one that's larger but it's in the process of ramping up over the next 12 months. And so, it's a little bit of all of it going on.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, as we look – you know, look, we build all of our plans to be shareholder-relevant, right? So we focus on shareholder value, and what we're realizing is the nice thing about our business is we do have cost levers that we can pull. So, as Woody pointed our earlier, as we see some softness in PS, we're going to reduce that head count down in alignment of it. We're also gearing up, as I mentioned just earlier to Darrin, we want to make sure that our two companies are aligned so that when we close on SunGard the week of November 30, right, we're able to put those together pretty cleanly as well. So, it's a combination of both. But what you've seen at FIS over the years is as we're monitoring what's going on in our revenue streams, as we're monitoring what's going on in our pipeline and closing, we're adjusting those cost levers to most effectively drive shareholder value.
Gary A. Norcross: I think we continue to see price compression in the market. We've talked about it for years. In some instances, I would say, it's accelerating a little bit. We're also seeing a lot of consolidation. But in the IFS market, it's a very competitive market. I think fundamentals of that business and the team executing that business continue to perform very well given those economic issues. But it's very competitive in that market.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, it's still too early to say what that's going to mean for us. We were glad to see the announcement. We think it brings some traction to MCX. As you said, they've appeared to make good progress through the pilot. As we mentioned earlier, we're in our minimums period now. That started in October. And so, at this point, we're going to continue to monitor MCX and see what happens. But we do think the announcement, we were glad to see that MCX is back in the news. And hopefully it drives some significant transaction growth over the years.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. At this point, we don't know exactly how it's all going to work. But yeah, we're assuming that that's true.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, we're excited about The Clearing House relationship as we are with any sale. I think it's early to talk about the tailwind that it might provide on our revenue stream, but certainly, we're going to be working very closely with them to move real-time payments into their environment, and we'll bring more to bear on that as the project moves along.
Gary A. Norcross: Andrew, your second question came through very garbled on the second half of the question. I think your first part of the question was services related to macroeconomic trends, or more around regulatory influence I think was the first part of your question, which came through garbled -
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. So, let me address the first. I think, obviously, we continue to see increased regulatory demand across the globe. And that's not only in large financial institutions, that's even in community and regional institutions. So, certainly, regulatory is the top-of-the-mind conversation in any engagement we have today. And we're obviously seeing that influence the demand across the board. Do I think regulatory is specifically related to some of the Professional Services slowness that we're seeing? I don't at this point in time. I think it's much more just macroeconomic an issue in I think some of our larger institutions. You see them announcing all the time big cost-cutting initiatives, et cetera. And I think they're looking for ways to do that. When you look at SunGard, I don't think it changes the way we think about our go-to market. SunGard is much more IP-centric, very much like traditionally FIS, but they don't have as large of a PS business as what we're seeing in the global. So, it's going to be complementary. So, it might dilute some of our Professional Services percentages in the aggregate, but we're going to be very focused on bringing world-class wholesale products to market. And so, combining that with our go-to-market sales force, we think the combination will be very beneficial.
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you for your questions today and for your continued interest in FIS. I'd like to summarize by saying that we believe in our business strategy. It's a long-term strategy that has consistently driven year-over-year performance results over the last several years. Our deep focus in investment and financial services is allowing us to lead change in the industry. We offer the solutions and services that are making our clients' businesses run efficiently while at the same time providing them the opportunity to grow and differentiate themselves in an ever more competitive and strenuous regulatory environment. I'd like to thank our clients for their loyalty and the more than 42,000 employees around the world who are committed to serving and empowering those clients each and every day. And I look forward to welcoming the employees of SunGard to our combined companies in a few weeks. Thank you for joining us today.
James W. Woodall: That's true, Dave, I think the mix shift actually helps margin. You don't want to lose the revenue and the ultimate EBITDA contribution. Conversely though, you are able to proactively react on your variable costs as it is a people-based business. So to the extent you've got some softness, you can protect profitability.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. I mean, it does not include anything associated with SunGard. We'll address that when we actually close the transaction. What it does include – not on the revenue side, but the EPS side, it does include the activities we have taken in anticipation of the SunGard transaction. Again, halting share repurchase since May and carrying the $4.5 billion of debt that we anticipate needing to close the transaction. But the revenue growth I outlined does not include anything associated with SunGard.
James W. Woodall: The biggest component, George, on inorganic will be the delta in Europe from Clear2Pay primarily where we talk about 17% versus 5%. Reliance Trust, we've anniversaried. We picked that one up in the early third quarter last year, so we've really anniversaried that. You can see that in the delta in the Banking Solutions growth of 5% for the year versus 2% for the quarter. So, you really – the biggest component will be the Clear2Pay acquisition from an organic anniversarying standpoint.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. If you look GFS, Professional Services is about 30% of that number. So, for the quarter, that'd be around $100 million – about $200 million. If you look at that that seems to be where we're seeing most of the softness there. It's both in North America at the big banks, but also outside the U.S. in the big banks as well. So, if you look at that, we are seeing – that is the area where we're seeing the softness in the demand. We've seen it probably through the first quarter. You saw us take some cost action. You've seen some in the second quarter and much more really in the third quarter. So we do see that as sort of a global sluggishness from Professional Services consulting demand. And for the moment, we're seeing that carry into 2016 right now. We're not giving full 2016 guidance right now, but we're definitely seeing the global sluggishness in the economy impacting those demand drivers for people who buy services.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. I mean, I would tell you the growth rate around the 30% was more in the low-single digits this quarter, where we had seen that growing strong double digits for a while. So, definitely, it had an impact in terms of the overall growth rate, and we are seeing that flow into at least the fourth quarter outlook, driving the delta in the guidance around the constant currency revenue growth.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. I think you've got some impact, again, from term fees in the quarter as we've been talking about a lot this year in terms of the lumpiness around that. We did see what we anticipated in term fees in the third quarter, which had some positive impact on the margin side. The cost actions themselves were probably another 50 basis points on top of the term fees. So, we will anticipate seeing some of that benefit flowing through as well as when we capture some of the synergy costs associate with SunGard, we'll see some net benefit on the margin profile. But at this level, we don't anticipate this level of increase on a recurring basis, Darrin.
James W. Woodall: No, we don't have anything there. Again, the delta would be just specific items we have had actions associated with to-date in anticipation of the transaction, but nothing beyond that.
James W. Woodall: Tien-tsin, just to add on that, I think we have seen some pretty heavy price compression from the monoline players coming in against the payments product set as they've competed against us on price heavily there.
James W. Woodall: To be specific, Ramsey, we don't anticipate Chase Pay right now based on preliminary information to be a significant tailwind for revenue.
James W. Woodall: I'll try to add some color. We spent a little a bit of time on that at the Announcement Day deck. And I think there are some slides that may be helpful. SunGard is about 36% of their revenue is outside the U.S. For us, for FIS, it's about 22%. Combined based on the scale of the two models it will be about 25% outside the U.S. In terms of where it is, they have a more significant presence in Europe, which is complementary to where we are from a size perspective. They have a small Latin America presence where we have a pretty large Latin America presence. And to be clear, that's probably one of the most significant macroeconomic headwinds that we've got, where currency for Brazil was down 17% since July since we announced previously. So, we've got pretty good exposure there for terms of revenue growth. They do have a significant presence in Asia Pacific, but it's blended across a number of different countries. So, hopefully, that will give you some color as to where it's at. Net-net, it should increase our international exposure around 4% to 5%.
James W. Woodall: No. I don't think that's the case. I think the typical trend that we've seen in terms of fourth quarter will continue. However, the softness in the PS will mute that down, that coupled with currency are going to keep us at that sort of flat level. We will be below what we anticipated in terms of constant currency. But again, I think that's primarily PS related and not associated with capital budget spending, or ultimately flushing capital budgets. So the product business, the underlying business as you've kind of heard most of us, still continues to be relatively robust, or operating effectively. Just seeing some softness in the Professional Services side.
