Gary Norcross: Yes, I know, Dan. Thanks. It’s a great question. I think we’re in the early, early innings of the transformations going on. At FIS, we are in the later innings of that. Obviously we started well over three years ago modernizing all of our technology stack and pushing our compute into our own private cloud. We then also started modernizing all of our application layer and bringing on next generation digital experiences, and frankly next-generation capabilities across all of our segments, and that’s resonating well with our clients. And you are seeing that in our quarterly results with seven strong quarters of revenue sales, but we think we are very early in the process. Frankly, as we have discussed on prior calls, I think the industry held on too long to legacy based technologies and really we are seeing our clients now have to make that transformation. So we are excited about the investment that we started years ago. We are excited about our timing for where the market is and really puts us in a really good spot as we look to the future.
Gary Norcross: Yes. Now, when we look across Europe and frankly the UK, what we are seeing in the UK with Brexit specifically, we have already seen that volume kind of go down the recessionary period. So anything that would show any kind of improvement would actually be a tailwind for us. I would agree, Europe has been a little slow for us across the broader banking capital markets as well, but we have had some nice wins here recently. Other areas like Brazil, we have seen some nice growth data. We continue to see Asia strong. So our geographic footprint continues to be a very good differentiator for us from a global perspective, but when we look at Europe and Woody talks about our guidance and where we’re seeing coming in we’re really keeping Europe and broader UK at current levels.
Gary Norcross: Yes, Lisa to build on that, we kind of highlighted in the prepared remarks on our e-commerce sales success. We saw really nice sales win and that in those sales wins accelerating from a cross-sell standpoint with 23 wins this quarter compared to last quarter. So everything I would tell you, we are seeing good strong results and actually to your point, e-commerce is very, very important to the overall growth strategy and continued leadership in that space.
Gary Norcross: Yes. And George to build on that, I think it’s important when we talk about e-com, we are talking about really pure-play level online acquiring. So, when you think about brick-and-mortar moving to online that really falls up under our omni-channel deployments. So now our e-com business which is pure-play really is growing very, very high as Woody just said greater than 20%. I think the cross-sell wins are important indicators. Even in the first quarter we did 16 of those, second quarter came in at 14 wins and then Q3 at 23 wins. So, Mark Shane and the group are really doing a nice job continuing to grow that business.
Gary Norcross: Yes, I mean, I think George just building on that, if you look at our revenue stream, more than 70% of our revenue streams in the U.S. So naturally our cross-sells, naturally our revenue synergies is just going to be heavily weighted toward the U.S. But I think you’re going to see our revenue synergies really pretty much in alignment with the way the revenue falls as the company. So we will see nice opportunities outside the U.S. as well. We highlight the Brazil opportunity that we just signed and there will be more that come online, but just given where the book falls in general in all of these revenues are going to be cross-sell up-sell pull through data utilization, etcetera. The revenue synergies will predominantly fall in the same manner as our current revenue.
Gary Norcross: Yes. I know, I think we keep highlighting throughout our calls. Obviously, we would say we are the leader in cloud-based computing today at this point in time and financial services given all of our data center consolidation and us consolidating the vast, vast majority of all of that work to the cloud today. Some of the things we are doing with technology really hasn’t been seen in the industry before. When you look at our application stack of bringing online, our next generation cloud-based applications you’re seeing success. And we’ve announced several wins on the call, and we have several more coming on specifically core banking. So whether you’re looking at our omni-channel digital experience is Digital One full cloud-based type technology you are also – we have announced several wins on our core banking next generation core banking platform and actually have one of those online as well. So we think we respect that there is always going to be competitors in the industry. But given our position, given our scale, given our historical investment and timing, we think we’re well positioned to take advantage of the next generation of technology in computing in the industry.
Gary Norcross: I would say holistically, the pipeline for cross-sell for merchant across all of our customers looks very good, right. I mean, we were excited about the Brazil win. But when I look more holistically on a global basis in some of the things that we have going on in the sales channel with regards to Merchant, I am very excited about that overall business and our ability to cross-sell into our customer base. The response has been very strong since the closure.
Gary Norcross: Okay. So look a lot in there, let’s back up to the base banking business, capital markets business and acceleration capital markets specifically. We talked about last quarter that we were seeing acceleration in capital markets. One of the things that we’re real pleased with is actually license being capital markets were flat. We actually saw an acceleration, we’ve been telling the market for some time that we are seeing this movement from licensing on premise to deploying our technologies and our SaaS model. That’s back to our investment in innovation and back to investment in technology and leveraging cloud-based computing technology, so all of that is playing huge dividends for us when you look at our scale. So we expect to see capital markets continue to accelerate in Q4 based on that investment. Banking as well, we are at an interesting inflection point in the industry. We really have a lot of legacy technologies in market, and frankly we started those investments as I said, more than three years ago where FIS started investing heavily in new innovation where we really pivoted our spend from legacy technologies to the future. You saw that impact our growth rates in the short-term, because frankly we were spending our capital dollars in areas where we didn’t have product to deploy against, but now you’re seeing the timing work out very well for FIS, where our customers are looking to take advantage of some of these lower their total cost of ownership, improve their overall digital experience across their end customers and that’s all resonating not only in our sales pipeline, but you are seeing our closings. I mean those are very strong results on sales now for seven consecutive quarters. So whether you are looking at Merchant, where we are leading and e-commerce, high valued e-commerce, high valued technology integration, banking or capital markets that key theme plays out very well and is really playing into our accelerated growth rate significantly.
Gary Norcross: Yes. Now look, I mean, we are seeing obviously increased demand for our solution set, I mean e-commerce is doing very well. We think there is really three significant players in the space today. And clearly, we are the lead global player in that mix. And you are seeing that in our cross-sell wins. And the team just doing a really nice job of selling into this key high growth secular market and you will continue to see us ramping that up and also the revenue associated with that and driving into the results as Woody talked about.
Gary Norcross: Yes, the first, let’s get the second question first. The 25% is an organic growth number, right. And we have been very consistent on the quarters that we disclosed that. Back to Brazil, obviously what we will continue to focus on, we have been driving heavily into e-commerce and we want to continue to make sure that we leverage e-commerce, where we can appropriately in Brazil, certainly a great opportunity for us on that. But with that being said, we also want to make sure that we take advantage of – we have got a really good, strong client base in Brazil and we want to make sure that we are partnering with those clients in a way and adding value to through cross-sells and up-sells as well. So it will be a combination of both. But I would tell you in general given what we are seeing in that high gross secular market, we prefer to lead with e-commerce and in any point we can on the Merchant side.
Gary Norcross: Yes, I mean in general, Dave. I think the way to think about it is, obviously, we are going to focus on high-growth secular trends that are occurring across our various market segments, right. And so, naturally, we’re going to be focusing heavily in merchant on technology and high valued e-commerce, because there is a very strong secular growth trends there. With that being said [indiscernible] and the team – broader team are doing an excellent job as well with the traditional merchant business. So we’re not going to turn it back on these other businesses, but you will see us continue to focus on where we see high secular growth capital markets, we are seeing a lot going on in RegTech, which is why we highlighted the Consolidated Audit Trail success there. So anywhere we see these higher secular growth trends we’re going to sell into and we think we’ve got excellent technology to deliver against them and you’ll absolutely see those just grow at a much higher growth rate.
Gary Norcross: Yes, Bob, at the highest level, there is really no change. I mean, obviously, we’re very focused on integrating the Worldpay transaction. With that being said, we will do, even now we’ll do small tuck-in type acquisitions to augment growth in areas that we’re seeing going on in the segments. As you said, we’ve got plenty of cash flow to not only pay down the debt as Woody described, but also not only to continue to maintain our dividend going forward, but also to make small tuck-in acquisitions. Once we feel like we’ve got the integration of Worldpay behind us, we want to make sure that we drive accelerate growth we’re looking for also drive the accelerated shareholder value. We’ll then look to see if there is some broader M&A activity. But M&A is going to continue to play an important role in our strategy as we look for ways to accelerate our growth further.
Gary Norcross: Yes. No, most of our sales success what we are seeing obviously, we highlighted a number of key wins, but you’re really seeing it around our new technology, new innovation, new solutioning drive we highlighted the merger of two very large regional banks coming together to form almost $50 billion institution and they selected to come with FIS, even though the other bank that was acquiring our bank. So, and that’s all just based on the innovations around core bank processing, which was a question highlighted earlier and also our omni-channel digital experience. We’re also seeing it across all of our real-time faster payments type solutions. We have highlighted a lot on this call around merchant. Certainly in Capital Markets, we are seeing strong growth in regtech and some of the other areas. What I am really excited about is just how much of it is really now coming into our full blown SaaS models. Right. We’ve talked a lot about this on – on this quarter, it was really nice to see Capital Markets grow with actually flat license fees and accelerated – significant acceleration on the SaaS deployment of software, and so it really gives us high confidence as we lean into – going into next year. And as Woody talked about our accelerated growth targets, so all of that makes us feel really good about what we are seeing going into 2020.
Gary Norcross: Yes, no, I think it’s a great question, Matt. Absolutely the teams have met, we have got a full plan around improving our off rates and reducing our fraud rates. The whole end-to-end we are evaluating this even closed loop makes sense. So there is a lot of opportunities here that the combined asset pool of the combined company can drive into the future. As we have talked about on prior calls, really need to look at those things starting to come online, 18 months, and after because there is work. I mean, Woody highlighted, even our loyalty as a currency where we’re bringing that online in a fully integrated manner in the first half of next year. So we do have to do work as we put these together, but the quick answer is, the teams are highly engaged. Excuse me, and we’ve got a lot of governance around that and we will continue to drive to that because we think there’s a lot of opportunity on that in the 18 months out timeframe.
Gary Norcross: No, I wouldn’t say it’s complete at all. I think Woody was just trying to highlight something that drove a big piece of the early synergies win that we highlighted. There were other things that were in that number as well. But as we look for opportunities to leverage our scale whether it’s in debit routing, merchant referral services, even some of the things we talked about on the last question that will continue to drive and accelerate the revenue. We really have identified six major areas that we’re focused on today. The teams have rallied around those. We’ve built detailed plans around that, whether it’s investment in software for development purposes etc or just sales plans and sales tactics and execution, and I can tell you we are way down the path on all of those major categories. And as we come in the future quarters. We’ll give you more and more highlights as we see that revenue ramp. But you know, last quarter, we increased the amount of revenue for next year from a cross-sell standpoint. Given the quick out of the huge success we’ve had, we’re actually very excited and feel that number is – we’re certainly much more confident in that number as we go into it and then in future quarters, we’ll give more and more detail for you.
Gary Norcross: Yes. Look, I mean, we have talked a lot in the past. Obviously, we have got a large ATM business in India. We have got a lot of large now in growing core banking business in India. We were very successful in leveraging a lot of the new charters that were launched in India as a mandate by the government. So we have successfully launched those. We will leverage obviously those customers to cross-sell further payment capabilities and we talked about e-commerce, which we think there is a real opportunity to leverage more e-com in India as well, but it’s really going to be a combination of all of our capabilities that will continue to allow us to accelerate our India growth rates.
Gary Norcross: Yes, you know what, what I would tell you Tien-tsin, we have talked about this in the plan. We are not seeing any acceleration loss rates or pricing compression has been a fact for years in our banking and capital markets business, so we – and we are not seeing really an acceleration of that as well. I mean it seems to be pretty consistent. I would tell you, I don’t think its necessary slowing, but we feel great about the share we’re winning and feel great about our competitive positions. But we don’t see that as an accelerating headwind going into next year and it gives us that much more confidence as we look into next year.
Gary Norcross: Well, let’s go to the first one that is both of the merchant deals were competitive takeaways. And so we’re excited about that. When you look at capital markets opportunity that we’ve talked about, I don’t know that we’re at the inflection point. Q4 naturally has a heavy license component and always has been. We talked about how we have got a balance from a sales standpoint of our license grow over compared to our SaaS model. We think this quarter was just a great execution by the team, they really did just a really nice job with that management, and so it’s certainly is a strong indicator, you will see reoccurring revenue in capital markets continue to accelerate. But we’re still – it will still be next couple of years before we get truly license fees down in a range, what you’re seeing in banking, which is a very small percentage.
Gary Norcross: I’ll take the first one on the merchant conversations. I think if you look, one of the things that we were excited about when we put the combination Worldpay together was just how much they have spent on next generation technologies themselves, right. So you look at FIS, we have talked a lot about our modernization efforts, our transformation efforts. I would tell you Worldpay what they are very similar process whether it’s their acquiring platform in the UK or frankly stuff, they have done with high valued integrated payments and then e-commerce, and so when we are talking to our bank referrals for merchant referral programs, they see the benefits of that investment, they see the technology and what it can drive and how it can help them differentiate and actually grow their revenue streams. From a pricing standpoint, like all the industries, it’s price competitive out there. And we think our scale allows us to compete in the investments we’ve made. We think it allows us to compete in that category very, very effectively. Are we seeing increases in price competition honestly I’m not from my chair. But I would tell you it’s always been price competitive. Alright, and I think FIS is in a real good position to compete on that.
Gary Norcross: I am excited about the strength of our performance following the Worldpay acquisition and the progress we’ve made in bringing our two great teams together. I would like to thank our more than 55,000 associates across the globe who are working hard everyday to deliver exceptional results for our clients and shareholders. If you have any questions, following today’s call, please reach out to our Investor Relations team. I couldn’t be more excited about the future of FIS and I want to thank you for joining us today.
Woody Woodall: Yes, it’s a great question. We tried to highlight last quarter, we expected a little noise related to the transaction in the third quarter and we only had two months in there, that probably impacted by roughly a point negatively in the quarter. We also saw technology solutions in the old Worldpay nomenclature mid to high teens with continued momentum and expectation of that mid to high teens type level both e-com and integrated had very strong quarters as we expected. And we continue to see that through both the fourth quarter with a call out of expecting 10% growth for the Merchant Solutions group in the fourth quarter and continuing that momentum into 2020.
Woody Woodall: Yes, I will get the first question and maybe let Gary guess the second half of it. We talked about integrated or the old technology solutions growing roughly mid to high teens within if you break that down even further we would anticipate e-com in the fourth quarter and into 2020 to stay close to that 20% level and feel very good about the momentum in that business right now. Within the third quarter, specifically, it was in the mid to high-teens when you normalize some wins from last year, but very pleased with the overall growth of that business and anticipate it to continue to stay at those nearly 20% levels in the e-com.
Woody Woodall: Yes, I would anticipate we expect it to come out of the gate strong. We highlighted debit routing is some of it. I will say more of that in the U.S. right now, but I would tell you we are actually slightly ahead of plan on our revenue synergies coming out of the first couple of months and feel very good about executing that, but more of that in the run-rate right now would have been in the U.S.
Woody Woodall: Yes, I am not going to give 2020 guidance today on the call, but I would tell you that gives us incremental confidence on both remarks I made last quarter which we are approaching 7% organic revenue growth, has incremental confidence on that coming out of the gate with strong revenue synergies and then accretive to that $6.16 number you mentioned there, I have incremental confidence on that and we look at the overall increase in the cost synergies next year, but not giving a finer point on it at this point. We will give more color in February when we actually outline the 2020 guide specifically.
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think that’s right, David. The way the business flows we anticipate sales growth driving revenue growth. So as we are seeing that sales growth for several quarters gives us good visibility and we would expect that mid single-digit growth that we highlighted last quarter in the banking segment to continue through 2020 and have a high level of confidence and visibility into that as we continue to click off months of sales.
Woody Woodall: I don’t have the dollar amounts of revenue David. I would tell you that will be slightly under the 6% number as we had some of the noise from the transaction in there. We do still anticipate full year pro forma revenue as if Worldpay would have been in since January at right at 6%.
Woody Woodall: If you are looking at the specifics on timing of revenue synergies, they will ramp over the course of the year, next year. We’re starting to see some of those cross-sales from the Worldpay Vantiv flow into the actual results now, and they were built into our expectations as we outlined those last quarter and we’ll see the new revenue synergies sort of flowing through over the course of the year, next year.
Woody Woodall: Yes, it’s a good question. We continue to add color. I would tell you, first quarter comps next year have some challenge and maybe you remember this year Banking had a very strong first quarter of 2019. They had some tailwinds in it. So there is some comps in there. We anticipate revenue synergies to increment over the course of the year as they take form from achieved to realizing them in the P&L. So we’ll see that. We tried to give some color around merchant being at roughly 10% going into 2020 with good line of sight. Banking to be mid single-digits and the Capital Markets group to be low single-digits with some optimism on Capital Markets as we continue to see the quality of that revenue, the recurring nature of that revenue continue to increase. But we have incrementally more confidence in a 7% or approaching 7% organic growth in 2020 and certainly have incremental more confidence on the comment regarding it being accretive to the $6.16 I mentioned last quarter. So those would be some incremental color points Ashwin as we go into 2020.
Woody Woodall: Yes, the synergy number is a number net of dis-synergies, if you will. So things that we would have to invest related to the transaction, specifically would be netted into that number. To the extent we decided to invest further in other areas we would obviously call that out in a different way, but that synergy numbers, net of dis-synergies within the overall guide for 2020. We are or just announced, we will be building a new headquarters here in Jacksonville, effectively consolidating existing – three existing spaces that we have today in Jacksonville and we’ll expand and grow some incremental jobs. We continue to grow the overall company. It is in our overall guidance. It is our overall capital allocation and would not change anything that we’ve outlined already.
Woody Woodall: That’s a rough way to think about Dave. I mean, there are some pieces that were moved around as you know. We certainly saw very good growth in both integrated and e-com and trying to highlight some color on that. One of the theories we had is that the traditional business we could improve and grow faster and I think we’ll see that over time as it flows into the numbers. I think it’s a rough way to think about it. We’re trying to highlight that merchant on a go-forward basis, we anticipate Q4 to be about 10% and in 2020 to be roughly a 10% number, which aligns with that high-single low-double digit comment that we’ve talked about over the past couple of quarters. I feel very good about where the business is health of the very strong growers and our ability to drive some incremental growth in some of the slower business.
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think you’ve got merchant continue to accelerate off of Q3. We anticipate Capital Markets to continue to accelerate off of Q3, and banking closer to the Q3 number as it faces a little more difficult comps in the fourth quarter. Net-net, you’re seeing the increase in the fourth quarter on the guide, basically being driven by revenue synergies. And we already had some of those that revenue and cost synergies baked into the original Q4 guidance overall, and we believe it’s balanced Dave.
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think you’ll see expansion across all three segments particularly as corporate costs get leveraged into those segments. You’ll see incremental probably in merchant and banking and some of the most of the revenue synergies are driven out of those two segments, but you will see margin expansion across all.
Woody Woodall: Yes, on the cost side, we are really kind of close that out last quarter at the $250 million number. So most of the tracking at this point of that is behind us and we’re focused on integrating the new Worldpay with FIS. With regard to the $100 million of revenue synergies that was previously outlined, we anticipate more of that to flow into 2020. But I think that’s roughly in line with the original expectations as you are seeing us call out those cross- sells, and feel very confident that that’s still a good number.
Woody Woodall: On the cost synergy side, I think we are really pleased with where we are. At announcement day we started out with a roughly $400 million of cost synergies, we increase that to $500 million on the second quarter call. We increased that to greater than $500 million today, while we’re not end of job, we continue to focus. I think the teams are very good and continue to drive costs out of the business and we’ve got a long history of being able to overdrive our synergy targets.
