Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, no, I'll start, Dave, and let Woody add. We had a very strong Q1 across the board. We had really good sales in Q4. It came into Q1 and had really good sales in Q1 as well. As we talked prior in the call, that gives us confidence for the back half of the year, because most of our sales, as you know, there's a long sales cycle and then there's a long onboarding cycle. But we also had some nice license deals out of GFS that the team did an excellent job on in Banking and Payments in various regions. We continue to see good strong momentum on our synergies, while we finished the overall SunGard synergy program, we had not completely finished all of the programs we've had lined up. So, we've actually – we're onboarding some of those through the back half of last year and into this year, and that's generating results on the margin. So, really just across the board we just had a really good quarter. Woody talked about our transaction volume, and so that we're improving in Q1 as well and all that just translates into very high – higher revenue than we expected at very nice margins.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, let me talk about it from the sales channel. We're very pleased where the Institutional and Wholesale team is executing. We've had really good strong demand for sales across those product lines. As we talked in the past, David, we're seeing a lot of those customers, especially Tier 1 institutions where they built a lot of those capabilities in-house, they're now looking to lower their total cost of ownership. You've seen the growth in our utility and post-trade, but you've also seen good strong license sales and also SaaS model sales across that group. So, it's really being driven by market conditions with just a lot of disparate capabilities and we saw all this in the SunGard due diligence, but it's really nice to see it coming forward through the sales channel, and people are just looking for more effective ways to really pull together the front, middle and back office with capabilities that lower overall cost of ownership. So, sales has been strong. You do get some lumpiness in the Institutional and Wholesale business because of the license fee nature, although we are pushing more and more to a SaaS model that will level that out over time, but we're very pleased with the growth rates in I&W and we continue to see very strong demand in the pipeline and the teams did an excellent job executing against that pipeline and closing business.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, at times we can be a little more conservative. We saw good strong demand in Q4, but frankly, one quarter doesn't make a difference for us. We've now had two really strong sales quarters in a row, which gives us – frankly, it does make us lean in a little more to market conditions and seeing them improve. The pipeline looking forward into Q2, we feel good about our sales momentum going into Q2 and what the pipeline looks like there. So I do think right now, demand in the markets are improving.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, we haven't necessarily disclosed the exact revenue of digital. It's been a very, very strong grower for us over the years. As I've just talked about in my prepared remarks, we're rolling out our new Digital One capabilities, which is really an omni-channel approach to digital, and frankly will be our third-generation digital that we've been deployed dating all the way back to 2008. We continue to see very strong demand across our client base. We've disclosed on prior calls more than 40 million consumers running, for example, our mobile banking app. But we think it's going to be a continued strong grower for us for the foreseeable future. Digital has really now moved beyond just the mobile banking experience and really has moved across true omni-channel, and we're excited about this next-generation capabilities we're rolling out. And that's a great opportunity for us to upsell our existing clients, but also continue to take market share with our leading capabilities.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, for us, when we think about – when we think across our various verticals that we're serving, Retail Banking, Payments, Institutional and Wholesale, from a true product gap trying to fill, I would say we've got very little gaps there. You've seen us fill a few over the last several years. We made an investment, for example, in Wealth Management. We did something with Clear2Pay on real-time payments. But honestly, we feel very good about the portfolio. One of the things we'll be talking about next week in the investor update is really line of sight, and you're hearing us talk about some of the new capabilities we're bringing to market which will allow us to consolidate, frankly, in some instances two, three, four platforms down to one next-generation capability. From a scale standpoint, we do feel that scale's always an important – and while we have tremendous scale especially in the processing world, as we talked about our revenue backlog today, we would – we'd be interested in adding scale across any of those three verticals if it made sense for our shareholders and for the company.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, Jim, it's a great question. We're not forecasting a drop in consolidation in the industry. We think that consolidation will stay steady, although with me talking to clients as much as I do, a consistent theme are valuations are getting expensive, right? So, as people look at their various opportunities to do acquisitions, that will come into play. But we do think through 2018 we'll see fairly consistent consolidation in the industry. From a demand standpoint, I do see increased demand. We're seeing it in our sales channel and closing. Frankly, we run multiple large user conferences, just giving the size of our company, we just completed, as I said, three weeks ago our first one. We got our next one coming up in another three weeks. And both of those enrollment, it was up tremendously year-over-year, which also shows that banks are willing to start spending more discretionary dollars on travel to actually get exposed to new capabilities. So, there's a couple of things that would indicate demand is definitely growing over the last two quarters and we're seeing that push into the second quarter as well. So, Woody and I are pretty confident in the remainder of the year that that demand is going to continue. But we also think that you'll continue to see some fairly significant consolidation going on in the industry, assuming valuations don't just continue to rise at a too high of a rate.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, we're confident that we can do M&A activity and it drives tremendous shareholder value, as indicated by the SunGard acquisition. But what I'd share with you is, we also are a mature buyer. In other words, we can look across Retail Banking, we can look across Payments, we can look across Institutional and Wholesale, and there would be certain opportunities in any of those three verticals that could make sense. Valuations are high. Probably not telling you anything you don't know. So, for us, we're very confident in our strategy we have, we're very confident on our increasing organic growth and expanding our margins. So – but if an opportunity presented itself, that made sense, that brought us a new product or capability to one of those existing verticals, or broke us into an adjacent market we found interesting, and we could do that and really return a lot of value to our shareholders, we consider it.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. Keep in mind, our IFS business has a much higher reoccurring revenue rate, right? So, as you think about it, it really is that revenue under contract and based on the remaining term of the agreement and onboarding. But, to Woody's point, it really onboards in that backlog very similar with the reoccurring revenue rate at the various segments.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. Glenn, it's a great question, and honestly, we're seeing good strong pull-through across a number of our verticals. We're pretty excited about all the new capabilities. Over the last three years, when you – we were doing a lot of integration work on SunGard, but we were also doing a lot of innovation work around new capabilities and a lot of that's coming onto the – coming into market in 2018. So, we've seen really nice growth across our digital channels, both in volume, but also in sales momentum. We're seeing a lot of – several of our back office services as people are trying to drive costs out of their businesses and lower their overall total cost of ownership, seeing nice growth there. As we move over into GFS, we saw – we're seeing good demand on our new core capabilities, especially in some very large institutions and seeing good traction around some of those components and driving those into market. We've talked on several questions today about strength across Institutional and Wholesale. So, it's really a nice blend and that's one of the things that we always had felt great about FIS as we have such a diverse product portfolio. Our clients – various of our clients are investing in various areas based on their needs, and given our capability and strength of our capabilities, we can participate in those engagements.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, I think, if there would be something that's really standing out, I'd try to make some of those comments, George. We've talked a lot about domestically in community banking this need to outsource virtually 100% of their capabilities on a SaaS model. What we're seeing especially in the larger banks and regional banks, both domestically and internationally, and I mentioned this in my prepared remarks, we continue to see an increased demand for SaaS in those markets as well. And one of the things that I've been surprised by, we continue to talk about that, but the size of the institution that's willing to consider outsourcing a product, whether it's debit or credit processing, whether it's core banking, whether it's Institutional and Wholesale, post-trade, we're continuing to see a stronger increased demand in those outsourcing trends, which gives us a lot of confidence. Now in the short-term, George, as you expect, especially in that GFS market, we have more license fees. So there's a balance. As people move more to a SaaS model, we could see some lumpiness and actually some pullback in our license fees, but we're very pleased by that trend. Obviously, as our reoccurring revenue continues to go up in GFS, that will raise the overall reoccurring revenue of the company, which certainly gives us much, much higher visibility, not only into our quarters, but into multiple years out in our backlog, et cetera. So I would say that's the thing that probably is standing out the most for me. And we just continue to see that trend accelerate in the last several quarters.
Gary A. Norcross: I think it's still a competitive marketplace. No matter what market we're participating in, I think, we talked in quarters in the past, we might run into different competitors depending on the geographic region or the particular product line. But as I've also shared, we've got extremely competitive products and we're competing very well in the market and our sales teams are executing very well. We continue to invest behind our sales force and grow the sales force in our various geographic and market regions, and that's obviously going to continue to pay benefits as well as we onboard additional sales reps and get them up to speed. But, I would say, we've not seen any change in the competitive environment to speak of and – but our products just continue to perform very well in the market.
Gary A. Norcross: I really do see – we've talked about it a lot on this call. We really are seeing just increased demand in market. I mean, Q4 was a strong sales quarter for us pretty much across the board. Q1 was a strong sales quarter for us across the board. Pipeline continues to grow and have good velocity. Interesting, on our user conferences with the increase in participation, typically that's the very first thing that's cut is travel when people are really curtailing expenses. And so, we're seeing a nice increase across all of our major conferences. So, all those would be good indicators for me that demand's growing and we feel it's going to continue. But as people are really entering into, as you guys know, our contracts are long-term in nature. And so, typically the sales cycle is anywhere from 6 to 12 months, probably closer to 12 months in duration. Our onboarding times are in a similar range. So, these are big strategic commitments, our clients are making the purchase mission-critical IP-centric capabilities. And so, we feel good about it.
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing interest in FIS. We are pleased to start the year with a quarter of strong revenue, profitability performance, and earnings growth. Importantly, we are pleased to have a robust pipeline that positions us for another year of strong results. I look forward to sharing additional details about our accelerating growth plans and multi-year outlook when we convene at the St. Regis in New York City next week for our 2018 Investor Day. Joining Woody and me for a strategic update will be Marianne Brown, Chief Operating Officer of our Global Financial Solutions business; and Bruce Lowthers, Chief Operating Officer of our Integrated Financial Solutions business. In closing, I'd like to thank our loyal clients who depend on and trust us to keep their businesses running and growing every day. I'd also like to thank our leaders and employees for their hard work and dedication in serving our clients. It is because of both that FIS continues to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.
James W. Woodall: Yeah, Dave, if you think about it, we certainly feel incrementally better about the full-year. There are certainly some timing items in Q2 we talked about, but we feel incrementally better about the full-year. That's why we raised both bottom-end and top-end of the EPS guidance.
James W. Woodall: And I think, David, that really gives us higher visibility in both back-half and more importantly, the out years, 2019 and beyond.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. I think, David, one of the things we've been talking about in the past is data center consolidation and one of the factors that could drive future margin expansion. We're seeing strong traction in that program to-date, and we're going to talk more about Phase 2 of that program next week, but we certainly see the ability to drive margins beyond 2018.
James W. Woodall: No. So, we closed out 2017 with about $8.8 billion in debt. That ticked up slightly in Q1, which was expected. We anticipate aggregate debt to be down slightly year-over-year and leverage to come down based on our EBITDA growth. So, we will pay debt down slightly over the course of the year. We bought back about $600 million of shares to-date – year-to-date, and we continue to look at that as a use of excess cash flow as well.
James W. Woodall: Well, I think, more broadly, the last few years have been a lot of synergy from a margin expansion perspective. This quarter you had a couple of components. One, we really saw high margin revenue growth as the main driver of margin expansion. We certainly are seeing increased traction around our data center consolidation that will drive future expansion in the back half of the year, and in 2019 and beyond, and then, we've seen some divestiture of low margin businesses. That's a combination of the three main drivers of margin expansion.
James W. Woodall: No, I wouldn't say we've had a meaningful change in the complexion of the business. We had an 84% recurring revenue base as the starting backdrop, which is very consistent with what we've talked about in the past of 80-plus percent. We did have high license revenues in the quarter, but we saw also increasing processing and – processing volumes. The processing volumes are a little more difficult to predict, but I think you look at it in terms of how the markets are performing, what do you see in the broader markets on the volume front. So, looking at both those combined, we feel very good about what we have, but no major change in the landscape or the revenue type in terms of what's driving it.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. I would tell you, our back testing, I would say, the translation in the revenue has been very similar, which really realigns to about an 80% recurring revenue number. That has ticked up some as we've divested the non-recurring revenue businesses that we've talked about in the past. We haven't spent as much energy going way back, looking at backlog as it's a relatively new disclosure, but obviously we'll be trending it going forward. It's obviously ultimately going to drive in line with our longer term growth rates.
James W. Woodall: I would say the contribution is similar. As you think about our business on a broad scale, Andrew, it's a very predictable forecastable business. We have some lumps here and there in terms of license, but again, very predictable in terms of our ability to forecast.
James W. Woodall: Well, I'll get more specific on Q1. We had a term fee that was about a point of headwind. We had a license last year that was a difficult compare, which was about a point. You add those back, you're getting roughly 2 points of growth, and we anticipate seeing that. We saw underlying volume growth in both fraud and debit and are seeing visibility into those volumes into the back-half of the year. So we think that's the low-water mark for the Payments business this year.
James W. Woodall: Yeah, I would tell you, if you think about our sales and then when they're onboarding, it gives us higher confidence into the acceleration in the back-half of the year we've talked about. It also gives us a point of view around further accelerating in 2019 and beyond. We were – while very good this quarter, 3.3% was still within the top-end of our range for the year. And we're relatively conservative. So one quarter doesn't make a year, but as we've talked about, feel incrementally better about the year and we're certainly ahead of our plan to-date.
James W. Woodall: Well, I think about it in terms of M&A being – continuing to be a part of our long-term strategy, but the deal's got to fit strategically and it's got to make good financial sense. We're disciplined buyers. We don't just buy to buy, and we feel like our balance sheet's healthy. We feel like our leverage is about where we need to be. So we would anticipate continuing to see share buyback over the course of the year, absent a good M&A deal with a good valuation that fits strategically. And I think that's evidenced by year-to-date $600 million of share buyback.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. Our expectation is relatively flat. We had about $62 million last year. We've got roughly $60 million in our forecast for the year.
