James W. Woodall: Yes, as we described – as we laid out guidance for the first half of the year, we anticipated growth to grow in the second half of the year compared to the first half of the year. We have seen that. We saw 4% organic in Q1, 5% organic in Q2, which was a little bit of a tailwind. We were excited about that growth, but we anticipate continuing to see accelerated growth in the back half of the year. In conjunction with that growth, those will be more in the international revenue growth. It will be more in the consulting and services area. Again those don’t come on at the same margins as traditional processing revenue. If you combine that with some of the large license sales and termination fees that we noted in last year’s Q3, it is going to put some pressure on EBITDA margin, but again seeing that accelerated revenue growth that we anticipated.
James W. Woodall: Yes, I think as we talked about before. It depends on where the revenues come from. If they continue to come at a faster pace internationally and at a faster pace in these deals that have a lower overall margin profile, it will be difficult to continue to expand margins every year on that basis. However, we will also think at that same time, we would accelerate top line growth higher than that 5% of what we have seen over the last few years.
James W. Woodall: Yes, we had a contractual fees related to Umpqua Sterling Banks transaction that was about an 80 basis points tailwind this quarter. So if we are looking at just to give you some color around sort of one-times or non-recurring items in the quarter. Additionally, we continue to invest in the global financial institution market this year which has an incremental $30 million headwind year-over-year. That was about $7 million or $8 million in the quarter. So that's about 40 basis points or so of headwind in the quarter. So there are some moving parts but we are just trying to give you there some color around where those parts are as we flow through the year.
James W. Woodall: The term fees that really called out last year were mostly around BMO M&I, we talked about that being a $40 million number, we talked about 70% of that being in the first half of the year ratably between first quarter, second quarter and again between financial and payments about 70% again within payments versus financial. So, kind of sketch that math out that lot one, the specifics of those term fees are in the quarter last year.
James W. Woodall: Well, not necessarily term fees, we always have some level of term fees in the year typically we churn out to call those analysts that are truly significant for you guys and we didn’t have anything that was really significant in terms of term fees.
James W. Woodall: I think we called out in a combination of the script and or the margin expansion last year, I’ve to go back and double check. But, I know we saw, I think about 170 basis points of margin expansion in FSG and about a 175 of expansion in PSG, a lot of that was driven off of term fees as well as license fees last year, I think we called out the specifics around that.
James W. Woodall: Absolutely, I mean, as we normalize our mix, I think the way you’re saying and as you see expansion in countries, yes, management expects, they start saying obviously some margin tailwinds around some of these businesses and frankly we’re seeing some evidence of that. The consulting business you reference has continued to perform very well and obviously we want to keep that growth going and our consulting business is coming on at very traditional margins of what other large consulting groups are doing. There is a lot of opportunity around the globe to continue to sell out products, but now we absolutely believe that there is margin expansion in the business long term. I do think you will see some lumpiness from quarter-to-quarter but we not only think we will get operating profit growth, but we do think long term will get some margin expansion and we’ll continue to see that.Ashwin Shirvaikar – Citi Investment Research: Got it, thank you guys.
James W. Woodall: Well, I think you might think about in terms of markets. If you look at our North American market which is more of our traditional business, you will continue to see margin expansion as sales in that leveraged environment come on at higher margins than the average corporate margins. If you look at the global financial institution market, a lot of that is around consulting and services and it's a pull through of product but there are always services in that sales process, those we don't expect to come on at the same level of margin as our traditional business. And then the international group, we anticipate continuing to expand margins with those overall margins will be less than the corporate margin as they are today. They will expand and move towards that corporate margin but they will be lower than the overall margin in the short term but expanding. So you have to kind of map out where the math is or where you anticipate the math to be in those different markets to add them together to see what the margin profile looks like over the next three to five years.
James W. Woodall: If you go back to how you laid out the guidance in the year, again we anticipated lower growth in the front half of the year, higher growth in the back half of the year. My comment was specific to Q3 where we really anticipating towards the higher end of the range for Q3 specifically. We still think that 4.5% to 6.5% is the right number for year but we do anticipate more growth in the back half of the year than we did in the front half of the year. We are sure.
James W. Woodall: Yes, we haven’t given specific dollars around it but we anticipate I mean a little bit of a tailwind in revenue in the back half of 2014, obviously we closed in mid July. We don't anticipate any EPS accretion in 2014 from the deal that EPS accretion will come in 2015, in terms of thinking about it I mean when you look at $110 million purchase price at the end of the day it's not that significant of the deal when you think about what the accretion might look like. But it will be a bit of a tailwind in the back half of 2014 and then further into 2015.
James W. Woodall: Yes, I mean if you start thinking about in terms of regions, we saw extreme double-digit growth, high double-digit growth in Asia-Pacific. We saw very good double-digit growth in Europe and EMEA both in our traditional business as well as our Capco business. And then Latin America, we showed sort of mid single-digit growth. We anticipated seeing some headwinds in terms of overall growth because of sort of the macro economics going on in Brazil. But we are still seeing good growth there and then outside Brazil, again still seeing right at double-digit growth. So I hope that add a little color for you.
James W. Woodall: That's a good question. I think there are some differences in the characteristics in the areas international that we have more of a consulting services, we are seeing a little bit of lower margins and the areas that you are in more leveraged environments like Brazil for example and some of the southeast Asia stuff, Australia specifically you got some higher margin area. So there is a blend across the board. The other thing you saw in the quarter and we will see this year, this is part of our GFI investment, it’s growing into the international market, so you have got that specific investment flowing into the international markets as well.
James W. Woodall: We did not, Tim I think we have talked about it in the last few quarters, we have seen that not as a headwind anymore and as it continue to be a less significant component of the business, we are trying to get away from talking about it. I would tell you to give you some color this quarter, it wasn’t much of a headwind, slight headwind this quarter but not much one.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, Glenn, no, it is a great question. We are very confident, what we are seeing in the sales and excited about the results. The sales team is operating very well across North America, the international group and in the global financial group. Our pipeline continues to go up in all markets. We are seeing great deal flow, which is – which is exciting. So we are seeing stuff run through the pipeline on a faster basis and our sales success is up significantly over last year. So we do feel confident about the back half of the year, and we do feel good about next year. To Woody’s point, I’m actually pleased to see the growth in the services business, in the processing business and less licensing fee and less term fee. It gives you a much more stable revenue growth curve that allows you to run the business in a much more effective way. So we’re pretty bullish on where things are headed and the opportunity that exists in front of us.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. No, I mean I think it is – it is interesting what we are seeing across all markets. Just the classic deals that we traditionally sold, where it was a product, a single product and an implementation, even a single product on an outsourcing basis. While we are continuing to see that in the international market, frankly across [EFI] and even across North America we are seeing deals that are much more transformational in nature. Not only will they have intellectual property and capital, but really a long term services component, where we are taking a huge piece of that infrastructure. I think that transformational opportunity that you are probably referencing is the Jefferies deal that we just announced. But what we are seeing is even in that market right you have got very large institutions, needing to reduce their cost in a very material way to take a whole bunch of disparate applications and pull them together and wrap best practices around it, streamline the overall operations, reduce application complexity and deliver it over a long-term value proposition so they can not only control their cost, but drive efficiencies as they grow their business. And we are seeing these kind of engagements, where frankly it puts FIS in a very unique position. They are just not where we can really think of any competitor I think bring the capabilities around product, bring the capabilities around service and then bring the capabilities around consulting expertise to drive all that together to truly drive that long-term result. So we see it with the signing of Jefferies, we’re seeing it in our pipeline execution. Frankly even backup of some of the large deals that we announced where we look at what we’re doing with Sainsbury when you look at – what we are doing, things we are doing with the Umpqua, these are deals that all have, all of those components. So it's not just product lead it's a comprehensive product suite, it's wrapped around with those types of services and IT infrastructure. And when we look at our pipeline Brat, we have got more and more those types of deals coming into the queue.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, we have been real clear about that Brett. We fundamentally will give up a little bit of margin to accelerate the top end of the growth curve and we are seeing those results. Do we think there is margin expansion in the business? Absolutely, you continue to see us hold our corporate numbers flat, you continue to see us execute very well where appropriate cost need to be taken out but obviously we are pushing the company to a higher growth curve and would expect those results.
Gary A. Norcross: And Darren, it's not just the number of wins but it’s the size of the win. They are large deals for us and a lot of recurring revenue associated with it.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, now it's a great question. If you really peel back through PSG we have some business lines that actually really did perform very well. We saw some strong growth in money movement and our network business etcetera. But your point out is exactly right, we did have the brawn of the large term fee from M&I hit back particular segment just so happens as the way they fell last year and while we grew through it on the revenue line as those term fees come on at a 100% margins roughly as well software license as then you sell through that is not going to be able to fill that profit on the same manner. Frankly when we look, payment is just an interesting situation about Q2 and Q3 of this year. We’ve got some very difficult task for that particular segment, lot of license fees flowed, lot of term fees flowed through that segment last year. And one of the things we continue to see is our software licenses just continue to stare a step down which is positive for us long term, back at Frank’s point about long reoccurring revenue streams and it makes it much more predictable and makes frankly much more confident in what the future holds. But, those things do provide little lumpiness in the bottom line for us.
Gary A. Norcross: As we talked and we guidance, we expected EBITDA margins to be in line with revenue growth or EBITDA growth to be in line with revenue growth. We added some color to say, if we see revenue growth towards the higher end of that range and if it comes in more of the international space and consulting and services space, you may see EBITDA margin at the lower end of that growth profile. So it will put some pressure on margins this year, how we ultimately pan out for the year will depend on where the actual revenue flows but it will put some pressure on overall margin expansion for the year.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, Ashwin we’re trying to give some color on that and more trying to continue to work and give you more insight over the cause. But, if you look, I talked about the deal flow through that pipeline not only are we building pipeline, we’re seeing good churn on the pipeline meaning we’re seeing decisions, obviously you don’t win every decision in the market. We would tell you, if we did, but what we’re seeing is, is great deal flow through the pipeline and we’re continuing to see growth in the pipeline. So, not only are we seeing good deal churn we’re actually replacing that pipeline and the pipeline is growing and our sale success has been growing consistently quarter-over-quarter and in Q2 it was a very big quarter. To your point, how we’re on-boarding some these larger deals, some of these deals depends on the type of engagement we have, I highlighted Sainsbury Bank major milestone this quarter getting their IT infrastructure established. We’re seeing great, so that project is big and complex as it is, which I know a lot of the times these things around the industry will drag out. We hear stories about people’s project getting elongated beyond the original pro forma. This one is right on schedule and so we feel very good about executing, we got other milestones in Q3 and Q4 and you will see that probably on-boarded by Q1 of next year, so feel good about that. ING is another one, very complex, very large transpiration project worldwide once again that project continues hit every milestone, we’re seeing revenue associated with both of those deals come on in the manner that we thought. The ATM deals are great examples as well, we announced a very, very large contract and it’s going to ramp up to $100 million revenue, actually that ATM deployment is right on schedule and in couple other regions. In India, we’re actually a little ahead of our deployment schedule and we’re seeing a transaction volumes come up within pro forma. So all of these things, the deal flow is important and we’re seeing in, frankly as I answered on another question, we’re seeing an acceleration of deal flow. We’re seeing, decisions are starting to be made on a shorter time period, some of these large complex deals still take 12 plus months to go through sales cycle because they’re larger, they’re more complex, but we’re seeing deal flow accelerate. We’re seeing pipeline accelerate and we’re seeing our sales success and signings accelerate, so all of that makes us pretty confident about the second half of the year, makes us confident about 2015 and we think the strategy is working very well at this point.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, we’re starting to actually see that but in a circle concept, it’s a good question David. We haven’t seen entire circles come back around, what we’re starting to see in our reference some of them in the call with Muthoot Financial and Bank of India and others, we’re starting to see ATM expansion right, not only in public sector banks but non-public sector banks. But, we’re starting to see some of the large public sector banks that are struggling and circles come to companies like FIS and allowing us to deploy, even in circles we didn’t win and we’re starting to see more and more of that because they do have their numbers, they’ve got to get out, they’ve got to grow their business. So, we’ve seen a complete circle comeback around, no, I’m not saying that it won’t happen, but it still remains. They’re certain circles that are struggling throughout India and we continue to take market share based on our results and the team has just done a phenomenal job in India. We got a great leadership team over there and they are really shining against the competition in deployment of these environments.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, it's a great question. Right now it is VISA and MasterCard and it's really the card reissue inside of EMV, we think it's very significant. We got actually a pretty full pipeline around that side of our business and so we think it's a good opportunity and good testaments. Frankly I think it's the largest EMV deal done so far around cards but not sure that's one I said one of the largest, I mean it's definitely up there. And when we look at our pipeline Tien, generally there is a lot of opportunity around this particular space. So we are starting to see, we have been seeing some EMV activity but it has been more partial reissues, high network, individuals, people traveling outside the states et cetera, et cetera. This is the first that at least in our environment where we have seen someone convert their entire card portfolio.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, we are excited about it though when you think about especially the community banking market, one of the things all financial institutions are clamoring for is how to drive additional fee income and how to make more money and how to penetrate further their customer race with the broader products suite. One of the things we are seeing is we had a great product solution around wealth management but frankly a lot of the community institution just don't have the expertise to deploy full on back office trust services. Reliance Financial allows us now to take the subject matter expertise and intellectual capital and best practices around running a trust organizational, wealth management organization coupled with our product capability and the combined event is going to put us in a very good position to deploy that offer now to more than 600 sales resources around the U.S. So we think it's a great opportunity. I even said in my notes we would be disappointed if it didn’t double in size in the next five years and to Woody’s point it’s going to contribute accretively in 2015 and beyond with that growth.
Gary A. Norcross: That’s for sure I mean we are seeing great ramp-up in Sainsbury we are seeing great results in ING. We are seeing some other significant wins in Europe. Frank and we talked about other calls that Europe has been a headwind for us with several years because it turn slower from the macro economic issues. We are now seeing that accelerate for us with several large deals to double-digit growth as Woody just talked about. We are seeing Brazil slow and it's been a major tailwind for us. Although we are still seeing good growth in Brazil and very bullish on our opportunities down there and then Asia-Pacific is growing very well and very, very strong in fact and all of that's is non-consulting. Now the consulting business, don't get me wrong, doing very well. So you are seeing the combination of all those things continue to push our international segment at double-digit rate.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, just to build on that Ramsey, it's a good question. Keep in mind over the last year now we talked about how we’ve seen a very quick shift from product licensing to outsourcing and so what Woody’s point is exactly that as our outsourcing builds in various markets, you are going to see that margin accelerate but given the infancy in some of the markets of our outsourcing, you have got to sign more customers to get that scale. But once again, we are very pleased with that transition. It will normalize our growth streams and allow us to give us confidence in our projections in a much more effective way and also overtime, will produce much more predictable margin expansion.
Frank R. Martire: So, Brett these are now one-off opportunities when you look at Jefferies and some others, we have a very strong pipeline that supports that they will continue and thus many those that will come.
Frank R. Martire: And to add a little more color, just to be clear, we would expect profit growth to accelerate and we would trade margin expansion to trying to accelerate that profit growth faster than we have today.
Frank R. Martire: Yes, I think Darren it's going very well. We are very pleased on it, try to provide some color in the script. When you look at the Jefferies win, it's direct result of that investment. We have announced another large win prior around unfortunately some of these global institutions don't allow you to expose their name in our earlier call. We are seeing great momentum in the pipeline to where these points we are right on track with our investment, you are exactly right. What we did was we hired really sales team if you want to think about it, client relationships teams dedicated to these top financial institutions. So they are a team and they are built around the global client partner. Their expectation, our expectation of that engagement is to drag all the things I discussed, not only in consulting and services but also product and processing and we are seeing strong results around that and seeing the strong pipeline as it grows to what these points mix is all different but the deals are long term in nature. Our pipeline actually has grown more in GFI than it has in the other markets but it's grown across all the markets which would indicate that this level investment there was some pin up demand in those markets and we are executing against it. So we feel good about the investment today.
Frank R. Martire: I think a lot less in terms of difficult comps for the segment, second and third quarter just had sort of heavy one times in it, we’ve tried the highlight for you, but it’s an easier comp in the four.
Frank R. Martire: And as we said on the GFI space specially that's an area that as we continue to see the success we are seeing and as we continue to see it accelerate the top line, don't expect, we might come back and talk about further investment in that market frankly it accelerated even further. So we talked about that when we announced the original 30 million, this is something that we fundamentally believe there is lot of opportunity there and as the team executes but the Woody’s points, even in GFI those services businesses, the margins ramp overtime because it's long term they deploy those services and as the services reach scale you are going to see even margin expansion there. So that's goes back to the earlier question that I think Ashwin talked about which is we’ll see margin expansion across the businesses but it's going to come in different ways across those markets and the type of mix we are deploying there.
Frank R. Martire: And Ramsey, it’s like any place more size and scale we are able to leverage more and drive down cost.
Frank R. Martire: Okay. Thank you for your questions, for your continue interest in FIS. Our strategy is working. We are driving profitable results. Clients are reacting favorably to our business models and are driving demands for our solutions and services as we enable our clients to reach their own efficiency and growth requirements. Our solution innovation is helping our clients transform themselves into financial service landscape. We are very confident about our 2014 outlook and long-term growth prospects and we remain focused on driving superior returns for our shareholders. Thank you to each of you for joining us on today's call and to our FIS employees who are dedicated to the success of our clients each and every day. Thank you.
