Gary Norcross: Yes. No, we appreciate the compliment. I think the team did execute well. We continue to build the backlog out. As you're seeing, the implementations have been going very well on the Modern Banking Platform, installs as well as across a number of our other new products that we've launched. You'll start seeing some of our modern banking wins start to come online towards the very end of this year through some friends and family rollout but primarily will ramp up throughout next year.  As we've talked about on prior calls, Tien-Tsin, I mean, these are these are really big contracts measured in tens and in several instances, well over $100 million. And so as they start launching up, you'll see that growth accelerate through 2021 and contribute to that.   From a margin perspective, you're right, there are some start-up costs. But you'll also see well ahead of where we thought we would be on cost, so very comfortable as we look towards margins into next year and continue to expand those. And that's really just, given the durability of our business model, we're able to offset some of those start-up costs through other margin acceleration in other areas. So we're very comfortable where we are there. 
Gary Norcross: Yes. I would actually put a little spin on what you just said. I would say depth and breadth are required in this industry is what we're seeing. We're starting to -- you need the depth in order to drive the scale to be able to be at a total cost of ownership to drive value to the end customer. You need the breadth because frankly, especially what we're seeing in some of these large signings that we've had over the last 9 months, is people are looking to leverage more of their buying power with a single solution provider, frankly eliminate the need for custom code and carrying cost and uniqueness.  And even with the openness of like Code Connect and our open API framework, our ability to leverage that and drive value into the customer is differentiated compared to the customer then having to manage now on a new third party, et cetera. So I think breadth and depth are important. And we're continuing to see that expand in the sales cycle. 
Gary Norcross: Yes. No, look, I think that's very important for us. We talked a lot about it. We're really excited about getting that end market. We've actually been testing it with a series of our new customers. What it gets us is really speed of implementation. Our ability now to bring people into and gain access to all of our various payment types and all of our various currencies that we transact business on a global nature is really second to none. And so if you look, it's a ground-up build that really is a next-generation innovation that gives our new customers, these large global merchants an opportunity to bring in their developers into a DevOps environment to quickly and expeditiously test in real-time and onboard.  So you see speed of onboarding, you see flexibility and gain of access to all of our back-end systems all through a very simple, easily utilized deployment mechanism. So we're excited about this. This will clearly be the single gateway for us for the future going forward. And obviously, over time, we'll move our other remaining gateways to this over the next 12 to 18 months, so real excited about this development coming online. 
Gary Norcross: Yes. No, I think it's a great comment, Dave. I mean, obviously, you've got to go back to almost 5 years ago, when we really put the company through just a huge pivot towards next-generation technology and transformation. We invested heavily in cloud-based computing. We then brought on our application stack and start investing heavily there to take advantage of the cloud. And so now if you look, what's different is we're really at a really differentiated level at this point in time. We've lowered our availability times now to, in some instances, 10 minutes or less, where a lot of the industry is still at 24 hours. We've brought on new capabilities. The speed at which we're able to drive new capabilities in market have accelerated dramatically. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we're really just getting started.  And all of that is really translating into our sales engagement. So kind of to the comment Tien-Tsin made about breadth, what we're really starting to see is people are looking not for just what's the next-generation status on our FIS Modern Banking Platform, but that's just one of many solutions we're bringing to market. But what we're seeing in banking is people are looking for that. They're looking for an open API layer. They're looking for a differentiated digital experience. They're looking for back-office services to augment some of theirs. They're looking for advanced automation around data and decisioning. And all of that is now coming together in solutions.  So we're pretty pleased with what we're seeing in the sales channel at this point and really seeing the results accelerate through the growth curve in banking. And as you said, if it wasn't for the license grow-overs, which you guys look at the license fees every quarter, that's consistently declined every quarter this year. And so it really just shows the power of the company through driving long-term, scalable, reoccurring revenue to offset that as we transition through that. So yes, banking had a great quarter. 
Gary Norcross: Yes. No, look, I think Access Worldpay, and honestly, just our current position in global e-com puts us at a very competitive advantage to compete and continue to win share. We highlighted a new win of bringing on some Walmart volume in e-com. So as you look, we're really differentiated in that space, continue to be the leader in global e-commerce. And we continue to feel very bullish on where we are going with our sales wins. 
Gary Norcross: Well, look, I mean, as I described earlier, I mean, every contract is a little different. But what we are seeing is a broad breadth of additional services being wrapped around these modern banking wins. So in all -- in some instances, those customers were already doing issuer payments on the debit side, for example, with those customers. In some instances, we've expanded payments into those spaces. In other instances, we've had to leverage Code Connect in order for them to gain access into their existing payments provider. So it's really been a combination of all of the above, David, as we've worked through that.  It's a real interesting dynamic as we see these customers. We talked about several quarters ago, would we see a top 30 institution really go through a core transformation? Well, now we've answered that question resoundly, which is yes. We've had several. But what's really interesting is more and more now are expanding more of what they're taking from us, which starts to making them look much more like a regional or even a community bank in how they're thinking about their next-generation total cost of ownership to deploy retail banking. So it's a long-winded answer to a little bit of all of the above. 
Gary Norcross: Yes. I think it's a great question, George. I mean what we're -- what we've consistently seen, obviously, we've actually seen a slowdown during the pandemic with M&A activity across our various clients. But I'll just go back to historically and remind you, especially in the banking business, we tend to be in the larger side of the market, right? So the largest regionals, super regionals, national and global institutions. And because of that, our customers tend to be the acquirers. And over the last several years, what we've really seen, even when they're not, most of the time when our customers being acquired, given our scale in the large side of the market, we've been very fortunate in not only being able to retain the business but actually grow the business through moving the acquirer onto our platforms.  And so we think that trend is going to continue. We do see continued -- the strength in the sales channel frankly is based on some comments I've made in prior calls. I think a number of the larger global institutions and a number of the larger institutions frankly have just held on too long to make technology investments, especially around core banking, especially around modernization, digital enablement, openness, et cetera. And I think you're seeing that now translate just into a really strong not only pipeline, sales success and obviously increasing backlog.  I want to thank you for your questions, for your participation in today's call. We'll conclude with Slide 15. While we are excited about the momentum that's building within our business and the growth prospects for FIS, I do want to reinforce our continued commitment to helping our colleagues, clients and communities thrive by advancing the way the world pays, banks and invests. We continue to invest in innovation to drive top and bottom line benefits for FIS and our clients, but we haven't achieved success through investments alone.  Our colleagues remain key stakeholders in our business, and we are becoming the fintech employer of choice by maintaining an inclusive and diverse environment while fostering a culture of innovation and growth. I sincerely want to thank each of you for your continued efforts. We would not be where we are without you. For our clients, we will continue to deliver tailored end-to-end experiences by leveraging differentiated technology and unique expertise. Together, we will exceed consumers' rising expectations with solutions that are fast, flexible and frictionless. And lastly, for our communities, we will continue to get back, not only during these challenging times but always in order to have a positive impact on the places where we live and work. Together, we will continue to win as one team and deliver on our commitments.  In closing, I'd like to thank you for your investment in FIS. We appreciate your support. Thank you, stay safe, and goodbye. 
James Woodall: I'll take that one, Dave. I think it is a combination of 2 things. It's, one, the revenue and volumes from merchants that have extremely high contribution margin there. Plus to your point, we have not pulled back on our investment in the current year. We think it's the right answer to continue to drive acceleration into 2021 and to continue to build the business for the long term. But it's a combination of those 2 items is why, if there's an expectation of higher margin, why you're not necessarily seeing it. Again, those merchant volumes come on and go off at very high contribution margins. 
James Woodall: Yes. I'll take that one, Gary. I thought, well, I'm not providing specific guidance this morning, but I'll just give you some color on revenue growth expectations by segment for the fourth quarter. We expect banking to reaccelerate in 4Q towards the mid-single digits. We also expect it to be the highest growth quarter of the year. To your point around comps, we have a fairly difficult comp in capital markets but do expect modest acceleration in the fourth quarter over Q3. And then merchant trends continue to improve. Merchants' growth dynamics do have uncertainty around the pandemic, potential fiscal stimulus and some of their impact on holiday spending. But certainly, those are some thoughts and color around how we think about revenue growth in the fourth quarter.  On the larger wins in banking, we certainly do anticipate it continue to be a component of our confidence in accelerating growth in 7% to 9% for 2021 as these large Modern Banking Platform wins come online and flow through. The cost associated with them are hung on the balance sheet until we actually get the client converted. And then ultimately, we'll amortize back through to create a more normalized margin profile on a go-forward basis. So that's some color around that. But they are sizable wins. If you go all the way back to a little over a year ago, it was one of the areas that we felt like we could accelerate banking's growth beyond maybe what the market was expecting. And I think we're seeing that right now in sales, in backlog, in pipeline. And as we start in the fourth quarter, you'll see it in the actual revenue organic growth rate as well. 
James Woodall: Yes. If you think about Q2, there was about a 12 point spread there between volume and revenue growth. It was about 9 points this quarter. If you normalize for all the tax, where volumes were up roughly 4% for the quarter and then absent the tax shift was -- revenue was down about 5%. So it's about a 9 point differential. We're seeing it in a combination of SMB improvements is the primary driver as you're seeing yields on those SMB clients higher than some of the other verticals that we've talked about before. And we've even seen some improvement in travel and airline. While it's still soft, it certainly improved over 2Q levels. And the yields in that vertical tend to be a little higher for us as well. So yes, as expected, we did see the correlation between volumes and revenue narrowing. And we anticipate that to continue to narrow as we go forward. 
James Woodall: Sure, Jason. We did anticipate and see trends in merchant continuing to improve. Again, the growth dynamics in the fourth quarter for merchant are really around the pandemic status, potential fiscal stimulus and ultimately their impact on holiday spending, which is the wildcard for us right now. But we do continue to see improving trends, obviously exiting September at 6% in terms of volume growth, helping us in terms of the merchant outlook for the fourth quarter. On the margin profile, we do expect sequential margin improvement for 4Q and full year margin expansion. To be very clear, based on current expectations and trends that we see, we expect fourth quarter margins to be about 45% or roughly flat with last year, Jason. 
James Woodall: Yes. Thanks, Ashwin. For the quarter specifically, I would tell you license and renewals was about a 3 point headwind or said a different way, cap markets would have grown about 2% versus minus 1%. If you think about it going forward, we've been talking about this transition to Saas. I think it will continue to take the recurring revenue rate up from roughly 70%, where it is today, up into the 80% or more over time. We will see those dollars start converting as most of the sales, a majority of the sales, if you will, are coming on from SaaS-based revenues. And we do anticipate margins to drive forward with that and removing some of the lumpiness around the quarterly impacts of license but looking at yearly trends that could drive margins up in that business longer term.  If you look at cap markets specifically, we've been beginning to message that cap markets would move from the low single-digit growth towards low to mid-single-digit growth. That is our current expectation for 2021 as we see these SaaS revenues and contracts begin to convert into revenue. So we certainly anticipate acceleration into 2021 based on the backlog and the sales that we've experienced and booked to date. So that's how we're thinking about the revenue profile on cap markets going into '21. 
James Woodall: Yes. The 3 points of delta between organic at 3% and sort of normalized at 6%, roughly 1 point of that is around the difficult license compare, specifically around a $20 million kind of anomalous license. If you remember, license is a relatively low number for us in the banking organization. The 2 points that's generally COVID-related, it is really around issuer payment volumes between network, debit/credit, et cetera, on the issuer side and the overall payment volumes being lower than they were last year. And that's the real delta there, Ashwin. 
James Woodall: Yes. I'll start and maybe, Gary, you can add on if you'd like. We've been very committed to both the equity capital markets and the debt capital markets in terms of commitments that we've made and delivering on those commitments. We're very focused on continuing to delever the balance sheet. And we'll be focused on delevering the balance sheet into 2021. And at that point in time, Dave, we've got more flexibility to utilize capital in a different way to continue to drive incremental shareholder returns, whether that be M&A, which is our preference to be candid, or through potentially share buyback longer term.  But we are still focused on delevering back to roughly 2.7x and living up to those commitments on the debt capital markets. I think living up to those commitments long term has given us a lot of credibility with the agencies and has allowed us to ultimately utilize debt capital and very cheap debt capital by living up to those commitments long term. 
James Woodall: Yes. Sure. We did see volumes increase in September at about 6% as we described on the chart or 4% for the quarter. We continue to generally trend in line with the networks. I would tell you, in the third quarter, we were a little closer to Visa with U.S. volume growth at about 7% and double-digit growth in debit. I believe a good bit of that was continued improvement in SMB. I think that's why you continue to see the yields from our revenue and the gap narrowing around the correlation between volume and revenues. So we do continue to see SMB recovery, particularly in the U.S. right now.  As you mentioned, travel and airlines continue to be soft. But it actually improved as well, particularly over Q2 levels. And then e-com ex travel and air continues to be really strong at 30% growth for the quarter. So different moving parts within the verticals, but with the SMB specifically, we certainly continue to see incremental levels of improvement there driving improvement in our revenue yield. 
James Woodall: Yes. I think it's really around 3 key fundamentals for not only growth in '21 but sustaining that growth. New sales are building our backlog. Backlog was up 6% this quarter and it's consistently up mid- to upper single digits over the past several quarters. Second, we've got revenue synergies that continue to outpace our original expectations, both in timing and quantum. So that's driving our confidence level. And then the third would be, as Gary talked about last quarter, our Chief Growth Officer office continues to drive incremental product. We tried to highlight that as part of some of the incremental innovations that we're getting in the marketplace. Pushing new product into the market faster is not only going to help us into 2021 but will help us sustain that growth once we get through the revenue synergy timelines.  If you look at banking specifically, we got large signings coming online as well as very good sales that we've been talking about that will help us continue to accelerate growth in that mid- to upper single-digit area that we've been talking about. Merchant, to your point, we currently believe the impact of COVID will obviously at least anniversary at some level and should drive incremental growth. The question is ultimately how much. And we continue to take share in those key verticals. And then cap markets, as I mentioned a little bit earlier before, continues to benefit from the transition to SaaS including some higher normal renewals in 2021. And we believe that will move us towards mid-single-digit growth. The combination of all those items is what's giving us confidence in the 7% to 9% organic growth, not only for 2021, but we've been messaging that for several years to come. So that's some color around the revenue outlook and really the fundamentals in how we believe it builds up from 2021 forward. 
James Woodall: I think that's right. And we're not going to provide specific 2021 margin today. It is November. We are in the planning process. And we're in a pretty uncertain backdrop as everybody knows. That said, I can give you some color around the building blocks for 2021. We'll continue to see operating leverage in the base business. You've seen that year in and year out since Gary and I have been at the helm. We have also outperformed on our cost synergies and we'll see that benefit flowing through 2021.  The majority of our short-term cost actions will reverse, primarily bonus compensation. We'll hold the line on the rest of it or try to hold the line on the rest of it, understanding some of it's travel-related. And we believe some of that will return later next year. And then ultimately, based on the demand in the pipeline, we could be looking at some potential incremental investment to further accelerate growth. Again, not giving a specific guide today, but when we do provide guidance in February, I'll give you guys a bridge with all these building blocks and on how margin rate builds up from 2020 into 2021. 
