Gary Norcross: Thank you, Nate. Good morning, and thank you for joining us. We achieved very strong start to the year, exceeding our expectations across the board in the first quarter. As shown on Slide 5, we realized accelerating revenue growth, exceptionally strong new sales and significantly expanded margins across all our operating segments. Our Worldpay revenue synergies are also accelerating through increased cross-selling as well as ramping volumes on prior synergistic sales. As a result, we are increasing our 2021 and 2022 revenue synergy targets to $600 million and $700 million, respectively. During the quarter, we leveraged our continually strong free cash flow to begin buying back stock, fund our increased dividend and make strategic investments in intriguing new companies that are accelerating new capabilities and pushing the boundaries of financial technology. I’m also pleased to share that we divested our remaining minority position in Capco in April, netting a very positive return for our shareholders in over $350 million in proceeds for our remaining stake.
Gary Norcross: Yes. I think we’re really confident on what we’re seeing during the sales side. Bruce and his team are doing a fantastic job driving sales. You see us bringing -- he’s bringing a lot of new capabilities to the market. Modern banking platform has been very successful. That’s why we’re very confident that these onboardings are going to continue to accelerate our growth from here throughout 2021 and to 2022. I’ll remind you, a lot of these sales, in fact, almost all of them, are just highly SaaS-enabled solutions in our cloud. So the reality is, as growth and demand grows, as new capabilities roll out on all these wins, you’ll continue to see our revenue growth accelerate here. So we can’t be more pleased with where the banking segment is. We’ve made a huge investment in banking over the last several years with new product, data center consolidation, cloud enablement, et cetera, and seeing the results of that in market now as we speak.
Gary Norcross: Yes. For us, George, it’s been business as usual from a competitive standpoint at this point. You see what -- our issuing business did extremely well. And I think Woody talked about it being up 10%. I highlighted in my prepared remarks the takeaway on the new PaymentsOne platform. We’re seeing great growth through our NICE network. But I think the team has done a nice job of presenting our value proposition. And so for us, we’re just continuing to compete in the market and take share.
Gary Norcross: Yes, Darrin, I mean, the team has done a great job of just retooling the whole go-to-market. Obviously, we had some big programs that we had to get completed with the Worldpay integration, the NAP completion and migrations completely behind us. When you look at everything we’re doing on the gateway and fully launched, and you see how quickly our new gateway is ramping up and with the changes Bruce and his team has made in the go-to-market, I mean, we had great sales not only in e-com, but I mean, we had great sales across our integrated channels, our banking channels, our large enterprise and feel really great about what that’s going to do as far as accelerating revenue growth in that Merchant channel.
Gary Norcross: Yes. We’ve talked about this on a lot of calls, Darrin. But I mean, it’s really the complexity of day 1 implementation that’s going to drive time line. So some of our customers that we’re signing are coming on with a new capability or a new product day 1. Obviously, that launch can accelerate very, very quickly. The great news on that is then once you launch that solution, you’ll start bringing additional products on across the deposit side of the retail bank, and then you’ll move into lending, as we’ve talked about in the past. So you think about these large wins, it’s not only what you’re getting in revenue stream on the day 1 launch but how that revenue stream is going to accelerate over the coming years, which is why we’re so excited about it. But the implementation time line still is determined a little bit by the overall complexity of the day 1 launch. And the team has done a remarkable job of automating these new technologies. Historically, where certain things might have taken weeks or months in the past where literally you’ve got them now to days or hours with automation, standing up new environments, et cetera. So the investments, to your point, that we’ve made in these newer technologies, they’ve really put us on a differentiated playing field in the market. And as Bruce talked about earlier, we’re now starting to see the demand get generated from within the client. So now they’re realizing they’ve got to make a move. I mean the environment’s got to change. They have to embrace cloud. They’ve got to embrace cloud-native technologies in order to compete, to get their cost structures in alignment, to compete with the new disruptors. So we’re in a really good position in -- especially in the large bank market.
Gary Norcross: Yes, Ramsey, just to build on that. I mean, to be real clear, we’ve seen crypto really move into an asset class, right, which is really, really a lot around investment, et cetera. And so the team has done a great job, I think, of positioning it. They’ll offer it to our financial institutions, and we’ve had, as Bruce just mentioned, a lot of demand there. And then whether it moves truly to a point of presentment currency, that remains to be seen. But to Bruce’s point, it’s just been a home run with these exchanges and where we’re acquiring and converting other currencies into crypto, and it’s really been a nice job by the team of identifying an emerging market and taking advantage of it, and as we highlighted today, finding hyper growth because of it.
Gary Norcross: Yes. I’ll just build on a little bit, Lisa. I mean when you look at our raise on the revenue synergies with the Worldpay integration, you see the significant contribution that all of our strategies are producing. And as you mentioned, at the start of this, we really felt confidently that, with the combination of Worldpay, FIS’ expertise in these global countries could allow us to expand quite rapidly, and I think you’re seeing that. And when you look at where we are just even on the e-com business and our new sales, our ability to launch in these new countries, bring e-commerce capabilities as a day 1 stepping point and think about our global nature of our clients in e-com, we talked about on multiple calls the enterprise nature of those customers, they’re seeing that as an opportunity because now we’re opening up new markets for them. And then as they open up those new markets as well, we capture that volume. So it’s really a win-win combination of us absolutely penetrating into those markets but also taking our global companies on an e-com basis into that, and as they grow, we grow. So, it’s certainly a contributor to our revenue synergies. And as you see, we’re raising that again on this call. So feel really good about how all this is coming together.
Gary Norcross: No. I think it’s a combination of both. I think we’re catching a tailwind on -- with -- because there is some rising demand, especially in digital enablement and self-service and in modernization. And so we’re in a really good spot in the upper bank market. In the lower end, we continue to see some consolidation but we tend to be the benefactor there as well. But we are seeing growing IT spend as people are coming out of the pandemic. And -- but that IT spend is positioned on where we’ve made investment, which is cloud-native technology. So whether it’s -- we highlighted PaymentsOne and the success, about 300 new financial institutions onboarding that platform in the last year, you look at what we’re doing in Digital One in the movement of customers there and launching the NYDIG arrangement there or you go to monitor banking platform and look at the success and the size and scale of those. So, I think we’re well positioned in an increasing spend but -- because the spend is focused where we’ve made investments over the last 3 to 4 years. So we’ve got really good timing on the market and feel really good about it.
Gary Norcross: Yes. That’s where I was going to go. I mean not only we’re going to hit exactly what we thought or even exceed that where with regards to the combination. I mean, the team is doing a very nice job of now moving into the next round. Bruce talked earlier about how much faster we’re moving, and it’s really all through automation. So as you think about the next chapter of where we’re taking technology, we’re now taking advantage of all those historical investments. So our ability to expand margins even further in the coming years, we’re very comfortable with. And we talked about that on the last call, about pushing our margins even higher in 2022 and beyond just due to all these other automation and AI-type utilizations and new technology. So we feel really good about the positioning and the outcomes.
Gary Norcross: Yes. No, I think -- I’ll let Bruce build on. But Tien-Tsin, I think it absolutely allows us to lean forward on the balls of our feet more. I mean those were major programs that we had to get complete when we did the Worldpay combination. We knew that. We had to finish building out the NAP acquiring platform. We had to migrate all of the clients. Bruce talked about the success, and I did as well, of Access Worldpay. And now you’re starting to see it in the sales engine. In fact, given the demand that we’re seeing, in our prepared remarks, we talked about adding 300 more salespeople just to the merchant business. And so that could give you the indication or not the demand we’re seeing and the confidence we have in our capabilities to compete and win share. And you’ve seen a great result of that over the last -- not only in Q1 and our sales success going back to Q1 ‘19, but we also saw it ramping in Q4. So I do think more and more large enterprise merchants are consolidating down to single providers. And when you get to our capabilities, our ability for the ease of access, the multicurrency, the multi-country, all on a unified, most modern platform in market, we feel great about where we are.
Gary Norcross: It’s always a great question. We always look at it very hard. As you guys know, M&A is always going to be an important part of our strategy to help drive scale and new capabilities, and we’ve gone through that on every call. Our appetite’s really not changed from where we were last quarter. We still think properties are really pricey in market. We are having great success organically with our sales engine. Woody highlighted the amount of stock buybacks we did in Q1. We still see the our stock price is undervalued. So we think the best company, obviously, to buy right now is ourselves. So -- but we’ll continue to watch the market, and we’ll continue to look for opportunities that can bring us new capabilities or that makes sense financially and the timing works and cultural lines. But -- and as long -- if we can find that, we would still be willing to do some M&A. But I don’t think our viewpoint on it has really changed since Q1 at all, and you’re going to continue to see us lean heavily into paying down our debt, increasing our dividend and buying back shares, all while investing in transformation and as we drive into our growth curve.
Gary Norcross: Thank you. And I want to provide some closing thoughts as we end the call. We are emerging from the pandemic with an even stronger competitive position than when we entered it. Our ongoing commitment to growth and innovation is unwavering, and we will continue to enhance our value proposition by continuous modernization of our platforms and delivering new capabilities to the market. Our achievements and success are built on the dedication and hard work of our colleagues, clients and communities. We rely on these key stakeholders to continue advancing commerce in the financial world. Together, we will win as one team and deliver on our commitments. In closing, I’d like to thank you for your investment in FIS, and our colleagues who are delivering value to our clients each and every day. We appreciate your support. If you have any further questions that were not addressed on this call, then please contact our Investor Relations team. Thank you. Stay safe and goodbye.
Woody Woodall: Yes. Within the 30% to 35%, Dave, you’re right, the tax shift is probably 3 to 4 points of benefit in there. Certainly, we saw April volumes in excess of the 30% to 35%. So we’re trending well there. Obviously, where we’re at, we feel like we’re getting our hands around our ability to project into the future. But there’s still a little bit of uncertainty there. So we feel very confident in the guide that we gave for 2Q that we can meet or exceed that guide. And that’s how we think about the 30% to 35%.
Woody Woodall: Yes, it’s off the 2Q number from last year. As we’ve talked about, we’ve got about 3 to 4 points of benefit from that tax shift from last year. And then we’re seeing very good results into April, and we wanted to make sure we produced a guide that we could meet or exceed, Dave.
Woody Woodall: Yes. We’re certainly seeing volume growth coming back. April’s benefit was about 40% or so in terms of total transaction and volume growth that we saw, which is in excess of the 30% to 35%. The blend of that, obviously, is a little higher internationally, actually. So as you see some of the openings happening, we believe international and the U.K. will actually be an incremental benefit in Q2 compared to the U.S. But obviously, as restrictions and reopenings continue to move forward, we’re seeing very strong growth across both U.S. and international operations and expectations.
Woody Woodall: Yes. Travel overall continues to be in duress, still down around 60%. But what we are seeing is retail and restaurants, for example, opening back up. We’re seeing the yield dynamics that we talked about being a tailwind for us continuing into the second quarter and believe will be a tailwind for the full year. We anticipate volumes for the full year to be roughly high single digit to low double digit. And obviously, we’ve guided to revenue growth of mid to high teens. So you’re seeing yield dynamics that will benefit the entire year. The exit rate of plus 5% in the last week of March. The April, what we’ve seen so far, and our expectations for Q2 would be higher, obviously, than that 5% positive yield. And we think that trend will continue over the course of the year.
Woody Woodall: Yes. I think if you go back historically, you would see roughly about 3 points of benefit from revenue yield over volume historically. I think once everything normalizes out, let’s call that 2022-2023, we would anticipate to continue to see some of that traditional yield over volume dynamic continue as we continue to provide capabilities in market. If you look at e-com itself, e-com growth in the first quarter ex travel and airlines was about 45%; and inclusive of travel and air, was about 25%. So very strong growth in e-com, very good sales. I think Gary mentioned about 80 wins in the quarter. We’re seeing a lot of momentum in that area right now.
Woody Woodall: Yes. We certainly -- even thinking in Q2, you’ll see some of the U.K. reopenings benefiting that 30% to 35% growth, our expectation around international growth, which would include U.K. is higher, particularly in the second quarter. For the remainder of the year, we have forecasted some improvement in travel and airlines. But I would tell you, we still think it’s going to be diluted compared to where it was in 2019 and do not anticipate that full recovery until sometime into 2022. We lapped a good bit of travel and air this quarter. We’ll lap more of it in the second quarter. And then I actually think we’ll see it return closer to normal, but that will be probably 2022 before we get there, David.
Woody Woodall: There’s a good portion of cross-border in there, and that’s particularly where the higher yields are.
Woody Woodall: A couple of thoughts there. They have got off to a fast start program. So we saw a little bit of some second quarter activity pulled into the first quarter. We were pleased with that. Beyond that, we do anticipate second quarter to still being in the low to mid-single digits and then the remainder of the year, third and fourth quarter to pace mid-single digits or higher, David, getting us to sort of the higher end of that low to mid-single-digit guide we talked about in my prepared remarks but feel very good about acceleration into the back half of the year this year.
Woody Woodall: I think that’s right, Jason. It’s difficult to forecast volumes for the full year in the first quarter particularly in the backdrop that we’re working in. The real comment was around we believe we’ll continue to see positive revenue yield over the course of the year. And then the volumes will be what the volumes are, ultimately. But we’re certainly seeing that improvement. The revenue yield trend that was a headwind last year will be a tailwind the entire year this year and just gives us confidence in our mid- to high-teens revenue growth even this early in the year.
Woody Woodall: If you think about the incremental $200 million that we raised today, I would tell you, it does ramp over the course of the year. The in-year impact of that is probably -- our estimate is about $60 million to $75 million from revenue synergies specifically. And then obviously, we’re seeing operating performance that’s helping as well. That’s what allowed us to pull the bottom end of the range up a little higher at the top end of the range up as well to that midpoint of $100 million you described. But it will ramp over the course of the year in terms of revenue synergies, and we call it in-year contribution of $60 million to $75 million, probably towards the higher end of that.
Woody Woodall: Yes. We hadn’t closed out April from a revenue perspective here is the first of May. But I would think they’re going to continue to flow higher, obviously, than the volume profile. We’re seeing good yield dynamics over the course of April. It will flow all the way through into the second quarter where we think yield dynamics will significantly outpace volumes for the second quarter for sure. But that’s how we’ve been thinking about it. The yield dynamics continue to flow in excess and the overall volume dynamics continue to be robust through April.
Woody Woodall: Yes. I think we’re looking at double-digit yield assumption in the second quarter guide compared to volume.
Woody Woodall: No, I’d say no, not directly. We anticipated to be able to drive really good margins all the way back to the Worldpay combination inclusive of synergies and operating leverage within the business. I think that’s proving out. It’s really around getting our volumes back and continuing to execute on that long-term strategy. So we feel really good about the margin profile and our ability to continue to drive margins on a go-forward basis through operating leverage and new capabilities. So, I wouldn’t say it’s a significant change.
Bruce Lowthers: Good morning, Ashwin. When we think about the sales cycle, what I would say is that the actual sales cycle that we have is relatively consistent on the days in the sales cycle to close. What I would say has changed a little bit is that the mindset and the view of where the market’s moving towards. And so you’re seeing a lot more people pre-sales cycle kind of making those determinations on their own, and that’s really accelerating the whole process for us. And so I think you’ll continue to see this. Our pipeline is very robust around this area and look forward to continuing to see this accelerate as we move forward.
Bruce Lowthers: Yes. If I could just add on to Gary’s comment. To your -- Darrin, to your question about the investment, we have really modernized our infrastructure, our technology infrastructure. We then focused on our applications, and we’ve got a host of award-winning platforms, as Gary has talked about, MBP certainly being one of them. And now as our team kind of pivots and continues to really focus on accelerating everything that we’re doing on the business processes aspect. So when you talk about things of just code deployment, for example, Now when we deploy code, 95% of that is automated versus what it was just a couple of years ago. So the team is really focused on getting faster and accelerating that revenue as we bring clients on board.
Bruce Lowthers: Yes. This is Bruce. The team has done a phenomenal job, really kind of accelerating our sales process around that. You can see the e-com business as a whole continues to accelerate. I think when we look at this year, we see growth from our historic CAGR of our growth rate to where we’re going to be this year. So we feel that, that will contribute a little bit this year and into ‘22.
Bruce Lowthers: Yes. So a great question on the crypto. I think as we look at it, this is something that has built a lot of demand in the marketplace, and there’s a lot of interest, and our institutions are inquiring about it and how do they meet the needs of their customers. And so we feel this is a great offering in an emerging space, an emerging asset class. And we feel very good to kind of lead the market in offering this to them. I believe in Gary’s comments, we talked a little bit about on the acquiring space and our lead position there as well in -- around crypto. We have really have gotten out to a great start there and driving a lot of acceptance in crypto, and we would expect that, that will continue to drive a lot of growth for us as we move through the year.
Bruce Lowthers: Yes, Lisa, I’ll jump in here first and let the guys add in. But as we articulated at the time of the deal now going back a couple of years, geographic expansion for us was really part of our strategy. It was part of -- it’s always been part of the strategy for us to accelerate our growth rate, follow our clients around the globe, and we continue to do that and we continue to accelerate our expansion into these geomarkets. I think one of the great things the team has done is really, across our organization, working with our risk team, our legal teams. They’ve really put a playbook together of getting into these markets. And so I would expect to see us continue to move through the geographic expansion, and that will absolutely contribute to the acceleration of our growth. As I kind of just mentioned, when we look at the Merchant business, And we look at the organic growth from a historical CAGR perspective, we absolutely see our organic growth accelerating as we look into ‘21 and going into ‘22.
Bruce Lowthers: Yes. So really excited about this as we look at kind of new opportunities and kind of adjacent markets, things that we really want to expand and grow on. When I look at RealNet, I think of it more in the construct of kind of payments orchestration. So it allows us to really connect different networks, different payment rails on a global basis. And I think this is something that we’re going to be very excited. So, whether it’s connecting to central banks’ real-time payment infrastructures, from country to country to card networks, to different delivery mechanisms for payments, we feel there’s really a need there and an opportunity for us to step in and orchestrate payments in the most optimal way for our clients. And so we’re very excited about this. We think that the use cases are going to be really substantial as we move forward. And I think our team, as you know, has been involved in kind of real-time payments, certainly over the last decade. And we have a lot of expertise in here. But bringing really that concept of payments orchestration to a network of networks is really unique and an exciting opportunity for the company.
Bruce Lowthers: Yes. So the gaming space is, as you said, it’s one we’ve played in historically and done very well in. And we continue to see that opportunity in front of us is a very good opportunity. When we look at the things that we’re doing around our platform, whether it be the Access Worldpay, we feel that we’re positioned very well. What I would say is the gaming market, as everyone knows, and you alluded to in your question, it has come along slower and it is finally starting to kind of accelerate here domestically. We have a great gaming business internationally. We have a lot of assets to bear there. And so I think we’re prepared well to compete and compete very well here domestically as it starts to unfold.
Bruce Lowthers: Yes. If I can jump in there. What I would say is the merchant space, over the course of the history, has been always been a very, very competitive space. Just like our banking space, just like capital markets. So what I would say that has kind of emerged has been that pandemic has created a catalyst, if you will, an accelerant to the marketplace. And as we look at it, we look at the subsegments that have kind of emerged within the merchant vertical, and there’s people that have emerged in those subsegments and are competitive in those subsegments. We play exceptionally well in the enterprise commerce space. That’s the large-scale complex stuff that Gary talked about just a moment ago, that is a multi-country type of transactions. We’re playing exceptionally well and very, very competitive in those spaces. There are some of these subsegments that historically, we hadn’t played in that have emerged. And now we’re looking at them, and we view those as TAM expansion opportunities for us. And so we’re very excited about moving into some of these and being competitive and playing in these markets.
Bruce Lowthers: Yes. The point I would just kind of underscore there that Gary brought out is as the market continues to mature around commerce and having a broad solution set, we play very well in that space. And it’s really a strength for us. So the market is really moving towards us. And so we think there is going to be an acceleration in the sales motion there.
