Gary A. Norcross: Yes, Glenn. No, it's a great question. We typically don't disclose what our actual sales details are but our sales for the quarter were strong. The nice thing about our company is we've got a very diversified product portfolio. So where we see some maybe lumpiness in International, we see a pickup in global commercial services or if we see a slowdown in other areas. But the quarter, we had strong results. They were ahead of what they were in Q1 of last year. And so, based on the feedback that we got through our investor show and others, we feel confident about the year. I mean, the team's very focused and we're starting to see people talk a lot about coming out of this regulatory issue, this economy and how to get back to growing their financial institutions and their other businesses we serve.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, I think it's too early to say. I mean, we certainly -- as we shared in our prepared remarks, we see some positive trends around spending. I mean, certainly the increase in conference attendance, I think, is an indication that people are getting back out in the market and wanting to start understanding ways they can grow their financial institutions, and as I've said, we've got a lot of activity in the sales force.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. Nate, I'll take that one. Our international business always has a little lumpiness on the sales side. So I wouldn't read anything into it. We've got, actually, one of the largest pipelines we've had in International. We had a very strong sales quarter. The reality is, where you start seeing lumpiness is whether that's more license-oriented or more services-oriented. The first quarter, we had a lot of services-oriented business which, obviously, we get that revenue over the term of the agreement. Brazil was very strong. I mean we're continuing to see nice growth in both -- not only accounts but also transactions. We're also seeing nice growth in our EBITDA margins as we're bringing on more scale to those environments. So, yes, we're still very bullish on our international markets and we think we'll have a good year.
Gary A. Norcross: Honestly, Nate, we're not. We're actually continuing to see very good volumes in our NYCE network. We're seeing nice growth there. It's too early to tell, on the Visa pricing changes, they've just recently gone in. But as I shared earlier with those first 2 milestones, actually, we've seen no impact and that business continues to grow for us very nicely. So the team has done well executing the selling of NYCE across our financial institutions. We're seeing, just like Mike mentioned, good strong transaction growth in the first quarter across all of our Payments businesses, and of course, NYCE is going to be the recipient of that. Being a network, a lot of those transactions.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. I think we anticipate and plan for a -- it's not a huge impact for us. The tax, the R&D tax credit. But I would say, our team continues to look for other ways get benefits. So I think we're comfortable with the 34%.
Gary A. Norcross: You know, Dave, we really haven't. We watch this very closely. It's a very competitive environment out there. In the community bank markets, we continue to see the person with the most broadest comprehensive solutions, we see that as a competitive advantage. But with that being said, as you move up market, you get into more pricing compression and more competitive because more competitors start coming into the mix. So, honestly, we're not seeing any material change in that. We continue to see good growth in our sales pipeline. We're seeing good results out of our sales engine. The interactions we're having, not only with our clients, but our prospects are all positive. But at the end of the day, it's still a competitive market out there, and so we're not seeing any material change.
Gary A. Norcross: We are. Our conversations are increasing in that area as well. As we've shared on prior calls, we certainly, through this economic crisis, are now having conversations with the very large financial institutions that were different prior to the economic collapse. They were much more mono-line engaged. We were seeing -- where they would do a lot of their services in-house. And so as the result of that, we've seen a very nice increase in our professional services business through the LFI base. And we're also seeing our conversations broadened with regards to the type of solutions we're targeting. So we're very positive on what's going on in the LFI. I think we've shared before, we've got a dedicated team in that market, which has helped a lot. Capco has helped a lot as they come in and they're opening a lot of doors. So those moves, the move of Capco, the move of a dedicated sales force, the economic impact to the LFI's, conversations have definitely changed. And I think you're seeing it in the last several quarters in how much our professional services business has been growing and you'll see it in the future in our other sales as well.
Gary A. Norcross: Sure. I'll be happy to do that, Brett. I mean, we've always taken security at FIS very seriously. As you know, we're regulated by the same government bodies that regulate financial institutions. Our review cycle is every 2 years. But in the interim year, they'll have an interim review. And so, based on the Sunrise management, we had 2 different third parties come in and review our whole enterprise. Because frankly, as being the largest FinTech provider we felt, if we could be exposed, honestly anybody could be. And so we realized the significance of this as an industry issue. We realized that we're helping our clients each and every day deal with these situations. So we wanted to bring in 2 comprehensive third-party reviews. We did that. As we've shared with you, we're implementing a lot of changes. We think they're all very positive. Some of them around staffing, some of them are around architecture. These are things that you're going to have to have ongoing. As we came through our interim review cycle, the regulatory body agreed that we need to make some changes. They decided to communicate that that to our clients. We've been in, really, constant communication with our clients on this topic. We're very proactive, we've been very transparent about all these issues. The conversations have been very positive. Our clients appreciate all we're doing and they realize the severity of what's going on in the industry and they appreciate us stepping up and taking care of these things. So we're continuing to work with the regulatory body as we always have and we are going to continue to implement our plans as we discussed at Investor Day and earlier.
Gary A. Norcross: No, as a mentioned earlier, we have. The sales team has just done an excellent job promoting our NYCE network. Not only across our client base but across other financial institutions that we don't have a major core, a major debit engagement with. And so, we have had some nice wins, and we continue to see good growth out of that business. We're also excited about some of the innovation that we're doing in that group as well, that we talked a little bit about at Investor Day, and there'll be more things coming. So all in all, we feel great about that business.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, Greg it's a good question. We've always had some sizable institutions, especially on our debit card business, and we continue to sell very effectively in that market. Our credit card business, we've got a number of large institutions. We are not seeing as much movement on credit card. Frankly, that's a pretty stable market. The clients we have, we're seeing growth on and so that business had a good year last year and we expect it to have a good year this year. But we absolutely believe we have a very, very competitive footprint in credit on the card side. So as we move, if and when that market starts evaluating alternatives, we'll certainly be positioned to take advantage of that. Of course, that has done very well in our international markets, as highlighted by the Brazil joint venture and some of the other announcements we made. Debit, as I said, we've always been strong in the, what we would consider larger institutions, and we continued to compete and win business there. Our prepaid business, also, we can't lose sight of that. We've got a nice balance of prepaid and we really have 2 platforms. We have a platform that's focused on community institutions and a platform that's really focused on very, very large issuers, and we have a huge position in that space. So across the board, the sales team, we think, continues to do a good job maximizing those opportunities.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, Roman, this is Gary. I'll start and then I'm sure the other guys will want to chime in. But at the end of the day, what's nice about our transition to a more product-focused acquisition is the business lines are now reaching out and driving through their strategy a lot of these opportunities. But as we mentioned earlier, risk, fraud and compliance is a very, very exciting area. You've already seen us do 2 here. When you start thinking about some of the innovation that's going on around payments, innovation that's going on around mobile. There's some exciting concepts around that. So it's really based on our client demand. So as we talked about, when we were at our last conference, one of the great things is really getting that feedback from our clients. And we want these product acquisitions to not only be geared towards where our business lines want to see the strengths go. But also where our clients want us to take them and so it's a real nice mix across risk, across payments, across delivery. We've got some opportunities that we think would help to grow some of our international businesses along those lines.
Gary A. Norcross: No, I was dealing, specifically, on credit card new sales. I thought that was the question. Obviously, there's a lot of strong demand around some of the credit offerings on lending, consumer, commercial, especially small business. Seeing a lot of activity in that area. So I was addressing the comment strictly towards credit card sales in the large bank market and we haven't seen much movement in that area in recent years, where people are moving from one solution to another. But we do have a very, very competitive platform for credit card processing and actually have some large institutions.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, as I mentioned -- I mean, the pipeline is very strong. We had a good quarter. As I said, it's always hard to predict because we have a higher percentage in international license fees, more software sales. So that's what gets some of the lumpiness in the quarters. But we had a good strong quarter in sales, we've got a good strong pipeline, we feel good about our double-digit growth going into the year. And so we feel good about it.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, at this point in time, we haven't seen any change in that. I mean, as far as the cost, we had it build into our guidance for the full year. We've talked about that. We think you're going to have to have an ongoing diligence to these type of issues going forward. But as we mentioned, we had a very large conference last week. We had a lot of prospects there, the engagement was very, very strong. And so, as I said, the pipeline indicators, the sales results for Q1, we're confident in the year.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. Now, that's exactly what we're doing, I mean, as I've said we've had great growth in that business over the last year. And we're doing a lot of bundling today. I mean we bundled it with our debit offerings, we've bundled it with our core offerings. We're doing some innovation, ourself, across that, that we are talking to clients about. And so as I've said, we've monitored it very close, because I think this question has come up on a number of calls. And as you would expect, we don't know what the impact of some of these things are going to be. You just have to monitor it. But so far, we've actually seen no impact through this process. And at the end of the day, it still comes back to offering the most comprehensive solution you can in the market. And those things work to our advantage given the fact that we have that.
Gary A. Norcross: No, we have a good solid pipeline across all of our markets. I would tell you we're seeing backdoor outsourcing. We're seeing stronger demand in global commercial services than what we've seen in the past. Once again, I think that's just our ability to leverage our scale on an outsourcing basis. So that's all positive. Our focus with Capco, in the LFI space, is starting to produce results as well. That's driving more services businesses and that will truly trend, over time, to more outsourcing as well. So we feel good about all the segments. The companies have come together very cleanly. We've got a very focused sales engine and the moves we feel we've made in the last year are starting to pay benefits across all of those segments.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, I mean, if you break it up, in kind of the things we talked about, professional services continues to be very strong. We like that as an indicator, that banks are spending discretionary dollars. Again, when the market went down and went down fast, professional services went away quickly. So we've continued to see strength in that, which is an indication that banks are looking forward, doing projects, spending money. Payments, as you can see, strong, pretty good organic -- adjust for organic growth if you strip out the paper, north of 4%, which is pretty strong compared to last few quarters, and importantly the profits there. So we think that's volumes coming back. And then, again, Europe for us has continued to do quite well. Again, in a market that the economy and the banks are challenged but we think that's forcing change and forcing spending with companies like us. So I think it's probably the same message we've had in the last couple of years, steady incremental improvement. We don't expect it to take a big jump at any point, but we're encouraged that it continues to move forward.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. To build on that, Kart -- I mean, if you look at our sales success throughout 2011, obviously, we've had good steady execution from our business lines implementing those sales. Obviously, more outsourcing engagements take time, right? To go through the implementation and so there's a lag effect that these sales come online, and so we continue to see good movement in our sales engine. And as Mike said, the services engine and all that continues to positive, good steady growth.
Gary A. Norcross: No, not At all. We're seeing strong demand across all of our markets in the U.S., around mobile, around -- which we have a full solution set around mobile, not only payments but also mobile banking. We're seeing strong demand around some of the innovative products around payment wallets, etc., and all of those things we're well positioned on. So the community markets are starting. As we've shared in the past, there were 2 -- really, 2 types of institutions. There were institutions that were hanging on and there were institutions that had worked through, either their regulatory challenges and/or their economic challenges, and they were looking to spend. And naturally, they're looking at some of the new innovation coming online to help them compete. So you just got there a small institution that doesn't eliminate their need to compete with the large institutions, and so we're seeing good demand there.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. And the labor rules, in Brazil, take typically about 3 years to work through. So it's a fairly long process in Brazil, and as Mike said, we're just working through that as a normal course.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, Dan, we look at international holistically, including Capco. And consulting is growing very nicely in the European market. But our overall business on software and services is growing very nicely as well. Well, frankly, what gives us confidence is looking at the joined pipeline of both and we're seeing a strong demand and we've got -- we're having a lot of strong sales conversations today, across both, not only consulting but also Professional Services as Mike mentioned, as also software sales as indicated by the TouchPoint success in Thailand this quarter. So it's really just looking at the pipeline, looking how the sales teams are executing across the board, looking at our volumes growth. It actually is positive that we're seeing more swing towards more outsourcing and more services because that does give a much more stable base and easier to predict. But as you can see in that business -- I mean if a license fee slides from one quarter to the next, I mean, it can provide a lumpiness. So we're very confident in our double-digit growth for international and that's all based on the combined pipelines of all of our businesses.
Gary A. Norcross: No, not all. We're having some very, very broad discussions with a lot of our clients, very holistically, on how to materially transform these institutions and allowed them to be on a much more competitive basis. And I would tell you, those conversations have been very strong. As you would expect, these are big complex deals. And so we continue to work through them but the level of conversation we're having is exactly what we expected. We have had some success, as well, along those lines. And so we believe that the fundamental reason why we bought Capco still exists today, to drive broader conversations within the LFI market space, in both Europe and North America, and so we feel confident about that.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, I mean, as we shared at Investor Day, we took some strong initiatives to address our cost, third and fourth quarter. We're seeing the results of that. We're also seeing good strong transaction volumes as well and you're seeing the leverage that comes out of a business like that. And so we're very confident in the Payments business. We're very pleased with the leadership we have there and what the results of that business is showing. We don't believe that the transaction volumes that you're seeing is going to require us to put those costs back in. I think it was a more -- we just made some changes to more effectively optimize those businesses. And so it just shows, not only the leverage of our operating model, which we talked about at Investor Day, but also the leverage of our revenue model as additional growth comes on.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, Bryan, it's a good question. We're actually, once again, it sounds like a broken record. But we're kind of seeing it across all segments. We're having good growth in professional services, which is really hitting our financial institution business there. We're also seeing nice processing wins all throughout last year, so we're seeing on-boarding there. We're seeing global commercial services, which rolls into that business. We've seen some very nice uptick, IT outsourcing for a number of existing customers and expansion of those responsibilities and then the final area is we're seeing Capco come through their grow-over with their loss of that significant client. So really, all 3 of those areas are working very well to help with the revenue. Based on what we see in our pipeline, based on the activities, we feel good about that business going forward or that segment going forward.
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I mean, first, I'd say we're very pleased with the number. Obviously, it's a good start to the year. It is -- for the full year, we're still very comfortable with the expectations we set. The first year -- or the first quarter, year-over-year, obviously had -- that comp from last year, had Sunrise in it. So if you normalize out Sunrise, we're in the band with that, that you'd expect for the full year. Now again, when we give expectations, we didn't strip Sunrise out. But I think on a quarter-to-quarter, it's a little bit more impact. Full year, again, we're pleased with the start. We're particularly pleased -- we had a very strong quarter in Payments, the work that Gary's team has done to really drive the cost and then you have a business like that which has so much leverage and the volumes come back. They drop right to the bottom line, so we're encouraged by that start.
Michael D. Hayford: They have both closed. We did not share the revenue expectation. And I think, again, on those deals, you can see the magnitude. $40 million in purchase price, they're smaller deals. They're specifically focused on targets, on -- sorry, private companies that have -- they're in areas where we expect to see a fair amount growth. You can see risk and compliance, as Gary talked about, is a fairly hot area for the marketplace. And the team there has built a nice strategy, they've identified a comprehensive solution and these are 2 things they wanted to go fill in, fill out that product suite. So, the goal is to get them, the relative early stage, and then to grow them aggressively using our distribution.
Michael D. Hayford: The only thing we called out is the cash payment to our JV partner in Brazil which, obviously, [ph] cash flow. But other than that -- again, I referenced that first quarter was a really strong, clean financial result. There wasn't anything unique or onetime nature in there. A real strong performance in Payments, so we're encouraged by that as we head in the second quarter, but there's nothing in the second quarter, particularly year-over-year, that would be of a nature to call out.
Michael D. Hayford: Yes. I mean we, I think, are fairly bullish on Europe. Notwithstanding the challenges that the economies have, as well as the FIs. We've seen the discretionary spend, particularly around Capco, continue to be very strong. So we look at that when institutions are spending on Professional Services, that's an indication that they are using discretionary dollars. Those are typically the first things they cut back on and we've, as we referenced, had a very strong quarter in that area. But we would agree with that sentiment. As the European banks continue to have pressure and financial pressures and have to look at ways to cut costs and do things differently, that they would be more open to outsourcing, more open to using a leverage model. We've seen that, in our FIS and Capco teams, working jointly over in Europe, sourcing a lot of opportunities. We haven't seen a lot of -- we've got a couple of relationships over there, that we've had, that are outsourced. I'd say the pipeline and activity is very active, we'd like to see some of those hit. But we think those institutions have to consider -- reconsider their model, look more out externally and look at a leveraged provider like FIS.
Michael D. Hayford: I think the reality is the institutions, they have to ask questions, they have to follow up as part of their vendor management plan. They are doing that. Our teams have to be more active communicating, as Frank and Gary have both talked about, we're out -- very transparent, proactive with them on the issue and then more importantly, what we're doing. It's good and bad. It's a lot of work, a lot more communication that we have to do, the sales teams have to work a lot harder. The good thing is we get in front those clients, in front of the executives, more frequently than we otherwise would. And as Gary mentioned, those conversations, we spend a portion of the conversation explaining what we're doing. And then you spend a portion of the conversation talking about what else we can do for you. But it is, it's more work, it's hard work and we got to keep hammering through that, throughout the year.
Michael D. Hayford: No. I mean it's, we were just slightly over 5, our range is 3 to 5. We had a great start to the year. I mean we'll see how we do second, third quarter, but it's early in the year. Again, we're very excited about the strong start, as you referenced, both revenue and earnings. We'd rather start this way, obviously, than be having the other discussion. But it's a great start, it's in the bandwidth we expect.
Michael D. Hayford: Yes, I mean, it's 2 things. One was refinancing costs where we issued the bonds, the $700 million of 5% bonds. And then we re-did our bank facility, our TLA and our revolver, and that's just financing debt -- or financing costs.
Michael D. Hayford: That was -- first, second quarter last year, they had the revenue, so it started hitting in the third quarter. Right now, it's kind of the peak of where they had strong numbers last year, that we're hitting, and they're doing a nice job.
Michael D. Hayford: Yes. That's the Brazilian BPO, we call it, or Brazilian item processing, and actually, kind of back office lock box down in Brazil. That business is effectively shut down. We're working through labor claims down there, so it's employee claims that are just -- what's driving the cost. But the business itself, we divested some, the clients took pieces back in-house and then we shut others down. But the business operations are effectively shut down. We're simply dealing with claims out of labor disputes.
Michael D. Hayford: I think, Dan, you kind just in the see the numbers, in terms of the overall revenue growth versus the earnings, just on a dollar. So you can -- I mean, the simple lever is those businesses have a high degree of leverage and so that incremental dollar revenue coming on, obviously, comes on a good margin. And so the paper revenues going away, as you can see. And the team has done a phenomenal job of managing profitability in the paper business, even as some of that revenues decline. But then as electronic transactions are coming on board, that is driving very high margin for us. So it's electronics business coming on board with the cost management driving very good profit.
Michael D. Hayford: Bryan, I think we talked about this in the third and fourth quarter calls. The third and fourth quarter had very challenging grow-overs, license businesses, license deals that we had in '10 that didn't materialize in '11. Big license deals. And so I think, even on third quarter and fourth quarter, when the growth wasn't as strong as we'd like to see, we talked about not being concerned but that was more of a grow-over challenge and then you can see that bouncing back in first quarter. So again, we're pleased with the start to the year of, really across the board.
Michael D. Hayford: In first quarter, you're talking about? I mean the grow-over -- third and fourth quarter was a challenge in the license we that had, which took the growth down. First quarter, Professional Services was 11% growth year-over-year. I don't think first quarter license was materially different than last year. But again, it was more that third and fourth quarter had that drop on license versus '10. That's made those growth numbers lower.
Frank R. Martire: Nate, the other think you see -- Brazil, agreements are strong, capital in Europe is very strong. But we had a very strong fourth quarter in International and sometimes you'll see that, where people will flush out their budgets at the end of the year and then start in the next year it's a little slower. So like, again, I think to Gary's point, to the full year we still are very confident of that business. The first quarter -- with the strong fourth quarter not necessarily unexpected.
Frank R. Martire: We just finished a client conference and we spent a lot of time with over 1,000 clients. I mean, we talked to them on this subject and all. And they just feel really good about the communication we've had with them, the progress we're making, the working relationship we have with them. And so that's going very, very well. And we have another client conference coming up soon and we expect the same results out of that.
Frank R. Martire: So, Roman, as we look at it, we just step back, we listen carefully to our clients. So we may decide to build it, put a lot into investment, as you know, for the future, for the clients. Or if in fact, the right thing is to acquire it, that's what we'll do. But it's always by listening to what the client's needs are.
Frank R. Martire: Yes, we strongly believe that's the case and what makes us feel good, is we're well positioned for it, as Mike just talked about. Both for our current offerings and with the addition of Capco and the capabilities they have.
Frank R. Martire: We're very pleased at the strength on the capital front, both on the European side and North America.
Frank R. Martire: Well, we actually don't know. I mean, you'd have to ask the regulatory agencies around who they actually sent it to. We believe most of our clients got it. We have not been contacted by all of our clients. We've proactively sent out letters to our clients talking about this. Based on the interaction we have, we can't confirm that every single client we have has actually received a letter. And certainly, we don't know if all FIs have received that letter.
Frank R. Martire: Well, I would actually say, no. It's probably slightly different. Again, to put it in context, that we had a breach a little over year ago. We discussed our breach, we've notified all the clients impacted, we were the only ones who had a financial loss. We talked about it on our call. And as Gary said, then we took numerous steps. Because, as good as you think you are in security, once you have a breach, you realize you have to get better. So we hired 2 different outside firms, we spent money and focus on improving security throughout 2011. The regulators came in as part of the normal process to come in and do an interim review in the fall of last year. That referenced us to something they had recommended we do organizationally. We have looked at that, we have done that. But the reference to -- we'd like you to have -- it was a really reporting on the tech service side, so they had suggested we do. And again, we've complied with that at this point. We haven't done it in October because we've been very focused on addressing and improving security up to that point.
Frank R. Martire: And, Dan, that's working for us. And I think as we look at Capco, we look at it twofold. One is, the visibility and exposure, gets us at very senior levels and to all institutions globally, in conjunction with FIS. And secondly, don't forget Capco has its own independent plans and what it's doing as a business, that we're very pleased with, as we're going forward. So, on both fronts, we're feeling good about it.
