Woody Woodall: Thanks, Gary. I'd also like to express my enthusiasm for closing the transaction and my sincere thanks to our teams for making this a success. We have been hard at work since the transaction announcement to provide the investment community with a complete package of information today in order to paint a clear picture of how we see FIS going forward.This includes presenting both companies outstanding second quarter results as well as quarterly historical pro forma combined financials combined company guidance for the rest of the year plus initial thoughts for 2020. It's been a heavy lift, but our teams have done a great job.Turning to FIS' consolidated results on slide 4. In the second quarter, revenue increased 5% on an organic basis. Our EBITDA margins expanded 170 basis points to 37.6% and adjusted EPS grew 9% to $1.78 per share. Our top line growth continues the acceleration we saw in the first quarter and reflects the strong sales momentum that Gary mentioned.Our healthy margin expansion was enhanced by our data center consolidation program and the ongoing benefits of prior-year divestitures. We are very pleased with the first half of the year, and we are excited for the future of FIS.Moving to slide 5. Our IFS segment continues to accelerate and increased 6% on an organic basis as EBITDA margins expanded by 150 basis points. IFS' strong top line performance was broad-based and our banking and wealth famous and corporate and digital businesses each grew 6% during the quarter.GFS also had a very strong quarter with organic revenue growth accelerating to 4% and EBITDA margins expanding by 120 basis points.Within the GFS division, our institutional and wholesale business returned to growth, increasing by 3% on an organic basis. We anticipate this business will continue to experience improving trends, in the second half of the year.It was another impressive quarter for Worldpay, as you can see on slide 6. Revenue increased 9%, when excluding crypto and foreign currency headwinds. Adjusted EBITDA margin expanded by 330 basis points. And adjusted EPS increased by 19% to $1.24 per share.Fueling Worldpay's strong top line its technology solutions statement secular upper teen's growth, increasing by 19%, when excluding crypto and foreign currency headwinds. The Merchant Solutions and issuer solutions segments, each grew 2% on a constant currency basis, in line with the expectations.Worldpay achieved $50 million in cost synergies during the quarter, and completed its U.S. platform migration, keeping it on track to successfully complete, its $250 million annualized cost synergy program, by the end of the year. These results reflect continued strong business momentum, providing a solid base to begin the second half of the year.I'll now turn the call back over to Gary, to discuss our go-forward operating model, beginning on slide 7.
Woody Woodall: I think what we've really clarified today, was that instead of a diluted deal in 2020, we're looking at an accretive deal in 2020. Hadn't really updated as far as where we're at on 2021. But certainly pleased with progress to date, and certainly pleased to being able to accelerate the revenue synergies earlier.
Woody Woodall: Yeah. If we go back to the announcement day deck, I think, you looked at we describe 2022 or post synergy number of $4 billion to $4.5 billion, and are still looking at that number in the out year Dave.
Woody Woodall: Yeah. Absolutely, Dave well maybe if you look we are now had six quarters of consecutive strong sales, obviously very strong sales, this past quarter. Pipeline looks really good. So, we're really pleased with all the investments we've made on modernization.All of the work that we've done around, data center consolidation. We've talked about new availability limits that we're bringing to market, our mass enablement programs. All of those are really pushing the former FIS into mid-single digits. And we feel very confident that's going to continue across that base.
Woody Woodall: Yeah, Ashwin thanks. I think the team did a great job in pulling the pro forma combined historical information. If you look at the data in the earnings release today, you can see it all the way back by quarter back to Q1 2018, which I think can help you with there. We're going to continue to have new segments around merchant, banking and capital markets. That will be the external disclosure, if you will.We'll continue to provide some color in the commentary around technology solutions, the Merchant Solutions and what's going on both globally and domestically within banking. But probably we won’t externally disclose at that level of granular detail, but we'll continue to provide transparent information to the market on our results and what's driving those results.
Woody Woodall: That's right. I'll start with the fourth quarter first. It's about a 6% organic grower in the fourth quarter as you get all three months of Worldpay and get a more consistent point of view on the numbers flowing through. Third quarter is a little lower than that. Really you're getting two months instead of three months of Worldpay's higher growth as a contribution there. We've got a difficult comp from last year. That was our high watermark last year in terms of growth with the third quarter. And we got a little bit of accounting conformity in both the third and the fourth quarter, but impact in Q3 a little heavier. So that's what you're looking at there. Yes, you pull all that that, you're looking at more like a 5% grower in Q3 really driven by some of those points I just mentioned.
Woody Woodall: No. Not one-time. Very strong synergy attainment. They looked to $50 million in quarter still on track for the $250 million for the full year and drove it just like we thought we would.
Woody Woodall: It's executing very well. And our expectations, is really to continue to execute in line with what's been described in the market.
Woody Woodall: We saw a really good growth in both components there, with e-commerce probably a little higher than the 19% that we saw, and IP a little lower blending to the 19%. But that was in line with expectations and where things are going. If you look at some of the regulatory changes that are coming on board, we think some of our low fraud rates can actually drive the exemptions and drive some wallet share opportunity in some of those areas to reduce friction with that deal authentication that's coming down the line.
Woody Woodall: That's exactly right. We're seeing some accelerated growth. Some of that is just good execution by Martin and the team, but we also are facing a little easier comps in the back half of 2019 within capital markets. You're exactly right.
Woody Woodall: Yeah I think, what we actually described is more of that revenue benefiting 2020, from a growth perspective. Year-over-year, we're certainly seeing the cross-sell right now. And we are excited about it. But more of that revenue growth is in 2020, as those convert.
Woody Woodall: Yes. On the loyalty side I think you are going to see that in the short-term and in the longer-term as well as we take that capability and push it through the existing distribution channel.
Woody Woodall: That was already growing for FIS on a stand-alone basis so that will continue. We can accelerate that with Worldpay's distribution. And in longer-term we can build it into the e-commerce platform and drive incremental differentiation there. So that's the biggest component there. On the fraud side, it's really more incremental we have more data sets to work through -- more data sets to drive through our processes. Those are the two biggest components from additional color standpoint. We will see some level of revenue synergy more in fourth quarter starting to come online, but it's pretty minimal in terms of its end-year contribution for 2019 more of that coming in 2020.
Woody Woodall: Yes. No, Ramsay. We think there could be a real opportunity there. Obviously, when you start talking about long-term combination of the company and some opportunities that might exist that's one of them that we're looking at, but we're not really prepared to talk about that today.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. I think you're right. We're looking at the merchant to be in kind of a high-single, low-double-digit growth rate over the next few years. We are looking at banking in the mid-single-digits and capital markets to be in the lower-single-digits. I think we'll see revenue synergies in both banking and in the merchant business, driving higher growth over the next few years. But we're very pleased with the acceleration we've seen in both businesses and the momentum, both businesses have going into 2020.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. It's a good question. We're certainly seeing the investments that we've been making, paying off into sales, sales turning into revenue now. We've talked about that for the last few quarters.If we were on a stand-alone basis, we would be raising our standalone guide to more like a 5% number right now for the consolidated FIS standalone Dave.
Gary Norcross: I think Dave when we start pulling the teams together. And we started working on. One we start to working on the various tracks, whether the business lines got together. And start working on the revenue opportunities. And what we saw is the potential new product deployments across the various client bases.And even when we saw the across on the operating side as well, we just started building a lot of confidence in our ground up planning. When we come into announcement, we've done top-down due diligence, based on experience, and based on what we saw during due diligence, we come into a synergy number.And that always gives us high confidence. I mean, we always have a -- we're always very good at exceeding those expectations. But then as you build ground up, you really start gaining confidence on how you're thinking about what products, where the market opportunities are, what the cross-sell is, what's the total addressable market to address against that and all of that’s driven us a lot of confidence going into next year and delivering the revenue earlier than what we thought. We've also had great feedback from our clients both from the Worldpay and on the FIS side our clients have been reaching out to us. They're excited about what this combination can mean for them. So all of those things come into play with why we're confident in the revenue synergies going forward.
Gary Norcross: I think, the short-term what we're going to see Jim is -- as Woody discussed in his prepared remarks, it's really our existing capabilities or Worldpay's existing capabilities and our ability to deliver that across our new combined client base. So early on, obviously, we'll be focusing on debit routing initiatives. We talked a lot about that on the launch. We think there is some real opportunity to be gained there.When you start thinking about the data and analytics that Worldpay can do around merchants and merchants portfolios to provide that access into that information to merchants, we were really nascent in that space over our merchant portfolio so a real opportunity going that way. You see other areas where -- as you think about cross-selling other capabilities on both sides that will also step-up. Longer term, we'll start seeing more pick-up of merchant referral programs. We're going to start seeing more pick-up of using our loyalty as a currency that we've talked about in the past to being able to deploy across that base. So we got really good line of sight into the revenue synergy opportunities.The sales teams now post close are coming together and really building out all their go-to-market plans. Marketing has done a great job in letting them hit the ground running with launch materials on what we're going to be selling in those bases. So all of that's triggering a good strong insight into our revenues on.
Gary Norcross: You know, Jim it's a good question. I mean everybody watches as interest rates go up and go down, what does this means for financial institutions. And clearly as you're looking at interest rates being lowered, especially, on a number of our customers that were directly hit their net interest margin and therefore hit their income. But what we're seeing honestly is what's going on in the industry I think a lot of financial institutions and we've talked about this on prior calls they really held on too long to their historical legacy technologies. And I think they're really in a mode now where they have to invest. And so what -- we've seen six consecutive quarters of very strong sales. We have a very full pipeline going in the back half of the year, across all of our businesses both banking and capital markets and Merchant Solutions.So, all of those things make us bullish and confident on the future. I don't think that banks are going to be able to pull back their spend in the short-term, because at this point in time, they have to move to the next-generation platforms. They have to move to the cloud. They have to move the digital enablement in order to survive. And FIS is very well-positioned to capture those revenue opportunities as people are making next-generation decisions and really pushing in that direction.
Gary Norcross: Well, why don't I start Ashwin, and I'll let Woody chime in. I mean honestly when you look at the operating synergies, the team just did an outstanding job refinancing Worldpay's debt, I mean really generating over $100 million of savings there. So that's where obviously we needed to increase our $400 million target on that number going forward.Obviously we got very high confidence in the operating synergies. As you know, we've historically exceeded those -- exceeded our synergy expectations by more than 30%.As you look at our revenue side, we're increasing the rate at which our revenue is on-boarding. We've now extended beyond $500 million. I think, we've just to my points earlier, really are getting clearer line of sight of, how those revenues are going to come on board.So, Woody talked about it, but I can't trivialize how hard the teams had worked between signing and close. If you look at all of the prepared information you do a combined call like this, is not nothing short of amazing.But also, all of the business owners have really been doing deep dives, week in and week out, building those plans around, where we're going to tackle the expense side, and the revenue side. So that's all. Well that's really what's been the big change, since our last public conversation about those topics.So high confidence on the $500 million, we see that revenue coming in earlier than what we originally expected, which is great. That will actually smooth that curve out some, over the next three years.When you look at the operating expense, frankly we want to make sure that everybody saw the interest savings that we did here. And stay committed to the original guide on our OpEx. So that's when we raised that overall expense savings number.But we're very pleased, at where we are at this point in time. The cultures of the companies have come together very well. I commented the landing of the leadership team from Worldpay, in key positions and FIS was very important to me personally. So, all of that just gives us a lot of confidence, as we go in to the back half of the year, and into 2020.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. You know, Dan, it’s early. I've been -- as you would expect, I've already met with several of the largest Worldpay clients since close. So we've been really busy and engaged with that, in those areas. Frankly, not seeing any concerns at this point in time. Frankly, when we look at the trends, they are very consistent across the board. We've modeled, continued slowing in the U.K. due to Brexit. Obviously, we're not expecting any turnaround there. But our e-commerce volumes seem like they're performing well. Our same-store sales are growing well. And so, all of those things would indicate, we're pretty pleased with what we're seeing. And that we feel very confident in the forecast.
Gary Norcross: Yes, Dan. Also they are completely done with the U.S. consolidation movement which is really positive. So just as we thought and we talked about in the announcement day, we felt very confident that normally, the NAP program over in the UK was going very well. We also felt very confident in the U.S. and that U.S. platform has been consolidated now so that's behind us.
Gary Norcross: Well, right now, I'm not seeing -- I mean, it's a great question, Lisa. Right now, I'm not seeing any red flags. But with that being said where I always spend most of my time in these very early days post close is with employees and clients. You know, I've already been out on day of close I met with two of the largest clients in Worldpay's portfolio. Right after this call, I'm on my way to London. We've already been in front of -- on a global town hall our employees because you want to make sure that everybody stays focused on our commitments and that's something that hit very strong, focus on our clients make sure that we meet the expectations in the market.And then frankly focus on sales. We just don't want anybody to get distracted. So early on I’m focused there. I also spent a lot of time making sure that the cultures blend together. I'll talk about that in a minute -- earlier on the earlier call. You know these cultures are very aligned which is great. But we will find subtle differences and it's important to get those identified and get those perceived barriers or cultural barriers eliminated so everybody can come together as a team.Landing the leadership team as I talked about was very important. So I feel great that we were able to do that between signing and close. So we've brought a lot of talent into FIS because of that. But right now in the early days that's where I'm focused. Obviously that will shift very quickly to -- we are pivoting the growth here and so we're going to have to shift very quickly in the next few weeks and really start focusing on go-to-market prospects and I'll make sure that I'm getting engaged there as well. But Marc's doing of excellent job. He's been with Worldpay for years. He really understands the business, and obviously he's hitting the ground running, so -- but that's really where I'm focused on right now.
Gary Norcross: Well, you're going to see it through the revenue growth line. Obviously you're going to see our organic growth rate accelerate as we talked about to approximately 7% next year. You're going to see it move beyond that to 8% and 9% in the years out.What we're doing and we've already been doing it, we've got our teams together. Our banking teams and our capital markets teams, sales teams and go-to-market teams together with our Worldpay teams, we've got -- in certain markets where we have huge presence whether it's India, whether it's Brazil or whether it's Australia we're getting those teams together.One of the things that's different about us is we're really a global company, but we have a local presence, which is very important, and us being able to leverage that local presence to make those introductions and accelerate change business for e-com penetration in those markets is going to be very important. So, we are well down the path of those conversations today.Obviously, we're also doing steps to augment the product. We want to increase those authorization rates. We want to decrease those fraud rates. Really, we're already separate and apart with regards to e-commerce when you think about where the authorization rates are today. But how do we raise that 200 basis points, 300 basis points and really further distance us.So, those two things will really help us accelerate into those new markets and we're pretty excited about it. I think we'll have some really good traction. While we said that's going to be later in the process, I think we'll have some -- we have potentially some good early wins here in the next 12 to 18 months.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. Well, I think it's a great question. I saw the Nets announcement today. It looks like a good acquisition by MasterCard. A lot of people are focused on where faster payments is going, how money movement's going to occur. We talk about it a lot. It's been a huge area of focus for us. We actually got into real-time payments now a little over four years ago with our clear to pay acquisition. That's gone very well. We're now in more than 20 countries running their real-time payment platforms today form on an FIS software.When you look at what the Fed announced, it didn't surprise me. It's logical that the Fed would also look to accelerate what they're doing in real-time payments. What I would tell you is all those things create opportunities for FIS. So, as money moves across the various channels, what's important to us is to make sure that we have the full breadth of capability to capture those payments as they move across various verticals.So, as real-time payments accelerate, we're very well-positioned to capture that volume. As e-commerce accelerates, we're very well-positioned to capture those volumes. So, we talked a lot about the breadth on a global basis, across merchant, across banking, across capital markets.The other thing we have to realize is there is, a breadth across our asset portfolio that really allows us to not be disintermediated as these new technologies roll on.So, all of these announcements or just will long-term be positive. Thanks for FIS, as more and more money moves to various channels, so we can absolutely capture that and drive our revenue stream.
Gary Norcross: So we think it's accretive on a full year basis, in 2020. And really to kind of get your base, we use some assumptions and projections that are disclosing our joint merger proxy, that show what our expectations were on a stand-alone FIS basis. That's a $6.16 number for 2020, so that's kind of the market we are talking about.
Gary Norcross: You know it's too early, Jason to really talk about that at this point in time. I think Woody gave some insight, into how we see the $400 million spreading. As we dig into these situations, we're very confident on the $400 million.We think -- at FIS we're looking across the full enterprise to make sure that we're taking advantage. And getting the maximum leverage we have out of these combinations without damaging the business.Obviously, we want the -- we've said, this a number of times, this is about pivoting to growth, accelerating our growth, in the upper-single digits and hopefully higher in the long-term.So, but we feel very good that a lot of those synergies will come out on the technology and business side. But also the corporate side of FIS. But as we build into more of that, it's early.One of the things that we've always taken great pride in is being very transparent, on where we are on synergies, throughout the process. So, as we get, several quarters into this, we'll start giving more insight into where the majority of the synergies, we see are coming from or where we might see upside in any of those three areas.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. We've been thinking about technology solutions in line with mid to high-teens growth rate, that's been outlined for a number of quarters.
Gary Norcross: And if you look, and look that, Shane and his team had another great quarter of cross-sells. We talked about in the prepared remarks. I mean that really gives us strong confidence that he's going to continue, he and his team are going to continue to execute. And based on what we're seeing in volumes and everything there is just -- there's no indication that it should come off that guide.
Gary Norcross: I appreciate the question, Brett. As you know when we announced that that was a very long-term project -- program build. It is going very well. I would say we're in mid innings to late innings. So we continue to -- the response has been terrific in market. We've actually made some announcements of key wins with some really early- stage innovators. We have now one in production on that platform. The product continues to be being built out on a modular basis. Obviously, we're doing it in a very agile nimble way launching from the ground up in the cloud. We're going to have some really nice announcements on that platform in the coming quarters. And we feel very good about that program.
Gary Norcross: Well -- it's a great question, Brett. I'd tell you -- Ido Gileadi, our Global CIO and his team have just done a phenomenal job with data center consolidation. We have over 80% of our digital applications now in the private cloud. We've launched -- we've announced publicly to our clients availability of less -- guaranteed of less than 15 minutes now which the industry is at 24 in some instances 48 hours. So it's really, really going well. And so naturally as we put these two technology groups together that comes under common ownership within FIS, and naturally those data centers will become part of the overall consolidation plan in the future.So we feel very confident. We've got a great team geared up. We're well -- we're three years into this program. You're seeing the benefits drop to our bottom-line. And we'll just keep the team now churning as we bring these groups together. So we have very high confidence on execution. We have very high confidence in taking advantage of the next-generation technologies and it will be a key contributor to our synergy saves.
Gary Norcross: Well, let me first start with the integrated side. Honestly, it still continues to be strong. We continued to win new business. We actually think there is increased opportunity with the combination just given our size and sales scale and reach. So we're very excited about integrated and how that business performs. We've talked a number of times on the call. Shane's really very strong on the overall e-commerce site.So we don't see any issues. Frankly, as you talked about changes, typically changes are -- is the benefactor, so I mean it's the same way Worldpay as we talked. What's interesting about the business is, when we see any kind of regulatory change or any kind of change whatsoever, we typically see that converting to a tailwind for FIS. And so, we are confident that our growth rates are going to continue to be strong.
Gary Norcross: Sales continues to be strong in that area, George. I mean when you look at the historical backlogs and you look at what backlogs are today and you look at the execution, we’ll continue to go through a little bit of volatility noise just on that movement from license on premise to outsourcing, and we'll continue to see that. But honestly, from an execution standpoint, our ability to take share, the teams are delivering very nicely against those sales. So, we feel good about that business going forward.
Gary Norcross: Well, I think two things Darrin. What's really changed is, honestly, if you look we are well-positioned in the larger financial institutions around the world, right? So whether you look at the mid-tier or large financial institutions, FIS is well positioned. If you look at that client base specifically, they really have held onto their technology investment way too long.Look at SunTrust and BB&T coming together, all about scale to drive innovation. So, you're just seeing in that secular market, an increase spend rate around technologies. And they're focusing on a number of different things.They're focusing on, digital enablement, of their capabilities, where they're really trying to go to next-generation, omnichannel capabilities. Obviously, we're a leader in that space, with our Digital One application.If you look at some of the things that Brett talked about -- asked about or Stevens, whether you're even looking at globalizations. And how to move my legacy technology from some of these applications, that have been in place for 30 or 40 years. How that really move on to a next-generation cloud-based platform.All of these things are just driving an increased spend rate. And when you look at six quarters in of really strong sales, it just gives us high confidence that's going to continue. We got a number of significant opportunities and fly high clients, very full teams who really engaged.And so I think, timing is just really working in favor of FIS, giving where we're position in market, giving the type of clients we have also giving where we've made investments. We started these investments on cloud-based technologies, 4-plus years ago.We started these investments on next generation applications, four years ago. And all of that's really accelerated to our benefit as our customers look to modernize and transform themselves.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. Keep in mind Darrin. I mean as you think about, new sales across e-commerce, very similar to the FIS business in banking. Can be a long sales cycle, but it also can be a fairly lengthy implementation cycle, right. You've got to integrate the software, into the e-commerce environment. They're going to actually slowly start moving volume over. So the ramp really you start seeing in 2020. But…
Gary Norcross: As Woody shared it earlier, we still feel very confident about the back half year. And what we're seeing in those current growth rates. So really sales as we talk about in these quarters, are really indicative of what, what, what it's going to look like, you know three and four quarters out.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. Now we talked about it. We really think, that we're going to start seeing some revenue benefit here very early in the process. And so, that gives us high confidence as we guide in 2020 that really start pushing forward 7%. And we've got really good line of sight into those some of those topics we've discussed on prior calls into that.
Gary Norcross: Thanks for joining us today. We are thrilled with this combination. Worldpay is a respected global brand with a best-in-class executive team and over 8,000 talented employees. They have a loyal and extensive client base and partner network who represent some of the most successful businesses in the industry.This combined with our profitable and very predictable financial institution business, banking and capital markets all aimed at the heart of commerce and the financial and transactions that power the world's digital economy makes us a powerful combination. We are grateful to all our loyal clients who depend on us to keep their businesses running and growing every day.Finally, I am personally thankful for our now 55,000 leaders and employees for their hard work and dedication in serving our clients. FIS is dedicated to advancing the way the world pays banks and invests. Thank you for joining us today.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Let me add my congratulations Gary and Woody on both closing the deal as well as this initial presentation deck here is very useful.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Sure, sure. Yeah. Let me actually start with some disclosure type of question. FIS used to provide obviously both for IFS and GFS sort of the underlying multiple lines subsegment information. Worldpay used to also provide segments underneath. What should investors expect going forward as you think about that next level underlying information as well as if you can provide sort of the timing of when some of the historical information so we can do proper analysis? Any color on that would be great.
Ashwin Shirvaikar: Got it. Got it. Thank you for that. And then with regards to -- obviously there is a market expectation that's based on your track record that you will exceed sort of the synergy number. You started off well here with increased confidence on one side and also increasing synergies on the other. I wanted to kind of get a little bit deeper into that sort of what's changed between the last time, you were speaking publicly and now with regards to bringing up the synergy -- the near-term synergy expectation and why would that not explicitly bring up the longer term as well.
Dan Perlin: You bet. I just wanted to get a sense kind of the macro backdrop has been evolving pretty quickly here. And there is a fair amount of exposure in terms of cross-border e-commerce opportunities that you guys have.But it also can be somewhat of a risk in these kinds of environment. And so I was just curious, what you're hearing from your clients. What if anything are you seeing kind of in near-term? Obviously your guidance suggests that things are going be okay, but I'd love to get any kind of incremental color on that. Thanks.
Dan Perlin: Great. Can you – Woody, maybe can you just help us a little bit on the third and fourth quarters kind of organic growth assumptions? I think you said you thought for the year you'd land at 6%, if I heard you correctly. I'm just trying to think about how that trends since we got a little bit of kind of a stub in terms of the third quarter and then rolling into the fourth quarter? Thank you.
Dan Perlin: Okay. And then if I could sneak one more in Worldpay's EBITDA margins were kind of off the charts strong. I just want to make sure, is that just the synergy attainment in terms of the closing the U.S. platform or was there something one-time in nature? Thank you.
