Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, let me give you a little color on that, it's kind of two things going on. As we talked about in the Integrated Financial Solutions segment, we continue to see a lot of consolidation and acquisition in that space. As you are very aware, in the U.S., that continues to be a consistent trend. So the sales team is doing a very nice job of selling through that and maintaining kind of consistent account volumes and that is contributing to our slower growth in that segment. You do see one big drop which is really an interesting anomaly. We had a very large bank that actually had an in-house developed system, one of the only ones I can think of that's happened like this in the last three or four years, and they actually migrated in-house on their in-house developed system. It was a simple product offering. We extended a real robust services engagement from them, so that's the anomaly you see in the drop there. When you go on to the ITO and BPO resources, frankly that's all Brazil. As Woody mentioned, we've got some serious macroeconomic issues in Brazil. It's really growing slow and as transaction volumes come down, you'd expect your call center agents to come down as well. So that's what's going on in that grouping.
Gary A. Norcross: I think you've got a combination of items, Dave. To your first point, you definitely see more growth in the second half of our business than we do the first half. That has been a normal growing occurrence over the past several years and you can model something around that. The second will be really around getting out from one the difficult comparisons where we've had term fees as a giant headwind in the first half of the year. We're actually seeing a little bit of tailwind in the back half of the year in terms of term fees year-over-year. The second would be getting the benefit of the cost actions that we're taking more in the third quarter and the fourth quarter and getting the project delay behind us. So, a combination of those items, we'll see a definite swing in the back half of the year compared to the first half of the year
Gary A. Norcross: Well, I think you've seen a couple of things. One, you've seen us buying back shares but you've seen the growth in the stock price over the past several quarters that's taking the diluted share count up a little bit associated with it. So you've got a combination of the two of those areas as well. Stock compensation is up slightly year-over-year. So we're seeing a little bit of that. But that's the big change, Dave, more than anything else.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, David, it's a great question. One of the things we've looked at in the global market very consistently as we've gone to that and we've disclosed to the market as well is we felt that there was an opportunity to pull more higher margin product sales into that business. As you see in what we disclosed this quarter, I think it was 2% was software license. What we continue to see over the last four quarters is we continue to see some of our license engagement slide from quarter-to-quarter. We're not seeing other people win those but we're also seeing them getting converted to complex services engagements where we leverage our software. But frankly, it goes into either our outsourcing which you're actually seeing a ramp-up in Europe around our banking utility we're building out. And so, after four quarters of this consistently, we decided to actually take our former product division, which was IFI, and we took our former services division, GFI, and are putting those together. So, we're getting a lot of opportunity of moving some resources from very expensive countries to offshore. As you know that's been a consistent strategy for us for years. We've also gotten some synergies in management. We've also gotten some synergies in go-to-market. So, you can tell by the severance costs, granted they're skewed because some of the countries that we had the resources in, but we had a lot of synergies between those two divisions. And that's going to continue through Q2 as we build out the go-to-market. We also, as I mentioned in my script, there is a number of large outsourcing engagements we're in the final negotiation stage of as well. So that makes us feel confident that the services concept. So if you see in what we've disclosed, you'll see our intellectual property-led services consistently growing quarter-over-quarter and you'll see our software sales is a very small amount. So these two trends over the last year has allowed us to bring these things together. So we think we've made the necessary actions. We feel confident with the pipeline and all of the services led opportunities that we have in the pipeline and we're in final negotiations on a number of them.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, it actually has gotten traction. It's just gotten traction in more complex services and transformation. It really can be attributed to as you are seeing that growth occur. So they continue to drag and penetrate very nicely in those global institutions with some large transformational outsourcing deals. One of the things that's also interesting is a lot of that's leading into long-term contracts. So it's not a classic services business where you're having the book and build on a very short timeframe. We're getting a lot of long term. So that actually is gaining very nice traction. The issue for us is just the elimination of really the software license as a material component of that business. That was something that we saw transitioning after 2008 but, frankly, it just – for whatever reason, as the market continues to evolve that type of business is not coming back. And now those clients are really looking for ways that we can leverage our talent, drive their cost down, and use our intellectual property to drive a different outcome for them. So really that GFI investment has done well. We did, as I just mentioned, though, as we went through the restructuring and we put these two groups together, we were able to get some efficiencies in some of our go-to-market overlap as well. So, long-term, it's going to be a good outcome for this group.
Gary A. Norcross: We actually are. If you turn to the IFS section, one of the things you're going to see is a line item that shows 4% growth, if memory serves. And that's primarily our card production EMV. We're seeing a nice ramp-up over that. We've disclosed a number of big wins. And so that volume continues to grow. While it's still small volume relative to our overall volume of cards we produce, we produced millions of EMV cards this past quarter.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, Allison, we're going to go into a lot of that on Monday in our investor update but clearly the biggest headwind this group has is just consolidation in the industry, right? I mean we continue to see acquisitions occur through the various different asset ranges within the space. Depending on what that continues to do, that will actually turn into a nice tailwind for IFS. But certainly we think long term, given our position, given our dominance in outsourcing in a number of the key markets, it's certainly a mid single-digit grower for us. You see the margins that we generate out of that. Frankly, when you start really breaking out that group and comparing it to some of its competitors, you're going to see that the margin contribution given the outsourced nature of the business is going to be superior to a lot of the competitors. So, it's a very strong fundamental business and we would expect that growth over the long-term would accelerate back into the mid single-digits which is, frankly as I said, on adjusted basis if term fees didn't exist, that grow over, that's exactly where we would have been this quarter which is right about 5% and 7% on the EBITDA line. So, we would have gotten margin expansion and good md single-digit growth. So it's really just the nature of how the acquisitions hit at any given point in time in that business. But fundamentally, it's a strong business and should continue to operate in that mid single-digit range.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, I think there are some opportunities. Certainly, you see the last big one we did was Clear2Pay. That's going exceptionally well for us in Europe and in other areas. We're always going to look for the right opportunity. We want to find something that gives our markets or our businesses an opportunity to accelerate growth and return value to our shareholders. Frankly, there's still probably too much supply in some of the markets that we're operating in. So if we can find a transaction that would make sense, we would certainly evaluate it. But like always, we've got to make sure that it makes sense for our shareholders.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, Brett, we're looking at right now about a 3-month total, 2.5-month 3-month total delay. Frankly, it was impacted by two things. One, it is a very large transformational project and we're bringing this financial institution out of a very old legacy environment. So they have some issues on their side as well that actually added to the delay. We also kind of had a perfect storm there. We've had a lot of success in that region with the challenger bank. So that ended up having us build out scope to build out a much larger banking utility given some of that success. So I think it's the combination of those two things. As you know, I've been with the company 27 years. We've had project delays before. Any big company that would tell you they haven't had a project delay is not being accurate. But the reality is this one kind of caught us from those couple of angles. We definitely have made some changes in our program management function. Obviously, as we build out these capabilities in Europe, we got to make sure that we have the talent that's applied to these projects to make sure they have high success. But am I overly concerned about the project delay? I'm not. I think the team is very focused and when I look at not only the sales success we've had to-date and we've announced some of those, but when I look at the contracts that we're actively negotiating, I feel very confident that the whole banking utility is going to be a very successful business for FIS going forward.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, Darrin. It's a great question. You're exactly right. We really have in our global business seen a massive expansion in the size of our contracts. We've highlighted those on a number of our calls. And as you said, as you're dealing with the these larger and larger agreements you can run into some of these things. Let's get to your question about pipeline, the quick answer is yes. I mean the pipeline is very supportive. We've got a number of large transformational opportunities that we're actively negotiating and so we see good line of sight that we can continue to that growth in these large transformational engagements. Capco has been just an unbelievable acquisition for us. It's been over five years but if you look at the growth in the consulting engagement and you look at how that's augmented into our IP-led services and we give that transparency, you can also see we have good pipeline supporting that. We'll see that continue.
Gary A. Norcross: Jim, two parts to that question. Let's get to the first one on the non-renewal. Frankly, this was an IT data center engagement and it was a very low margin contract. The client wanted to have a reduction that was even lower that would make actually the agreement non-profitable. It's just not a strategic business for us. So we just chose not to renew it. And as I said, it wasn't in the financial services industry whatsoever because we're just not going to provide service at those kind of margins for our company and our shareholders. If you start getting into financial institutions, as I mentioned to an earlier question, we do continue to see a lot of competition or perhaps even an oversupply in what I would say the traditional U.S. business, right, what we're now calling the Integrated Financial Solutions segment. So pricing is always going to be an issue, especially when you've got what I would call a monoline player. So you've got a single product offering in the market or in that customer, some of the pricing characteristics of that can be disproportionate. You can also see opportunities where larger scale competitors of ours that will have a broader solution. As they try to move upmarket, you can also see some aggressiveness around price. When we get over in the global marketplace, it's a little different. You're really – in those large transformational projects, there's always going to be an element of cost saves involved in those. That would be one of the reasons why a large global institution would not only outsource because on some intellectual property and the capability that we have, but they're looking for ways that through our best practices we can drive those costs now. But we don't see as much aggression from some of the other providers because it's more of a long-term project base type approach on those.
Gary A. Norcross: You know we have actually added some partners over the last several years. Bradesco, as you know, just continues to be the dominant client in that JV. We've got a number of years left on that contract. I mean Bradesco is very pleased with the service we're providing. We wish the macroeconomic issues were a little more favorable in Brazil but we're still very committed to the JV and things are going well there.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, you know, it's interesting. For the last three years, we've actually seen a steady decline in our term fees for three consecutive years. We would actually tell you the number, the percentage of acquisitions increased to the highest we've seen last year. A lot of those acquisitions are occurring in lower asset size institutions where we don't have as much penetration. Of course, when one of our large guys is acquired, it overdrives in a dollar amount, so our term fees can be quite large. There are a number of large combinations that have been announced. We would go back to the Umpqua Sterling, that's been a very successful situation where Sterling was on FIS, Umpqua was on a competitor. They chose to stay with FIS and we have successfully converted that client now onto all the FIS systems, so that's a very successful conversion. And there's going to be some other announcements coming where we've had a couple of combinations in a similar vein of Umpqua Sterling that FIS also was selected. So we're pleased as we get in the large bank market, given our size and scope and scale in those markets, we continue to have a lot of success growing that business.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, Glenn, it's definitely more license fee in nature. If you see, I mean we only had 2% license fees in the quarter. This business used to be a heavy license business and certainly we thought that would recover give our engagements but we continue to see our license fees slide from quarter to quarter. There's just lot of softness whereas our services stuff just consistently ramps up. So we're not sure that this market is ever going to return to really big license model again and we thought it would. I mean, it used to be a heavy license model historically but which is good for us long term, it builds our reoccurring revenue base. It allows it to be much more predictable in the long term and then, with that scale, you'll see steady margin recovery.
Gary A. Norcross: I don't think so Ashwin, if you look at where we do very well in that market, we don't do a lot in credit unions. We do in the payment space but most of our focus in that market would be larger community banks. So I would draw in the greater than $1 billion, we might go down to greater than $500 million. But when you really get in the small end, a lot of our competitors, they have very nice share down in the smaller end of that market. And, frankly, a lot of the consolidation, at least number of units, is occurring down on that low end. So we'll talk a lot about that on Monday but basically what you're seeing is actually the mid tier is actually growing -- that greater than $1 billion – because we've got clients that are trying to get the scale to deal with the regulatory change and, frankly, the complexity of all the technology that's being rolled out and that's playing really to FIS' strength long term. We definitely will have some lumpiness due to term fees because when have a large multi-billion dollar bank get acquired, typically the term fees can be a very large number as you see evidenced by this quarter. But when you look at that greater $1 billion space, we continue to gain share in that market. We continue to see evidence when really two large institutions combine together that they look to FIS to outsource to. And so all of that is going to be positive trends for IFS long term but you won't hear on Monday that part of our strategy is to push deeper in the lower end of the community bank market or, frankly, in the low end of the credit union market. We will certainly continue to be opportunistic there. We've got a number of customers there. We're going to serve them just as well as we serve any of them. But there's just – that's were most of the churn is occurring as we see it.
Gary A. Norcross: You know, I think one of the things you're going to see with the new transparency and hopefully you guys are going to enjoy this level of detail, but you're certainly seeing as we grow these complex projects, we've got to hire people, right. So competition for talent is going to always be something that we're going to have deal with. I think we've proven that over the last two years we've really signed some very nice agreements and we've been able to deliver on those. And we've seen the revenue and profit growth associated with those services. When you get to investments, to Woody's point, there are some good opportunities outside the U.S. for acquisition. The Clear2Pay acquisition has been a good one for us. That's a great example where they had some great IT capabilities around payment hub technology already in the money center banks but once again heavily services oriented around the deployment of that. So we'll continue to look at those opportunities. We also are continuing to invest in intellectual property for that market. We've seen a lot of engagements with some of our largest clients where we'll come in and do a specific build leveraging some of our components but then customizing it their benefit, once again through a services engagement. But you are right, I mean, as we grow that business, the recruitment of talent is going to continue to be an important issue for us to monitor. I'll tell you, I mean, our consulting group Capco is really a desirable place if you want to be in the consulting field in financial services to join. So we're able to recruit very well in that space from a lot of the larger providers. And traditionally, as you see, we've been able to ramp up our IP-led services as well, but we're going to continue to monitor that.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, we'll certainly go into a lot more of that detail on Monday, but it's a good question and our strategy has not changed. I mean we're materially focused on a very small number of global countries, right. We are very focused on the type of capabilities that we have existing capabilities that we can leverage, right. So we're focused heavily on the retail banking side in certain sectors and also from the consulting side on the capital market side. So where we truly aren't building out capabilities, we have capabilities that exist today that we can leverage. When you're outside of that space, we say no often, right. So, we really aren't looking at country expansion as a growth opportunity for us and we're also not looking at getting into product deployments or capabilities that don't exist within FIS. But we'll go into that detail for you on Monday to give you a better sense of that.
Gary A. Norcross: No, Ramsey, it's a good question. What I think you'll find is the margins are directly related to the type of IP engagement we have in that. So as you would expect, on the highest end would be where we truly have a product solution that's outsourced to us in our data center. That would be on the higher end of those margins and then it moves down to where we're doing just traditional back office BPO would be on the low end of that spectrum. So and then when you start getting into each country based on that dynamic, you start getting into the scale growth components of that. Overall we do believe that the margins on this business are going be able to accelerate, especially as our services components grow because we're seeing that occur in our large scale services engagements. But it really is based on how much product is truly engaged or in the engagement.
Gary A. Norcross: The team is doing very well. India is definitely the leader here in this growth. I mean, we highlighted the India ATM deal several years ago and you see the ramp that's provided but we can't lose sight of the job the team has done there in building out a true core franchise as well. Mahila Bank, Bandhan Bank. We talked about Karnataka on the call today. So India is by far the lead but we're seeing some nice growth in some other regions as well. Thailand is a very strong market for us and we obviously are doing well in other regions like the Philippines and Australia. But by far, India is the majority of the revenue in that sector.
Gary A. Norcross: That's a great question, Andrew. Well first, what we've done is we've now got truly two pure play companies here that exist. We've moved all of product, all of accountability, all of ownership in both unique segments. You've got the IFS segment which is really, it's just the dominant outsourcer in community banking. It's got the broadest product suite in the industry. The team is very focused whereas in the past we used to have that team being distracted to help focus on things going on in the global markets even though the revenue didn't flow there. A lot of the R&D was going on in that group just because historically that's where it was. We've now got two groups that truly own end-to-end all their capabilities. They have the products that they need in both markets. When you get over to Global, it's just that. We've really moved now Global from a sales engine to truly an end-to-end business. So, now they've got the capability to invest in their products or de-invest in solutions that aren't working in that market. So, in the simplest form, it's just one of accountability and focus that we think are going to drive much better results. We've been moving in this direction for a number of years. When we announced our strategy shift back in 2012, this was the direction we've been taking the company. As you would expect, these are a lot of people to reorganize and so fundamentally this was the last step in the strategy. And so we're going to get people that have lot more focus and accountability, right products. We're going to be able to make investments more effectively in those segments and then convey them to our investors on the returns we expect. So we think all of that's is going to accelerate the execution.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, exactly. We've been working on the resegmentation for last year as we started moving through me transitioning from Chief Operating Officer into the CEO role. And so before when I was Chief Operating Officer, we ran the business in a very different manner. But we had always had the strategy to move towards this more market focus. And if you look back on our calls, we talked a lot about our markets and the unique buying characteristics of our markets. If you look, the services fees from a professional services consulting piece is very small in IFS. You know we don't have a lot of that type of revenue driven. It's all outsourcing and highly leveraged products. So we take a product and we launch it many times. And you know our traditional competitors in that space very well. You move over into the Global business, very different, right. Heavy head count, a lot of advanced professional services consulting with IP built into that process. So it really is gotten us to the ultimate disposition of where we were taking the company. So now you'll have the ability to really look at both of these groups against their true pure play competitors and see how they're performing against those. So we're excited about the transparency this is going to drive and the ability for these two market leaders to focus and invest and drive their businesses.
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you for your questions today and for your interest in FIS. We continue to deliver revenue growth fueled by significant reoccurring revenue streams and strong sales results. We are confident that the resegmentation of our business will enable us to better leverage our technology, consulting and managed services portfolio to realize cost efficiencies within our own organization as well as deliver true value to our clients within the unique markets we serve. Together with over 14,000 clients across the globe, FIS and our more than 42,000 employees are empowering the financial world. In closing, we are pleased to share more detail with you around our strategy and resegmented operating model at our upcoming Investor Conference scheduled for May 4th in New York. We hope that you will be able to join us for this exciting event. Thank you for joining us today.
James W. Woodall: The other area you're seeing in the first quarter around the ITO, BPO head count would be associated with the non-renewal of the contract, too, Dave.
James W. Woodall: Well, I think it's difficult with the volatility going on in the currencies that we are in right now. As you know, we updated our guidance on April the 9th, and I think you have seen some level of improvement in the currencies since April 9 even, David, to your point. But I would tell you that we think 4% is close to where we think we'll be for the full year. If the dollar weakens a little bit against these currencies, obviously it wouldn't have as big of an impact. Very difficult right now to try to figure out exactly where currencies may land. If you look at the euro and the real, for example, I think they're down or have depreciated about 18% compared to this time last year. But you're right, if we see some improvement in currencies compared to the U.S dollar, that 4% headwind may not be as big but that's where we got it to at the time it updated and that's where we're at for the moment.
James W. Woodall: I could tell you, Allison, that the international opportunities have definitely looked a little more robust right now, given the strength of the dollar, coupled with we've got a lot of offshore cash right now, so.
James W. Woodall: And Brett, if you think about sort of the financial impact in terms of what it is to the total contract. To the total contract, this delay is insignificant to a several hundred million dollar contract, but it did impact our quarter.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. I think we're going to talk more about that on Monday in terms of the details behind it, Brett. But you're exactly right. I think you've got very good margin expansion capabilities in the IFS segment and it will continue as we consolidate data centers, as we sell into leverage platforms, as we continue to drive that business as we always have. The GFS business, it does create some challenges in the short run and potentially longer-term, but we do expect margins to expand as you get more of those services growing and you get more of scale in the areas that we're serving associated with that. But it's a challenge that we're going to continue to monitor and work through.
James W. Woodall: Yeah, again, not going guide on 2016 yet after the first quarter of 2015 but we're going to give some outlook, a multi-year outlook, on Monday, Darrin, as to what drivers are in these businesses and what the growth characteristics should look like in both of these businesses.
James W. Woodall: You know, our NYCE business continues to perform very well. I mean, we've been pleased with its performance so far. Is the team modeling a big increase for the back half of the year in that, no. I think it's been fairly consistent, but it has performed very well and they continue to grow their share.
James W. Woodall: It's less than 5% revenue, sort of those IT outsourcing or IT infrastructure outsourcing, is less tan 5%, Tien-Tsin, and even smaller on the EBITDA side.
James W. Woodall: Yeah, I think you've got a couple things there. One, you've got a charge associated with it of about $44 million, a good bit of that is in Europe where you've got a higher level of severance, if you will, associated with removing head count. The vast majority of that will be in the third quarter and the fourth quarter, Glenn, and we're looking at in the range of probably 70% of our savings in the third quarter and the fourth quarter this year compared to the charge. So you definitely will see benefits there. Some of those benefits will flow through and anniversary into 2016 as well but most of it is going to hit the third quarter and the fourth quarter in terms of benefit as we transition and onshore offshore some of those resources. And then obviously, the pure management overlaps will take place a little faster than that.
James W. Woodall: We haven't put an exact dollar amount on it but you know, I'm thinking probably $25 million third, fourth quarter combined is probably what you're looking at.
James W. Woodall: Well I think you'll see some benefits from the costs actions specifically. I think you'll see some benefits from term fees in the second half versus first half. I'm not sure that's the proper baseline because you're getting some benefit out of the term fees in the second half just like you're getting some detriment in the first half, but we do anticipate continuing to see some level of margin expansion through 2015 and then further into 2016.
James W. Woodall: If you look at the calls over the last several quarters, almost every call has had some mention of a win in India. And as we've talked about it, it was growing very well but not a giant needle mover. I think this kind of gives you some clarity and visibility into what growing very well really means and it's becoming a larger component of the overall GFS group.
