Stephanie Ferris: Yes, Tien-Tsin, thank you. So yes, as you might imagine, very excited about what we’ve been able to accomplish in a very short time period. It really came down to capital allocation and our ability to allocate capital, both M&A and organic to what is looking like to be two separate end markets. So the payments market, as you know, needs a lot more M&A associated with it, that the Banking and the Capital Markets piece. So as we came in and we looked at that really need to set those two separately from each other. And so that was the primary driver. I think secondly and thirdly, obviously, operational simplification and management focus is always important as you think about simplifying operating models and breaking things apart. I would say, finally, on the Amplify piece, we’re actually full speed ahead on that in terms of cross-selling across all three of our divisions, and it will become very important. We will establish commercial partnerships between us both Worldpay and FIS to facilitate that cross-sell. So we still view that as a big opportunity. We will just set those up as commercial partnerships with the respective revenue shares to make sure that we don’t lose the dis-synergy and opportunity there.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, yes, yes. So we are working at high speed. You can see from a high sense of urgency. So we will be – Charles and I will be working out the commercial partnership specifically. And as soon as we have those worked out, we will get them back out to you. You can expect us to give an update on the spin every quarter. But you would expect to see those relationships work out specifically. And so that we have incentives on both sides to continue to cross-sell each other’s products and mitigate the dis-synergy.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Thanks, Lisa. So we – so Charles and I feel very confident, given this will be the third time we will have spun it out, sold it and spun it back out. So we’re really familiar with the cost structures and the benefits that come with putting it in and taking it out. I think the way to think about it is we did realize a lot of cost synergies bringing it in. I think we know what those are, we would enter into as many commercial relationships as we can to not have as many dis-synergies. We think the dis-synergies are fairly manageable. So we think through the combination of commercial partnerships as well as continuing to lean in to Future Forward. Future Forward will continue for both Worldpay and FIS. So, to the extent that we continue to push that lever forward, we think that as well will offset the dis-synergies. But look, we’re not going to stop at that. They are there, and we had the benefit of them coming in, but we will tightly manage them on both sides as we come out.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, great question, Lisa. So from an FIS standpoint, as you know, we’re very committed to our investment-grade rating which underpins our ability to drive growth, we haven’t been able to allocate any capital historically or as we move forward into M&A. And that’s really been a big weakness for us in the payments business. I think if you look at our peers, they have been doing M&A over the last couple of years. Unfortunately, for us, we just haven’t been able to do that historically, allocating towards share repurchase which is fine. But the payments business itself, given that it is a scale platform with global distribution and the end market moved so quickly. We do believe having a different capital allocation for that business will enable M&A that we just cannot give it inside the parent.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, I might qualitatively take it, Dave. And if Erik thinks we need more fine points on the numbers that will be good. I think broadly, we would say we have seen in the fourth quarter, obviously continued deterioration from a recession standpoint in the UK. And in the U.S., consistent with what Visa Mastercard talked about a shift from goods to services. And so we have baked in our guide throughout the year, that continued shift. I think Erik just talked about the overall economic impact in merchant to be about 500 basis points. On a positive note, we are seeing a positive January, but we wouldn’t expect to flow that through. So from a broad-based recession standpoint, that’s how we’re thinking about the business. I think that we just have that continuing throughout 2023. We do think as those recessionary ties reside or come back and with the allocation of more M&A capital, this business can really get back to a mid-single-digit grower and be back in a growth trajectory.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, not yet, Dave. We will be back out to you on that. I think we have to be thoughtful. I’m not sure we could just come right back into what it was before. And so we will be back to you on that.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Darrin, happy to take that a little bit. So, in terms of making sure that we have the right amount of investment associated with the revenue, I think the business has benefited over the last 3 years to 5 years from a significant amount of capital investment to deliver some of the best-in-class products you see out there, Modern Banking platform, as you mentioned, PaymentsOne, Digital One, etcetera. All that investment has really played out nicely for us in terms of being in market, driving real recurring revenue growth as we move forward. So, we feel very comfortable around reducing the investments associated with that to what we consider more normal run rate. So, a lot of our reductions and expenses are around capital – around one-time. And then on the operating expense side, as you would expect, we are definitely protecting the business to ensure that we can deliver on the recurring revenue growth, so focused on more infrastructure costs or costs in the functional side of things. We believe very strongly in the ability for this business to have underlying margin expansion. As you know, it has high margin of new business coming on. We believe and are committed to the 3% to 5%. We believe it will reaccelerate in 2024, as Erik said, in terms of the two items really impacting it. So, we feel very good about the underlying revenue growth as well as our ability to continue to expand margins. And our Future Forward initiatives, as we laid out really aren’t about kind of cost cutting or cost cutting sake. You can see that we are really focused on faster time to market, faster implementations speed, agility, etcetera, and making the engine go faster versus just a flat out reduction of expenses.
Stephanie Ferris: Of the overall segment? Yes. So, I think – look, the strategy is consistent. I think the challenge for us is because of our lack of M&A, we haven’t really been able to feed it enough product, as the pandemic created some real structural challenges in some of our key segments. So, I would say broadly, we are really focused on continuing to drive more e-commerce into the segment. As you know, we are the largest global acquirer in the world. I think we are the largest e-commerce provider as well. That’s primarily been in the large space. And with the acquisition of Payrix, we now have the ability to move down market and bring not only embedded payments, but also be focused on platforms. So, it’s accessing for us not only large e-commerce clients, but also the small. So, that continues to be our strategic imperative. As you know, we have some historical businesses in our SMB space that are ISO primarily card-present or the pieces of our ISV book that are structurally impaired in terms of consolidation in retail restaurant software. And so those are pieces of our business that we continue to process for those software providers, but now they would become more like very large enterprises. So, I would say strategically, the payment strategy going forward continues to be focused on e-commerce and omnichannel capabilities, using the global platform and the global distribution capabilities to deliver best-in-class products. I think the challenge for us over the last couple of years is our inability to use M&A, to make sure that we get the best products we need to put across the platform as the end market moves.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Thanks John. So, look, we are focused on kind of going back to the future, returning to our roots around becoming a compounder. I think what you should look for is really us to focus on double-digit TSR through, obviously, margin expansion, but also the focus on free cash flow and pursuing a balanced portfolio of both dividend, share repurchase and then M&A to the extent that makes sense for us going forward.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. No, happy to. Thanks David. So, if you think about where we sit in terms of what financial services we serve, we serve all sizes, but we are also the premier provider to really large financial institutions. And so what we saw in 2022, quite frankly, was some of the large – very large deals that we have historically won. If you think about historically T. Rowe or Franklin Templeton are examples that have driven a point of growth, where we are really one of the only providers that can serve that size of client. As economic conditions in 2022 just became more uncertain, those financial institutions became more cautious, I mean just simply put. So, those transactions continued to be there. They just continue to push out in the pipeline. So, we feel really good about them, but frankly, until those really large financial institutions feel a little bit better about where the economy is going to go, they are going to continue to be cautious in terms of wanting to sign on the dotted line there. We have high visibility. They still hang out there. But that’s also why we don’t have those significantly closing in 2023. We have them in the pipeline, and we continue to work them. But given economic conditions and our prudent guide, we really don’t want to have a big number and have happened to us in 2022, happened to us again in 2023.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. So, Modern Banking platform continues to be a really strong product demand for us. I mean you saw us over the last couple of years, sign up a significant amount of clients. We are at full swing implementation mode. Each one of them is in a different space, and those all continue to go well. I think for us, not – our focus is more around making sure that we can implement those clients and continuing to sell the existing assets and deployment versus significant incremental new modules. But I do know that our deposit-taking module is good, and we continue to work on our lending modules. But I would expect that the current demand and the current products that they will meet each other.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, happy to. So I think, first of all, we announced our strategic review 60 days ago. I am really pleased with how – with the sense of urgency to what we have been able to decide thus far. I think with respect to what we have took in for the next couple of quarters, we are really focused, Ashwin, on making sure we execute on this merchant spend as quickly as possible, given the need to get those guys out and refocus on M&A. We are also really focused obviously on delivering Future Forward. All that being said, no, we will not include a strategic review after 60 days. So, we will continue to evaluate opportunities. The thing that really pressed forward in terms of the merchant separation though, was our inability to allocate a capital and for it to grow properly. On the Capital Markets side, we don’t have that same issue with respect to it continuing to grow well and the capital allocation. So, the merger business became a much bigger burning platform for us, but we will always continue to evaluate. In terms of the second piece on the Newco, I am going to speak in broad terms. I think the way we would think about it, and again, this is going to go to Charles and his team as he takes over. But clearly, given the amount of M&A that they probably will want to do and Worldpay historically did, I don’t think they would go after an investment-grade credit rating. It would probably impede them in terms of delivering the value that they want. So, I suspect they will look at something slightly below that. Historically, as you know, we were high yield, and it worked out – worked out quite well for us. But given all that, the Capital Markets are in a bit of a different position – but I don’t think they will be investment grade, but I also don’t want to speak for them. I think in terms of M&A, we have some strategic partners that we are coupled up with today. I think there is – and given the market and where things sit in terms of valuations coming down, I think the timing of the spin and their ability to get market will be quite fortuitous. And that was ultimately why I moved with such a high sense of urgency because as you can see from kind of the results of this segment, there is a different capital allocation structure that it certainly needs.
Stephanie Ferris: I think from a banking and capital market standpoint, we would expect to continue to see margin expansion. I think once the Worldpay returns to growth, you would expect to see margin expansion there. As you know, these businesses are highly margin accretive on the right growth trajectory, highly recurring revenue generative. I can’t speak to exactly how much. You can see from Future Forward in terms of how much cost we are driving into the business. And in the Banking, Capital Markets segment, unlike merchant, there is really nothing structurally wrong there. And so we should continue to be able to expand those segment margins like we have historically.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. I think we are focused on the spin of the whole business. I think the fundamentals of a Merchant business are that they are scaled platform with global distribution. We certainly looked at pieces and parts, but I think the best path for this particular business is to spend the whole thing and let the management team on the other side then determine structurally what they want to do from there. For us, again, the catalyst here is really the need for a different capital allocation structure. So, pieces and parts doesn’t really help that because I, as FIS, I can’t feed at the M&A need.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. Ramsey, it’s a great question, and it’s one that I think about every day, all day. So, I think a couple of things. Look, we are focused in 2023 in returning the Banking and Capital Markets business to 3% to 5% revenue growth going forward. We think the investments that we have made in product have been very significant, and we will continue to develop those, albeit at lower capital expenditure levels. We do have a great set of modernized products and I think with the new Chief Revenue Officer and focus around product and profitability and mix, that that revenue growth will be very attainable as we move into 2024. I think on the cost side, you saw a lot of margin contraction in the banking business over the last couple of quarters. I am happy to report that we will deliver expanding margins in both Banking and Capital Markets, that’s through the benefit of our Future Forward program. And like I said, that program, which is really being led by my President and Kelly Beaty, our Corporate Performance Officer is really focused on not just being a cost-cutting program, but being a speed to market, delivering results faster, lots of things like that versus just being a cost program. And I did that purposely because I wanted to make sure that we could balance appropriately revenue growth and margin expansion.
Stephanie Ferris: Thank you for joining everyone on such short notice. I very much appreciate it. As I noted earlier, 2023 will be a year of recommitment for FIS. And with that in mind, we are making great strides and taking bold actions to move the company forward with a focus on creating incremental value for shareholders and clients alike. I am proud of our FIS colleagues across the globe and the great progress we are making in just a few short months towards delivering on our commitments to our stakeholders. I look forward to keeping you updated on our journey moving FIS into the future. Thank you.
Erik Hoag: So the existing guide does include a recession. There is a couple of underlying drivers to that. First, as you said, we’ve got the UK macro. The second piece is in the U.S., we’re seeing a shift from goods to services predominantly in our enterprise sub-segment. We are seeing some elongation in the sales cycle that we’ve spoken about for the last several quarters in our banking business. And as we – as you saw in the deck, roughly, we’ve incorporated roughly 500 basis points of headwind in our merchant guide associated with macro.
Erik Hoag: Yes. Hey, good morning. Thanks for the question. So a couple of things – hey, good morning. In walking the 22 to 23 number, there is two predominant drivers here. One is the lapping of large deals. So we spent some time in the second quarter, third quarter calls talking about some of the very large deals, total contract value in excess of $50 million. Those deals have elongated, which is driving roughly half of the step down from 22 to 23. And the second is a reduction in non-recurring revenues. Non-recurring revenues predominantly license fees and termination fees, which over the longer term will drive higher recurring revenue and improve the overall health of the banking segment.
Erik Hoag: Yes, sure. So the enterprise sub-segment, which is roughly half the book, down mid single-digits, this is where the UK sits, the SMB sub-segment, down low double-digits. And our e-commerce book continues to perform well, up double-digits.
Erik Hoag: Yes. Hey John. A couple of things going on in the margin side. Number one, you are right. We are down on – we have got lower-high margin revenue. So, I think UK, I think crypto, I think Russia-Ukraine to the extent that, that annualizes. We – to your point, we are investing in sales and product. And the third thing I would note is, we are also seeing some higher residuals and compression in the SMB book.
Erik Hoag: Hey. Good morning Dan, that’s right. We have – I would say, broadly speaking, as Stephanie talked about a couple of minutes ago, the elongation of sales cycles is the predominant element that we have included in our guide for Banking and Capital Markets.
Erik Hoag: Sure. So, the Banking business, we have margins expanding, roughly 50 basis points. We have got Capital Markets expanding 50 basis points to 100 basis points. And we have got margin headwinds in both corporate – Merchant and the Corporate segment associated with the revenue declines that we are experiencing in those segments.
