Gary A. Norcross: Yes. David, this is Gary. Obviously, one of the benefits to our environment is when you operate fully outsourced environments on highly leveraged platforms, those incremental margins can be very high. We'll continue to have a significant relationship with BMO Harris going forward. In fact, they'll still be a top 10 client. We certainly think we'll drive higher revenue through our professional services engagement as well. And obviously, we'll continue to sell additional clients onto that platform. But at the end of the day, we're going to have a very strong relationship with them going forward.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. No, it's a great question. I appreciate you asking for the clarification. All in all, our sales were on par for the full year when you look at our international sales, our nonfinancial institutions sales. Clearly, within North American financial institutions in the second quarter, we saw a little slowdown. As we mentioned, we don't feel we've lost any business due to our clients getting a letter from the regulators, although we will say we've had a number of conversations, and we do think that some of those deals got delayed into the third quarter. But we're very confident based on our pipeline, not only in financial institutions, but also in nonfinancials and international, we're going to continue to end the year very strong.
Gary A. Norcross: We're not -- we're -- not really. I mean, at the end of the day, we actually -- the number of deals that we had signed to financial institutions were actually up. So our clients are making decisions. We think some of our bigger deals just got pushed into the third quarter because we're having other conversations. And so, at the end of the day, our clients, especially financial institutions worldwide, they're all dealing with regulatory challenges, frankly, unprecedented regulatory challenges. They're generating a very, very, obviously, difficult economy. But even as the economy rebounds, they're trying to figure out how to reinvent themselves. So we saw strong growth in our professional services business. So we can't lose sight of that as well. So all in all, we still think we can get back what we missed in the second quarter on the full year within financial institutions. And we think nonfinancial as well as international is going to continue to have a strong year.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. Well, Capco was up significantly. They had a fantastic quarter, and it was both in North America and in Europe. And we continue to see Capco's consulting business, as I said, grow very strongly, and most of it is around more transformative type consulting engagements. I'll tell you, the way our teams are working, our sales teams and our business lines with Capco, both in North America and Europe, we're very pleased with. And that organization is certainly performing within our expectations at this time.
Gary A. Norcross: David, we do that as a course of business, always. And then we'll have a little bit more focus on this during the budget process.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. David, this is Gary. And then, obviously, this is just something that is part of the business now. And I mean it's a -- the bar has been raised, it should be. And all providers are going to have to make investments in this space going forward.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. We obviously -- and again, that is -- it's predominantly captive activities we do there. We use it to support our product sets that are based in the U.S. And because of that, it was favorable to us. Obviously, that gave us kind of a hedge against some of the diminution we saw in other parts of the world. But it's a small number. At the end of the day, the delta between what the impact was in the international side versus the benefit we got from our captive probably netted out less than a few pennies.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, John, this is Gary. Obviously, we have been committed to these types of businesses for a number of years. We're -- really what we're doing is selling computing services to adjacent markets that leverage our existing structure. So we deliver a lot of mainframe services to financial institutions, as you would expect. So the ability to leverage that excess capacity and underwrite our overall delivery cost at very nice margins to nonfinancial institutions. So no, we have no plans of divesting this type of business. It's just a natural leverage for our significant data processing footprint in North America.
Gary A. Norcross: Absolutely. It's been a high-growth area for us. That team has done a very good job finding opportunities that leverages our existing capacity, and I think that's something very important that we focus on in the sales cycle. We're not after looking for non -- for services that we don't already have scale in. So mainframe is a great example where we bring significant scale. Server management's something where we bring significant scale. And so these are opportunities that allow us to underwrite our delivery cost to the financial institution marketplace, allows us to help us expand our margins as we're bringing more scale on the platform, getting more efficiencies out on it.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, John, I mean, M&I -- keep in mind, we've had a long-standing relationship with M&I on an outsourcing basis. We've had a long-standing relationship with BMO Harris. Some things, on an outsourced basis, the core banking system has been run in-house for years. So as you would expect, when we do -- when our clients do acquisitions, a lot of times they engage us through professional services activities to help convert those clients onto their platform. So we have -- that's very typical for us, and that's one of the drivers of our professional services numbers. Ongoing, we're going to continue to have a very large relationship with BMO Harris. And so all we were doing was bringing clarity that getting an extension in a contract and a long-term agreement with the eighth largest bank in North America is proven, given the size of our company and where we think the market's going. So we'll have a good, long-term relationship with them.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, clearly, in the smaller market, we're seeing massive movements to outsourcing. We've been saying that for years. And I would tell you, we continue to see that trend. We've also continued to see a very large trend towards outsourcing in the large financial institution marketplace as well, but it's not near as advanced as what you would say in the classic community markets. Also, when you're in the large financial institution, we're seeing a lot more services business driven there. So every quarter, we've seen growth in our professional services business, and we think that trend is going to continue. But we do think there's a big opportunity in the large financial institution space for outsourcing business. We've signed some significant outsourcing in the LFI space all so far this year. And fact of the matter or even a very -- a deal that we had in the second quarter, we’re counting on the second quarter, got pushed into this quarter. We actually signed today. So we'll be announcing that here over the next several weeks. So we're seeing good movement in and around outsourcing, for sure.
Gary A. Norcross: We think it still has opportunity. The team has done an excellent job coming up with both offensive and defensive strategies in that business, as we've shared with you over the last couple of quarters. We saw some nice growth through the Durbin Amendment. Obviously, we're seeing some of our transactions slow with some of the deep end pricing. But we've got a number of strategies ourself we're deploying. And we feel good about some of the early results of those strategies. So we think that solution has -- still has some growth in the future for us.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, at the end of the day, keep in mind, our international business -- and we've talked about it for years, so our international margins have always been less than what we've seen in the domestic U.S. But what we've consistently said is as we build scale in the countries that we're focused on, right, we're going to continue to see expanding margins of that. So the team has done a great job selling. Frankly, we're continuing to see a move towards outsourcing, even in international. And I think you're starting to see our overall software license fees continue to get smaller. And so as that scale comes up in those various countries, whether it's Brazil, whether it's Europe or the U.K. or in Asia, some of the deals we mentioned, those transactions and those accounts and those new clients come on at very high margins for us. So -- and also, the team does an excellent job controlling costs. I mean, Frank talks about it. We execute our business every day looking for opportunities to become more efficient, and then we continue to drive our sales force through incentives to close as much business as possible. So really, it's nothing more than good sales execution, good cost control and scale in the markets we're operating in.
Gary A. Norcross: Oh, yes. No, we -- absolutely. And we still think there's opportunities to grow our margins, keep in mind, in all of our markets.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. And just to add onto that, keep in mind, we're talking about BMO Harris, which is the U.S. subsidiary of BMO in Canada. And so we think there's a lot of opportunity to leverage some of our capabilities in the Canadian operation. And so we've got a lot in that environment. We do very little with actual BMO in Canada. And we talked to them about a number of fronts, whether we could leverage a lot of our payment technologies, our core processing technologies. And so, as Mike said, having a long-term relationship with BMO Harris and actually extending that, we think, makes a lot of sense. But then, what we've been able to do through this process is really tap into overall BMO in a significant way for the first time. So the dialogue has been very positive around working out this situation. But we think what that's going to do is, obviously, open some doors to allow us to talk about BMO, the larger enterprise in Canada, on some of our capabilities going forward.
Gary A. Norcross: No. Keep in mind, we were talking about ING as an international client over in the Netherlands. So we're working with them. They've actually sold ING Direct to Capital One, which, you're right, we do have both Capital One and ING Direct. But our reference in the earnings call was dealing with ING, which we announced in the fourth quarter of last year, where they're actually migrating all of their country-specific core processing systems onto our technology. And so that's obviously continuing to drive professional services business for us internationally as we help them with that deployment and migration.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, you got 2 totally different enterprise, right? So you've got Capital One, who's actually bought ING Direct, which is one of the largest direct banks. And so we've got a very strong relationship there, and we're just going to continue to work with them through their strategies. And as they decide how they're going to carry forward their business, obviously FIS will be there to help them. And so we enjoy seeing our clients grow and grow through acquisition, because it usually means great things for FIS.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, I can't agree more. I mean, at the end of the day, if you look at our -- once again, our software business continues to decline because of the trend towards outsourcing that we've been now talking about quarters -- for just many quarters. And as a result of that, it's a much more predictable business. So FSG doesn't have quite the impact that, say, our PSG segment does with transaction volumes and some of those things. So we feel good about FSG in the second half of the year, and we feel good about the sales success in that area as well.
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I think we had a very strong start to the year, obviously. We had some -- particularly in payments, we had some revenue come out at very strong margins. And so I think it's a great start to the first half of the year. I think we've got, as we referenced, some challenging comps in the second half, and we have some clients who have been deconverting. So it's a little bit different than we saw last year, but that's how we anticipate the year to fold out.
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I mean, we haven't really carved Capco out. What we shared last year is they were a little behind our expectations and plan. And we're excited that in second quarter, they're ahead of the plan and expectations for them. So the size, you saw the size. We acquired them, it was around a little over $200 million. And so, obviously, we saw growth from that point.
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I mean, the PSG margin, you could see we had some revenue growth, but we clearly had much stronger EBITDA growth in that business. And the teams continue to find ways to drive efficiency in PSG. So these are activities and actions that we have taken in the last fall heading into 2012. And then, quite frankly, they had some decent transaction volumes. We had good volumes, nice first half of the year. We had good volumes in our debit issuing business. We had good volumes in bill pay. So those transactions come on at very high incremental margins. So that's what's driving the PSG side. The BMO Harris fourth quarter, we had -- looking at where we're going to be for the year, where we're going to end up, we declared in the second quarter, we feel comfortable with where we're at in '12. And that business comes off, and then as Gary talked about, team's got to go out and refill the hole, if you will. We've got to bridge in '13, and then we've got to put some new clients back on those platforms and that's -- the teams are out looking to do.
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I think it's a little of everything. We talked at Investor Day that we're kind of finalizing the activities that we've done on the merger synergy plan with Metavante. It's now blocking and tackling a lot of little things. So the team continues with the consolidating, particularly like in item processing, where the volumes are going down, they've done an outstanding job of consolidating the number of centers that we operate. They'll keep doing that. But whether it's center cost or procurement or the operating cost, they're just good execution right now.
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I mean, we talked about -- we didn't do a specific number, but we talked about reinvesting some of the incremental margin improvement that we would have seen in '12 back into the business, specifically infrastructure and information security. So it's a number that has an impact, obviously. And we've talked about some of the things we're doing to improve our environment. But we'll continue to spend throughout '12, and there'll be spending going forward. But there's obviously a little bit of a bump in '12 as we catch up some activities.
Michael D. Hayford: So the $60 million is the annualized run rate. And again, we're talking specifically to the consolidated impact of BMO Harris and M&I consolidating the environments together. So the $60 million is a run rate next year with -- and again, we're getting information it's not finalized because we haven't finalized the deal with them yet. But we anticipate in '13 that $60 million will be mitigated by half due to our contractual arrangement.
Michael D. Hayford: Again, the activity would end -- most of the migrations would be done by the fourth quarter of '12. And then -- so we will have that spread probably throughout '13.
Michael D. Hayford: No. I think that's to -- really, around the globe for us that Brazil is very matched. The expenses we have driving that are based on in Brazil. Our European operations, whether it's Capco, whether it's the other centers that we operate, the costs are in-country, so same currency. So the only one that's mismatched has some benefit for us right now, which is India.
Michael D. Hayford: Wow. No, I mean, we -- again, we're excited about the benefit we got in the second quarter, but it changes the rate to our -- to the good. But why don't we wait until we do the whole '13? And we've been in the 33% to 34% range now a couple of years, but we got to do a little planning before I give you a number.
Michael D. Hayford: Well, again, what we're doing with BMO Harris, because we had really relationships in -- on both sides of that, so we're really taking a contractual -- typically, if you have a relationship and your investment gets acquired, you have a termination fee in that situation. Here, we have an ongoing relationship. So we've really tied together the ongoing portion, and as Gary talked, an extension of that relationship with the migration of M&I. So it's a little different than a typical termination works, because it's not termination in this situation. And so it'll -- we just don't anticipate a onetime bump that will hit a specific quarter as opposed to just kind of a transition through the current relationship down to where we just give you an expectation then after '13.
Michael D. Hayford: Well, I mean, so a lot of the business we're still going to keep, right, probably be a different name. But bill pay, we actually will have. There's -- the core, the deposit loan, customer systems, we are operating 2 platforms, we're going to be operating one. It's going to go an in-house platform that Harris and M&I are going to operate on. There's been some noise around the credit card, as an example. We never processed credit cards for M&I. So they really didn't have a decision there. We had a flow-through as part of our relationship with another organization, and they kept their card processing there. So the bulk of the applications we're still going to process for them. It's going to be generally an in-house. Obviously, you can see from the numbers that the numbers are going back down quite a bit. But the relationship is still a very large relationship. It's a great organization. We have a great relationship with them. And as we talked about, we felt it was an opportunity to extend the relationship as opposed to have a terminating type of situation.
Michael D. Hayford: I mean, I think FSG had a pretty good string here that the comps in the last half of last year were a little off. But they started out last year real strong in the first 2 quarters, and then the -- through those comps, we're going to have pretty good third and fourth quarter. First 2 quarters this year were solid. I mean, we've talked about FSG has really come back pretty strong after a slow '09 and '10, where we had -- kind of the slowdown due to the financial crisis and just good steady growth. We get a little bit of noise quarter-to-quarter because of comps or because of something moving around. But as Gary referenced, we feel pretty good about the growth opportunity. I don't - the third-- the second quarter sales, again, we think is more of a delay than losses, and Gary referenced that -- one of the deals we actually got signed here already in the third quarter. So I think we still feel good about FSG. It's kind of quarter-to-quarter. It's going to have a few up and downs. But as we look year-over-year, we still think it's come back strong and it has the opportunity to keep growing.
Michael D. Hayford: Yes. I mean, we try to look at that. I don't have a number in front of me in terms of –- kind of project out the FX. Again, we try to give organic numbers, which eliminates the FX impact. And then, at least most of those countries have a natural kind of hedge and balance. And then in terms of if we have a negative impact there in terms of lower margin coming back, right now, we've got the benefit with India. So without trying to predict what's going to happen with the currency swinging in the future, I don't really have a specific number. But if you look at the second quarter -- and we don't think we have too much exposure there on the bottom line.
