Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. No, it's great question, David. We're coming off of three really good quarters of sales in IFS. You're seeing that flow through toward the organic growth rates. Frankly as Woody and I both talked about, Q3 exceeded our expectations. We're looking at a strong Q4. So from a sales perspective, and confident going in (19:43) 2019. So, I do think the fundamental spending environment has improved across our regional and community banks. And we're certainly seeing stronger demand for our solutions given the fact that we're focused on our modernization strategy, movement into the cloud, the new DIGITAL ONE announcement. We're actually pretty excited that IFS will continue strong growth rates into 2019.
Gary A. Norcross: In fact, you're really seeing some great traction and pull-through with our data center consolidation. So, you're starting to see those numbers drop to the bottom-line, which is a great positive. So, we're actually very confident in our guide on continued margin expansion going forward.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. And Dave, I just want to remind you Q4 is always a big quarter for the GFS business. It's just cyclically always a quarter in which there's a lot of decisions made by the Tier 1s around the globe. And frankly, they're cleaning out their budgets for the year they're in and preparing for their implementation of their big programs starting in the next year. So even as Woody described, the smoothing out at some in next year, you'll still see Q4 as a big year next year.
Gary A. Norcross: And to build on that, Dave, I mean one of the things that's exciting about this as we've talked about in the past, it was a great partnership that allowed us to really penetrate the high growth market of Brazil. But now that the fact that we're going to be independent, we've got a great commercial arrangement going forward with Bradesco, but it really does allow us now to fill the full capabilities of FIS, not only in Brazil, but the broader Latin America market. So, we're pretty bullish on our opportunities down there in the future given the fact that we've now unwound the JV. In the past, we had prospects that really didn't want to enter the JV because of the Bradesco ownership. So, now all that goes away as a barrier for our sales going forward. So, it's a great outcome for us.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. No, Brad, it's a great question. As we talked about we're very far down the path of our modernization transformation and it really spans from the technology side, so data center consolidation. As you're aware, we're wrapping up year three of a five-year journey. You're seeing great outcome from the operating savings. We'll have $100 million in run rate by the end of this year. We'll have $250 million by the end of year five, and we'll have over 50% of our production compute in the cloud by the end of this year. So, great progress and being very well received. And that's not just cloud-based deployment that's modernizing our network, modernizing our infrastructure, using artificial intelligence, et cetera, through the whole process of delivery, so that's going very well. I highlighted a number of key wins on our more modern digital omni-channel platform that we're able to deploy globally across any and all financial institutions. I highlighted a number of DIGITAL ONE wins in the quarter. We've had quite a bit of success with that solution throughout the year, not only with sales but also going live in production on a true – the true future of where we see both the assisted and unassisted. From a core modernization standpoint, we have had great progress on that development and a number of key wins this year in the market, and a lot of traction in the larger financial institutions. We're deploying those components under our brand Profile 8, which is the next generation of our Profile suite. But we're also now consuming those components in a number of our regional and community bank cores as well. So, all of that combined we feel really good about the retail banking side, and what we're doing. I also highlighted a number of key wins with our modernization effort around payments. You're starting to see some traction in our payments growth. A lot of that is next generation technologies that we're starting to deploy and gain traction. I highlighted the example with the U.S. fuel stations, and that success. We're also seeing and we highlighted several wins – significant win in Europe where our PaaS product, Payment as a Service product is gaining a lot of success. We've now had three wins there. And then on the institutional and wholesale side, doing a number of key modernization efforts around some of our SunGard assets. So, long-winded answer to we have a lot of traction across this and it really is starting to resonate with our client base.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. I would think – I would say it's a combination of both, George. The nice thing about the IFS business is, it's got a very diversified client base. And so the acceleration in payments, you're seeing that from economic indicators, you're seeing increased volume, especially around credit, debit and our network businesses. So we saw nice volume increases across the quarter, which obviously contribute to our organic growth. But the team has also done a very nice job over the last three quarters, selling some nice payment sales and you're seeing the team get those onboarded and starting to gain traction as well. So it's really a combination of market dynamics as well as sales dynamics, both contributing to an accelerated growth rate. Across IFS, it was a very clean quarter. And if you look, we're encouraged about what we're seeing in that market, what we're seeing in the sales force, taking market share and the growth across it. So I think there's a lot of good indicators that make us excited for not only the rest of the year, but into 2019.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. It's a good question, Jim. We're seeing a pretty consistent trend across M&A. Woody highlighted the term fees in Q3 pretty much in alignment. You can almost use that as a proxy for M&A activity pretty much in alignment over last year and looks like they'll be down a little bit in Q4 based on where we sit which makes us come in flat year-over-year. Yeah. There's a lot of discussion going on I would say it that way. But those discussions and frankly decisions have been fairly consistent over the years. There's some indication as we've raised the SIFI limit that we might see more activity in the larger bank space. But I'd also come back and say valuations are high in the markets. And so the good news about FIS is we've got very strong positioning in the large bank market. And typically we're the net benefactor as our customers are buying other clients and driving scale. And then as even in the smaller bank markets as banks grow into the larger bank space, they tend to look to FIS to really drive their capabilities necessary to compete at that level. So long-winded answer to not seeing a lot of change, but it's something that we monitor very closely.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, right now, all we can look to is what Q4 looks like. As I highlighted in my prepared remarks, it looks like we're going to have a strong sales quarter in Q4. And I will remind everybody as we onboard these sales, you need to look that those are – that's going to drive organic growth 9 and 12 months out, all right? Because it takes time to not only sell the solution, it takes time to implement it. And I'd also highlight that our pipeline continues to be highly qualified and robust in the IFS segment, so that gives us confidence as we look into 2019. I think a lot of our clients as interest rates continue to rise, their net interest margin continues to spread and they're more bullish on spending on some programs that they've held back. There's also a real need to modernize these platforms and FIS is certainly leading the way in that category. The benefits to cloud computing drives, the benefits to omni-channel deployment, next-generation components, payments, and institutional wholesale are really resonating across those client bases. So we feel good about 2019 as it sits today given the size of the qualified pipeline and the activities we're having in the sales channel.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. From a retention standpoint we continue to do very well, not only taking share with new wins. Obviously, on this call, we highlighted a lot of new wins. But I would tell you our renewal rates continue to be in line with historicals and we're very pleased with the retention rates that the team is executing on. That's a great opportunity for us during the renewal cycle to cross-sell and up-sell our new capabilities, to really communicate our modernization story, help push people to the cloud and also gain the benefits of many of the next-generation technologies we've talked on the call.
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you. Thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing interest in FIS. We are pleased with our year-to-date results and are confident that this positive momentum is paving the way for a successful 2019 and beyond. In closing, I'd like to reinforce our core fundamentals. We have a proven market leadership position driving continuous innovation for modernization and improving our capabilities. We are serving healthy and improving market segments and have very strong financial fundamentals with a proven track record of generating shareholder returns. And we believe our business continues to have a compelling investment thesis and we look forward to delivering on our commitments. I'd like to thank our loyal clients who depend on us to keep their businesses running and growing every day. The successful partnership between our clients, leaders and employees enables FIS to continue to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. I think, David, we don't have any broad change to the mid-term guidance we outlined in May and we believe we'll absolutely be in that level of margin expansion in 2019.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. I think as you remember, we talked about some lumpiness because of the adoption of ASC 606 in 2018. Our expectation in 2019 is a smoother alignment. Although you may have some renewals in a particular quarter versus another, but we don't expect the level of movement that we had because of the adoption of ASC 606. As you remember, we are looking at a robust fourth quarter growth rate to get to the range we talked about. But we anticipate at least a few points out of the shoot (22:17) just from the adoption of ASC 606, and then the remainder of the organic growth to be driven through a robust pipeline and good solid license sales that we anticipate in the fourth quarter. But I think going back to your original question, we do anticipate less lumpiness in 2019 than we had this year.
James W. Woodall: It's a great question, Dave. I'm going to give you some color around the JV itself. We put out a press release that had roughly an annualized impact to reported revenue of about $200 million. First, while we consolidate the JV, we only own 51% of the economics, Bradesco owns the other 49%. And after we closed the transaction, we'll remove ourselves from some low margin call center operations and some low margin, almost no margin, pass-through revenues from a third-party vendor. The combination of those and removing the minority interest is why we anticipate really no impact on EPS, but it will impact reported revenue some. All those collectively will help our margin profile in 2019.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. With regard to the first question, I think, that's right. We're about as clean and focused as we can and we have been since I've been with the company for 10 years. Feel very good about where we're at in terms of the amount of technology and software-related mission-critical-related applications that are in the portfolio, and things that we've pruned off over the last few years. With regard to future M&A, I think, it's the same philosophy that we've always had. We try to find things that are good strategic fits that increase our capabilities in markets that we serve or break us into new markets and they also have to make sure they make good financial sense and drive solid returns to our shareholders. I don't think that's changed very much. We continue to watch the market dynamics as everyone does. But we're always keeping an eye out for what's going on out there.
James W. Woodall: I'll follow on to that too. I mean, we had robust growth in payments. I think, it's an indicator that the investments we've been making over the past few years are actually paying dividends now. And we continue to anticipate robust growth in payments going into Q4.
James W. Woodall: You got a couple of things. We continue to monitor costs, no doubt about it. We've got some absence of lower margin business from divestitures that we made in the prior year.
James W. Woodall: And we've seen some of the data center consolidation efforts flowing through to the margin health within that business.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. If you look at the free cash flow again we're trying to highlight year-over-year, we had a benefit in Q3 2017 of roughly $50 million. That would get you to about flat year-to-year. We have had some modest investment in working capital to support the growth primarily in the payments area. And we've had some higher sales commissions this year that frankly we're happy to pay. If you look back we've been trying to increase the percentage of revenue conversion into free cash flow if you go back to 2014 that was roughly 14% conversion of free cash flow from revenue. And we are looking to be very close to 20% this year, and we want to continue to drive growth in that revenue to free cash flow conversion at or above 20% going forward. So that's where we're at on the free cash flow comment.
James W. Woodall: I would anticipate it to be roughly 100% this year. And then would continue to think it could be 100% to 110% on a go-forward basis.
