James W. Woodall: Yeah. I think a couple of things, Dave. Your implied numbers are right. We're looking at a strong fourth quarter in both IFS and GFS. As we talked about, we're seeing some rebound in payments in terms of card production as well as some deal flow that we're expecting in the fourth quarter. GFS, pretty strong. We saw accelerating growth in institutional and wholesale, we expect that to continue to flow through and accelerate into the fourth quarter, and we don't have the headwind from Sainsbury. That said, are we looking to continue to at that level? It's probably a pretty strong growth quarter in terms of 5% IFS and 6% GFS, but we're pleased with the outlook for the fourth quarter.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. I would tell you in the quarter, we have a $0.02 beat in my mind on margin profile with a $0.10 impact from tax. So you would anticipate that flowing through, certainly. We're certainly looking at good margin outlook in the fourth quarter along with that growth. So, most of it is tax but certainly some operating beat underlying there as well.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. I'd tell you two things. Term fees were lower in the third quarter by about $10 million. majority of that in the payments business, as you see the slide five there.
James W. Woodall: The second would be card production. Card reissues are a little lower than we anticipated this year, so that EMV headwind is even higher than we thought. So if you combine term fees and card production headwind in the third quarter, it was about a $25 million headwind compared to where we thought we would land, so.
James W. Woodall: The only one I would say is the high end of the GFS growth was potentially going to be driven by consulting growth.
James W. Woodall: That's not there anymore, but I would still tell you that 3% to 6%, as we outlined back in May of 2016, is a reasonable guide for the long-term outlook of the company.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. I would tell you that we – I'd say this. We're going to pay down all our prepayable debt in 2017, as we originally talked about, then get our leverage back in line with our longer-term targeted leverage. We will anticipate having excess free cash flow in 2018. You saw us get an authorization from the board for a $4 billion buyback in the third quarter. So we've got flexibly to utilize that excess free cash flow to potentially do buybacks. If we saw something that fits strategically and the value proposition was there, would we look at it from an M&A perspective? Certainly, we would but we would be defaulting back to some share buyback if we didn't have a higher, better use for that free cash flow.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. I think the challenge is, Ashwin, in giving a three-year outlook is things change. And we've had a number of moving parts, some being very good guys and some being not so good guys. Our tax rate is better than we anticipated. Our interest expense is better than we anticipated, but we've divested around $0.35 of EPS since that time horizon. So there's some moving parts back and forth. We're going to give some full color on that when we give 2018 guidance. But beyond that, we're not going to give 2018 guidance today.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. Again, we're not going to give 2018 guidance today, Ashwin. We haven't changed our outlook in terms of growth rates. I tried to outline that a couple of times over the course of the year, and then we'll give sort of a full recon from where we were in 2016 to where we go in 2018. But I would anticipate still getting good strong EPS growth in line with what we've outlined before.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. I think the only challenge I would see is we still have headwinds in Corporate and Other. The secular declines continue to be headwind, there was about a point of growth this year. We're working through the planning process right now, we're going through it right now. But we still think the strategic segments will be in line with the growth rates we outlined a few years ago.
James W. Woodall: That's a ballpark, George. I'm hopeful something will happen out of Washington and that rate will go down. But I think that's a reasonable place to be thinking about it.
James W. Woodall: I think we've always been a combination, having 3% to 6% type top-line growth and ultimately driving 13% to 18% earnings growth. You certainly have got to do a combination of margin expansion with revenue growth as well as some of the other factors in capital structure. I think we'll continue to be a combination company, driving top-line growth in those ranges and expanding margins to continue to grow earnings per share double-digit plus.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. Just to build on that, Dave, I mean, your other question though, we've talked about a several times. Q4 is always our biggest quarter. So now that all the noise is starting to separate out with all the divestitures, you'll continuing to see – in any IP-led business, you'll see, at least in our industry, that Q4 to spike up. We've got great momentum coming out of sales. Q3 was a very strong quarter across the board for our sales and the pipeline is also very strong. So that's why we're so comfortable in the Q4 outlook.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, as we talked about, I mean, we're always looking for ways to be more efficient. The nice thing about our business, now that we've got a lot of our people services businesses out of our revenue, you're starting to see more of the leverage drop to the bottom line as we bring on more robust processing transactions. So while you're not going to see 400 basis points, you should expect to see, in both IFS and GFS good margin expansion in the coming years as we continue to consolidate data centers, as we continue to rationalize product. Frankly, as we continue to bring on more volume on these leverage deployments, all that's going to attribute to the bottom line, and the margin expansion.
Gary A. Norcross: It's a great question, David. Honestly, I just highlighted, in Q3, we saw a very nice result across the board out of the sales engine. We've had good resales result this year, but it's been lumpy. Certain segments have performed well one quarter and not the next, but balanced out. We've had good sales throughout the year. This quarter, we had good sales across the board. I think there's a lot of people looking to certainly make investments, especially in digital enablement. A lot of people are starting to push to modernize platforms. As we talked about in the past, would I be predicting a large tailwind from that for 2018. At this time, no, but I'm optimistic on some of the things we're seeing in the sales engines and seeing what we're seeing in the pipeline, but we'll continue to monitor a couple of quarters and then come back to you on it. My conversations at the executive level have been very positive and I think clients are definitely looking to figure out ways to get more efficient and actually drive more engagement with our clients and revenue. So that's a positive for FIS.
Gary A. Norcross: It looks good. It continues to perform very, very well. We've got to get – we talked about the next customers we sign will probably be Tier 2 in nature. We're working with several. We just got to get one of them across the line. And these are long sales processes, as you would expect, but I'm very confident that the team is going to get the next customer signed soon and we'll be bringing those on in 2018. But the growth rate of that business has been – performed very nicely with the two large anchor clients.
Gary A. Norcross: And obviously, Darrin, as you're seeing at a much higher contribution margin, profit margin on the EBIT line due to the divestitures.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. Let me start from the sales side and Woody can step in on the financial side. I mean we're very pleased with what we're seeing out of the growth rate in I&W. As we talked about, when we acquired former SunGard, we saw the opportunity to accelerate that growth rate by pulling the sales organizations out of the direct business lines and leveraging that sales organization to sell a broader product portfolio, cross-sell and up-sell to existing clients, and that strategy has played out very nicely. The teams executed very well. As you see every quarter, we're just highlighting some examples of where now we step from getting just cross-sell and up-sells of the individual products, we're now moving into bundling where we're bundling those products and accelerating that growth further. We're also starting to see some combinations where I highlighted, they were FIS capabilities and former SunGard capabilities coming together. So that's a long-winded answer to we're very pleased and we do think that the growth rate will continue to be strong for the next several quarters in the future, not only just based on sales success to-date, but also pipeline, pipeline quality and where the team is executing today.
Gary A. Norcross: I think as we've talked about on prior calls, we're pretty much in the early stage of that process. Frankly, when we originally did the SunGard acquisition, we saw a bigger opportunity of leveraging the ability to cross-sell and up-sell across the existing SunGard franchise clients and this bundling approach to really start deploying solutions. We saw that as the single biggest opportunity. Everything that would come out of leveraging a more holistic FIS relationship would just increase on top of that. But the team is doing an excellent job of really looking across the asset portfolio and coming up with interesting ways to bundle that. So we are starting to see pull-through on FIS to SunGard as well. We're doing something very interesting around a payment product that we've launched that came out of the corporate treasury solution that comes in to some of our clearing and payment capabilities. So there's interesting connections here that are really starting to drive value and get our clients' attention. So I think that will be the next wave, Brett, that you'll see us focusing on, but we're very pleased where we are with organic revenue growth regarding the former SunGard assets at this point in time, and it's certainly exceeding where we thought it would be at this point in time.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, keep in mind, when we talk about cloud-based computing for us, that's – while that will help improve our solution nimbleness, our security posture, our availability, which will translate into continued sales growth, the main driver for us by moving to cloud-based computing internally is to lower our overall cost structure and you're certainly seeing it contribute to the bottom line significantly. We talked about in the last investor update, one of the big areas of focus for us is to consolidate the number of data centers we have in North America down to a single-digit number, and the team is doing an excellent job on executing against that. So what our goal would be is to move all of our distributed systems that can run in a cloud, not all of them can, but the ones that can perform in a cloud, we want to get that moved to cloud-based computing and it's the vast majority of the applications we process today. So it's going to make a substantial impact to our bottom line and, frankly, has been a contributor already this year or over the last 18 months as the teams executed against that. We're focusing an application at a time in a little more responsible way of moving that. And as those applications convert into our cloud solutions, by nature, they're now being processed out of our strategic centers going forward. So it's worked out real well. We've got several more years to complete all of those consolidations, but it's going to be a meaningful contributor to the bottom line and will certainly help us compete in the open marketplace to drive the top line.
Gary A. Norcross: I think we've got a proven playbook on doing large transformational transactions. I'll answer the question the same way I always do. We have to find something that makes sense strategically. It has to bring a new product, a new capability to an existing market, break us into an adjacent market within financial services or both. Culturally, the firms have to be aligned so it has to make sense to get the combination done. But to Woody's point earlier, we certainly would be open to doing something transformational, but it would have to meet the criteria I just laid out. But if not, we're very comfortable in returning cash to shareholders through share buybacks and other means. So at this point in time, we're focused on getting our debt back in alignment. Woody talked about getting all of our prepayable debt paid off by the end of this year and then we'll just see if anything makes sense.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, Ashwin, you know the company very well. As we've always signed larger contracts, it's due to – especially in IFS, the majority of that revenue is on an outsourcing basis. So that comes on at a much larger size and much larger complexity than, say a traditional product sale. What's interesting is now you're starting to see more visibility into the GFS revenue stream and you're starting to see that recurring revenue line increase and not only increase, be tied to more IP-led solutions. And as more and more GFS, which is one of the reasons why we highlighted the large global bank in the prepared script, as more and more GFS now moves to outsourcing Software-as-a-Service, however, you want to define it, you're going to see – yeah, we are going to see much higher revenue contracts associated with that. Frankly, as part of doing business with FIS, you're going to get highly resilient systems and certainly a level of cyber and security that our customers see benefit in. But our continued contracts tend to be more application and product-focused leveraging our data centers, and we're going to see that trend continue. Balancing that in GFS where you start swinging from a licensed model to a processing model, that's something that will take multiple years to really have that pendulum completely swing. But just like we saw it in IFS more than a decade ago, you'll see that occurring in the GFS model over time.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. And George, I mean, as you think about, especially like in IFS, that risk-based consulting business we sold had been a headwind year-to-date for us. So we're also getting into a market where the comparables are cleaned up. The EMV has been a bigger headwind for us. Woody talked about some of the card production volumes. Those headwinds will start falling away, frankly, some of the tokenization work that was done in 2016. So we feel good about the growth rates in 2018.
Gary A. Norcross: My conversations, Damien, have been more around a wait-and-see, right? I mean I think a lot of people, we're starting to see some regulatory pullback, but other headwinds, people are just waiting and seeing and seeing the timing of that. While we're seeing some benefits, the timing has been very of like regulatory pullback, the timing has been very hard to predict. So I don't see people ramping up anticipated spend in anticipation of, say, tax reform, right. People are focused on running their business. They're focused on how to lower their total cost of ownership, focused on how to retain and attract new clients, and those are the consistent conversations we have. Granted if we saw some pullback, would that be a help, yeah. That would create some more discretionary spend and certainly an opportunity to get to the longer list of projects that our clients are trying to get to.
Gary A. Norcross: It's interesting. I just was over throughout Europe for an 11-day trip and I met with clients every day during that period, and obviously PSD2 was a very big topic in those conversations. I think people are very focused in hitting the date and hitting the compliance. I'd say certain clients are further along in that process than others. Certainly, for us at FIS, we've got a number of clients in market and we're certainly doing the things we need to do to meet the requirements, but everybody is focused on it. I do think that when you look at Europe in general, Woody and I have talked about it on prior calls, we've been a little disappointed in our sales performance in Europe over the past year or so, but we made some changes in our sales force. We've made some changes around go-to-market and how we're serving those clients, and I think that's going to reap some very nice results for us. So we expect our growth to perform better in Europe and there's a lot of opportunity to sell against those changes.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, no, absolutely it will. As you can expect, right, as you're porting these applications to our own cloud-based technologies, you're moving to a much more nimble, much more efficient architecture which it does increase speed to market with new capabilities, and I've been very pleased with how the teams responded to that. Obviously, that's a long journey, right, as you move these technologies to more cloud-based technologies, but it will absolutely increase our nimbleness. And our clients are already starting to see some of the benefit of that.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. No, your framing is very well done. As you would expect, right in the I&W, which is also the majority of the former SunGard, obviously, we've had just fantastic success in synergies in combining the two companies. So you would expect a lot of that margin contribution, and ongoing margins have fallen there. Also the I&W business is much more license-focused today. So as you would expect, the contribution margin of a license fee is much higher. But with that as a backdrop, we've done – the team has done an excellent job of raising the margins in B&P and GFS as well. So I don't want to construe it as it's all in I&W and nothing in banking and payments. When I look on a go-forward basis, I would say because you're going to see more license fees starting to swing to processing, all right, you're actually going to see a bigger opportunity for margin contribution and expansion in GFS to come out of the B&P side as we continue to execute against some of our strategies there, but it's going to be well balanced. And so in the long- term, GFS will certainly continue to accelerate margins faster than IFS. The question always comes up would we be able to get GFS margins to the IFS level? We don't think so. But just given the scale in certain countries, I mean when you look at IFS' overall scale in the U.S. on highly leveraged platforms, we don't think that that will get there, but we'll continue to push it as close to that as we can over time.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. It's a great question. India continues to be a very strong market for us. As most people on the call know, we turned our focus on India as a market several years ago, and the team has done an excellent job. It started out with a large payment solution that we rolled across more than 10,000 ATMs, but we've now moved that into core banking, we continue to see very nice growth in the core banking business. You now see us starting to roll out omnichannel capabilities in that country and more digital enablement. So India is, for the foreseeable future, going to continue to be a nice growth business. Obviously, some of the stuff going around with demonetization has caused some headwinds on some of our businesses, but it's also driven some benefit in some other areas. So the net of it is, when we look at India holistically, we continue to see it as a strong country for us and a strong growth, organic growth country for us and region, and we think it'll continue to be that way.
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you for your questions today and for your continued interest in FIS. In closing, I'd like to thank our loyal clients who depend on and trust us to keep their businesses running and growing every day. I'd also like to thank our leaders and our more than 53,000 employees for their hard work and dedication in serving our clients. It is because of our clients and employees that FIS continues to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.
