Gary Norcross: Yes. I think, David, we've been indicating that our sales are continuing to ramp up. You see this quarter, once again, 30% growth year-over-year on total contract value. So the sales engines are working very well. The market demand seems to be high for the products and services that we've been investing in over the last several years. And we think, as you know, it's a long sales cycle and then it's a long onboarding cycle. But we do think that projection to the future, very nice, strong, continued organic growth for FIS and for our existing businesses. So we feel good about where we are. We've had a great year last year in sales across multiple quarters, and that's led into Q1 as well. We've been signaling that on every call.
Gary Norcross: The response from our client base has been outstanding on the Worldpay combination. It was -- it's clear they see it as very complementary to FIS. They see the opportunity for us to innovate and extend and help them address unique ways to address the ever-changing payments landscape. Obviously, as we move forward to close, we'll be putting our -- getting our sales teams together in going to market as a combined company. But I would tell you, the early feedback from all of our clients has been enormously supportive. They see it as a very strategic combination. They see it as a great company and so they're excited about what this is going to -- how is this going help them compete in the future.
Gary Norcross: Yes. The sales team really did a great job in GFS this past quarter. When you look historically, we always have more in the forecast than what we expect that -- because obviously there's some always some slippage of transactions that incur between quarters. But really, the sales team stayed very focused and really closed pretty much everything that was scheduled to close in Q1 and it resulted in exceeding the plan and our expectations for the quarter. So they did a really good job as well, which, to Woody's point, gives us further confidence as we think about going into the remainder of the year with our revenue targets raised.
Gary Norcross: Yes. No, I think we continue to have good traction in Brazil. We got some good conversations. It's early. We're still sorting out the Brazil JV as we get that separated, there's some transition agreements that we're working on. But we're still bullish on the opportunities in Brazil. And with the Worldpay combination, we think that'll just further accelerate. So there'll be more coming on than that, Dave, but Brazil is a great market for us.
Gary Norcross: Well, yes, Darrin. I mean as we go through the regulatory approval process and the early release is an important milestone for us. We've able to -- we've been able now to start getting some of our groups together and really start building a bottoms-up plan, which gives us more confidence in, to Woody's point, shoring up some of the synergy timings and how they're going to flow. As you know, we've -- we take these combinations very seriously. Like a lot of people, we have a playbook that we like to implement and really work through the plans as we get the teams together. The cultural alignment has been very strong between the two companies, which is exciting to see. We both think about the markets in very similar ways. We think about clients and go to market in very similar ways. So it will just tell you all that collaboration and working together has allowed us to get more confidence around the synergy timings. And then we look forward, to your point, of closing in Q3 and then running as a combined company because we think there's just a lot of opportunities between our two companies when we put them together.
Gary Norcross: Yes. Well, I mean, I think Woody tried to cover some of that, Brett, in his prepared remarks. And as you know, we're operating as 2 separate companies today, so there's only so much that we can do with regards to revenue and really talking about how we'd go to market and some of those things. But we -- as we do talk across the operating units and we look across those opportunities, I think we're getting more and more comfortable that there are just some real opportunities where assets exist on either side of the company. So a Worldpay capability that we think could have strong applicability to push through, perhaps even through our mass enablement strategy, to the FIS client base and then vice versa. So those kind of fall in the easy bucket. We've pointed to some of the things around debit transaction volumes and how we think about perhaps routing those and some benefits. We talked about things around card personalization and we think there's some interesting opportunities there. Just Worldpay's ability to optimize our merchant portfolio. So as you think about it, there's just a number of things that either company has extensive capabilities in that we believe the broader client relationship and our ability to place those solutions across those broader products will help accelerate revenue for us in the short term. Then there's also a number of medium examples that we talked about and Woody highlighted in the script, where it will take some sales engagement, it will take some client interaction for people to really understand the value proposition. If you look at something as simple as loyalty as a currency, that's really a strong growth business for us and we don't have a lot of reach. I mean from a de novo launch, that now has a run rate of well over $30 million a year, which is not huge. But as you think about now deploying that across our more than 1 million merchants potential, we think there's a lot of opportunity there. And we're seeing a lot of adoption even with our limited exposure to merchants. So we think there's just opportunities like that as the company's combine that we're very confident there'll be a real revenue synergies. And this is not where we're going to go on building a capability on either side, these capabilities exist, it's just really about the extension in the global reach that's going to drive the acceleration. So all of those things just give us confidence as we look at where the growth is. Of course, we'll keep highlighting our accelerated growth, and we highlighted that all throughout last year. Quarter-on-quarter just very, very strong sales for us and execution. Q1 was another really strong sales quarter for both IFS and GFS. And so you'll continue to see the FIS base business accelerate. So all those give us confidence.
Gary Norcross: I think it really is just -- I wouldn't say it's a shot across the bow, that's not the intention. What I would tell you is what we're trying to show is, look, we're investing massive amounts of capital dollars and expense into data center consolidation on modern architectures and modern technology. And we've highlighted those stats, in last year over 50% of our compute was in the cloud. We focused on digital. We think it's important for our clients to see the benefit from that. So when you're traditionally looking on how this industry is built up, SLAs on disaster recovery or business recovery services are based on hours. I mean some instances they can be 24 or even 48 hours in some instances, and those are fairly standard across the industry. And for us, that's just not where the industry is today. The industries move very rapidly. And so what we're showing to our customers is we're -- we understand where the industry is today, we understand where the exception -- where the standards are today and we're going to move there and lead in that direction. So I think everybody is going to have to offer minutes with regards to recovery in the future. And being able to do that it really does just show not only are the benefits of cost we're getting because we're getting some nice run rate cost reductions out of consolidation, but we're getting some really nice step functions and availability that you just can't get in traditional deployments and traditional architectures. And so now establishing a timeline at 15 minutes, less than 15 minutes, we think is a substantial step. Honestly, that's going to accelerate from there. It's going to get less from there over time. And so we just think it's an important testament of where our modernization story is. And our clients were very excited about that shock that we would be willing to pass that on to whom. But we think it just shows an important commitment to the industry and where we're going.
Gary Norcross: Yes. No, look, I think it was a great quarter. I mean, honestly, it was a very clean quarter for us. The sales teams across the company executed exceptionally well. Just a lot of closings and demand coming out of our conference. We've got just honestly record pipelines coming out of our conference for follow-up. So I think the industry is -- so we're starting to see an increase in demand across where we've invested historically, which I think is great. So from your secular to cyclical, I think the industry strengthening. I think a lot of our larger clients, to be honest, that held on as long as they can, in some instances they probably have held on to their technologies too long. And we're just seeing a lot of demand and really large financial institutions that are starting to look for omnichannel digital deployment to really modernize their entire touch points with our customers. They're looking for ways to modernize their back office with state-of-the-art cloud computing and availability. And so it gives me real confidence that this is going to continue to benefit FIS. So I feel, as I said, really good about the quarter, really good about 2019 and really good about what we're seeing in our pipeline of growth and our demand for our solutions and services across the board.
Gary Norcross: Yes. Mass enablement is really not a product, it's more of a deployment methodology. Our ability to deliver solutions faster in market which has been a clear demand for our clients, how do they compete with not only the large money centers institutions, how do they compete with emerging fintechs, et cetera, et cetera, and frankly, how do they just meet the demand of their customers. And so the team did a very nice job really innovating around this ability to put capability in market in a much faster pace across hundreds, if not thousands, of clients. And that then, based on whatever product they slate for that deployment methodology, that then accelerates our revenue stream. But it will drive tens of millions of dollars for the IFS segment this year in new organic growth and that'll -- you'll continue to see that as a continuing increasing way for us to deploy and get new capabilities in market faster.
Gary Norcross: At this time, we haven't framed that out, George. Obviously, one of the benefits to both of our companies is we're a global provider of financial services. On a combined basis, we'll be approximately 30% of total revenues outside the U.S. We obviously see a tremendous opportunity for geographic expansion for Worldpay. We've talked about that when we announced the transaction, of really helping them break into new high-growth markets that they want in that could really accelerate that timeline by as much as 3 years. But I would tell you that we think the revenue growth across the board will flow pretty much in alignment with how our revenue splits. But more of that will come in the coming quarters as we get the -- once we get closed on the business, we'll certainly come back and give you some more granularity into that.
Gary Norcross: Look, I appreciate it. Yes, look, the team is doing a very nice job of making sure that we're taking advantage of various partnerships or investment in our technologies and modernization where it makes sense to drive our future growth. We don't really give granular details of what we're expecting out of those relationships. But what I would come back and tell you is the payment landscape is changing very rapidly. The need for real-time money movement, the need for cross-border, the need for alternative payment types is all very high. What I'm really pleased with the team is through their strategy, they're taking advantage of the various capabilities that exist in the market and allowing us to meet our client demands and needs. So we don't enter into relationships cavalierly if we don't see an opportunity. Or frankly, if we're not being pressed by our clients, we don't enter into that. So the relationship is going to be a good one. We're excited about it. It's an extension of what we have today. And we think that as payments continue to move around the globe and take on different form factors and different changes, that FIS will be the benefactor of that given our strategy in how we're approaching it.
Gary Norcross: Yes. I would tell you, over the last five quarters, given what we've seen going on in sales all throughout last year, we had the largest sales here in the history of the company last year. This quarter, another big quarter sales. And frankly, well, given our pipeline and given my personal ongoing conversations, and frankly, across the entire leadership team, their conversations, we're seeing a continuing acceleration in their desire to spend. As I commented earlier, I think many of our larger institutions, and frankly even community institutions around the world, have held on too long with their existing technologies and so there's a real sense of urgency that's been building. And I think you're seeing that in our sales results and seeing that in our accelerated growth. So I'm very optimistic that the next 18-plus months is going to be a real strong, positive tailwind for us with regards to demand and sales success.
Gary Norcross: Yes. Look, I mean, going on IFS, they just really had a great year last year in sales, really led into a strong Q1, Glenn. We saw it really across all major product lines, core and wealth continued to do very well, our payments business continued to operate on all cylinders, a lot of our back office capabilities. As you know, that segment specifically, it's all reoccurring in nature. I mean it's all a heavy SaaS model. But just continued strong demand. Sales team is executing well and the pipeline's strong. And just coming out of that conference, I would tell you, like everybody, we measure our leads coming out of conferences and we had over 3,000 people in attendance. The leads that came out of the conference are very strong year-over-year. And so I feel really good about where the IFS business is positioned. I feel really good about the contribution margins that the new sales are bringing online. Obviously, the implementation, as you know, the -- you do have anywhere from a 6- to 12-month implementation timeline as sales get closed. When I look at GFS, similar with demand, we're really starting to see, especially in the large bank market on the retail banking side where large regionals, frankly even global institutions have held on too long to their existing technology stacks, and they're really looking for cloud-native-type capabilities to gain the efficiencies out of the cloud that other industries have been able to take advantage of. And so we've got a lot of success and we highlighted some success in the prepared remarks around Digital One with some very large institutions. We're seeing a lot around our next-generation core banking platform and demand on that platform. As you move into the capital markets solution, just a really good, strong quarter. It does have some grow issues, as Woody talked about. I mean the movement from licensing to a SaaS model, that's an exciting long-term opportunity for us and we're seeing that with real high growth and reoccurring revenue up 40%. But then we have very strong, solid license sales as well. So -- and you'll continue to see some of that lumpiness as that business makes its transition. But the good news is very strong demand. And we even highlighted a regulatory change with consolidated audit trail. As you look at those kind of changes that are occurring, that plays into our solution capability that we built. And so I'd feel good about the spend environment for the industry. We're 5 quarters into some really nice sales results, and I think that's a good indicator for the next 18-plus months.
Gary Norcross: Thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing interest in FIS. We are pleased to start the year delivering very strong revenue, profitability performance and earnings growth. We entered 2019 with a robust pipeline and strong sales momentum and have continued to build on those strengths throughout the first quarter. Combined with our business model and consistent execution of our strategy, we are confident and have a clear line of sight into achieving our plan for the remainder of the year. A special thanks to our loyal clients who depend on us to keep their businesses running and growing every day and to our leaders and employees for their hard work and dedication in serving our clients. Thank you for joining us today.
James Woodall: Yes, David. If you think about us coming out of the first quarter and raising revenue guidance, typically, a little more conservative as one quarter doesn't normally make a year, so this should give you some color into the confidence level of our view on revenue for the year and the continued acceleration.
James Woodall: Yes. I think a couple of things. We had a couple of items that came in earlier in the year than we anticipated. Those couple of items helped to consolidate growth by about a point for the quarter. So if you adjust that amount, it'd be about a 4% grower. Certainly, we're excited to get those closed out and locked down for the year, so we're not having to worry about them for the rest of the year. But you will certainly see GFS grow and accelerate their growth throughout the remainder of the year as we talk about comps getting easier. So we feel good about it. We feel good about raising the bottom end of the guidance and we want to continue to execute over the course of the year.
James Woodall: I'll touch base on the EPS. And really, the market consensus estimates for Q2 are very close to our expectations right now, I'll say that. So I think the models are in pretty good shape, and I'll let Gary kind of touch base on the sales in Brazil.
James Woodall: Absolutely, Darrin. Probably is the missing piece of -- if you add models together as to what Worldpay's expectations were, what our expectations were and the timing around that, you probably had people that were missing 50 to 100 basis points of growth probably. That's primarily the reason for that delta. We're seeing accelerated growth on our side of the business.
James Woodall: Yes. First quarter specifically was more of a comp issue. Some of the other items we talked about in the last year in terms of moving from license to outsourcing are still going. Our recurring revenue sales were up 40% and that outpaced our nonrecurring sales, but we had a good nonrecurring sales quarter as well. But we do anticipate accelerating growth over the course of the year in I&W. And then that would be able to be in a more sustained model as those recurring sales smooth out some of the lumps that we've seen in the past there.
James Woodall: I'll give you some color on loyalty as a currency. That solution we anticipate to be just under $50 million for the full year 2019. It's growing at a rapid pace, about a 30% growth in this particular quarter. Mass enablement, a little more difficult due to granularity because it runs across a number of different areas and products, but just supplementally helps them in terms of their growth rates. But you should be seeing it flowing through all the subsegments within the IFS group primarily as when more of the mass enablement's done right now.
James Woodall: Yes. On the first comment, we do anticipate revenue for the remainder of the year to be in line with the guide we just gave you, which is 4% to 4.5%., so we do anticipate that. Do I believe it's a conservative guide? I do at this point given what we're seeing in the market. But it is only the first quarter, so I am a little bit conservative from that front. I think we wouldn't see any incremental reinvestment over and above what we were already been doing. We think we've been out investing the market in terms of data centers, in terms of modernization, in terms of innovation. So I don't think we would look for any accelerated reinvestment from where we are today, George, and I think that answers both of your questions.
James Woodall: That's a fair assessment of how we modeled it. Not here to give you 2020 guidance today, but that's a fair assessment as to how we model it.
