Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, Dave, that's a good question, and frankly, we don't know what the outcome's going to be and what the impact's going to be overall for FIS. As Woody talked about, we've been very conservative and assume that there'll be no impact. We do believe that if some regulatory reform did occur, that you could see some improvement in IT spending in financial institutions, but also keep in mind the nature of our sales cycles, the nature of our implementation windows, you really wouldn't start seeing any of that impact really until 2018. But we're going to continue to monitor it but, at this point in time, we haven't seen any impact.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, I've met with a number of CEOs over the last quarter and actually already into this year, and I will say that there is a genuine sense that the CEOs are getting more confident in the execution of their business and the profitability of their businesses. Obviously, with that, you do hope that that would turn to increasing spend towards IP-led type solutions, deployment. You still have the same need, though, that they still have to continue to lower their cost, improve their overall efficiencies, even in an expanded net interest margin environment. So once again, all these things would be good things that would indicate and push towards the – not only the end of 2017, but into 2018 if we start seeing the results of that. Q4 was our largest sales quarter of the year. We talked about that. We've got good pipeline coming into this year, so a number of these things will be attributable, but as I said, those things, even after you book them, you start seeing the revenue after implementation, which is typically a 12-month, give or take, period.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. Our percentage guide on EPS, Ashwin, we feel very, very comfortable with, but obviously, now that we've sold or divested that business then that number wouldn't participate in that growth percentage. But we're very comfortable with the ranges we gave in May and, frankly, very comfortable with the underlying business and how it's operating. When you look at the sales pipeline, you look at the sales closures, you look at the concentration now, and the increase of the percentage of revenue that's highly recurring, it just gives us a lot of confidence, not only going into this year, but in our long-term guidance we've provided.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, we talked a little bit about it, Tien-Tsin, but yeah, no, it's a very competitive environment. We're seeing record levels of money flowing into new start-ups, new disruptors. And frankly, we're competing very effectively with them. If you look throughout 2016, we had a very strong year. We got a very strong pipeline. We were just trying to point out the fact that you are dealing with a very competitive market, frankly, across IFS and GFS. There's a lot of technology innovation going on. Certainly, we talked about what we're doing with our private cloud to address some of that, not only our cost structures, which allows us to compete effectively and grow. But in IFS, you've got a further issue with consolidation. So, we want to give a balanced view of what the market is and a balanced view is you've got consolidation in IFS, you've got strong competition across both segments, but when you look at our guide, our long-term guide, we're very comfortable with it. When you look at our earnings per share percentages, as Woody talked about, we're very comfortable with it. So, we've got the portfolio necessary to compete in the market, but we're going to have to continue to drive our innovation in a similar manner. And one of the things Woody highlighted in the deck is our 6% to 7% of revenue back investment into the products and to new innovations, and that's going to continue.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, no, we're kind of fortunate in how we structured a lot of our ATMs. A lot of our ATMs are tied to more of a flat fee approach on deployment, and so we don't have as much transaction exposure on it. So, it really had very minimal impact to us. We have now converted well over 90% of all of our ATMs for new currencies. So frankly, it's been business as usual for us this quarter, so we really didn't see much exposure at all on that.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, on the Brexit front, certainly, I wouldn't say we're seeing a massive tailwind on our consulting business with related to Brexit. I will say that our European consulting group has performed very well, and we continue to see growth there. We still – the opportunity for that to be a tailwind certainly exists, but I wouldn't tell you that we're attributing Brexit as a major growth engine for us in 2017.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, Joe, we started on this journey, as we've talked about a number of times. I mean FIS has a very clear playbook that we like to execute on these large transformational acquisitions. That takes us about two years. At the end of two years, what we would tell you is by then the companies are so integrated it's really hard to determine what is truly based on synergies and what are just operating efficiencies that our teams continue to drive in. So, we're really halfway through the process at this point in time. 2016 was an outstanding year from an integration standpoint. We raised guidance on our synergies twice in 2016. Frankly, at the time we started this, we thought there were $200 million of synergies. Over two years, we got that in year one on an exit rate, as Woody talked about. We just raised it again now to we think we'll exit 2017 with $275 million. So, we've got roughly 11 months to go here, left on where we're really focused on what I would say executing our plans and playbook, and then it'll just become part of the operating unit. But we're very focused on it. We think there's a lot of opportunity. I think I've shared on prior calls, this has been the best combination we've been through as a company. The teams have come together very well. The cultures have come together very well. The clients have been very receptive. We're actually starting to see some nice cross-sell and upsell across the existing SunGard base. Frankly, we've talked about where they had not pooled their products up under common sales forces to get cross-sell and upsell of their own solution suite. I highlighted a couple of those on the call today. So, 11 months ago, but I would tell you, we're very confident in continuing to integrate this company, and the teams are very focused to continue to discover opportunities to get cost out and operate more efficiently and drive value back to our shareholders and also to our clients.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, well, we're trying to help everybody kind of understand the new norm in our product portfolio mix. When you really look at the Institutional/Wholesale side, it's always going to have a strong quarter in Q4. And that's very traditional with license businesses. You've got people wrapping up their budget years. They're wanting to sign on and license products and get projects kicked off so that they can then get deployed throughout the next year. So, you'll always see Q4 being a heavier weight on Institutional/Wholesale. Frankly, we saw it across the board in that group. I mean very strong production out of the asset management group, out of a lot of our risk and compliance solutions. So, we're just very pleased with where that revenue flowed in, and frankly, the results of the team. I think some of it is we are starting to get cross-sell and upsell across the SunGard portfolio, which would push that growth rate a little higher. The leadership team has done excellent. The sales team consolidating that. We've got a fantastic sales leader over that group and really driving the team appropriately. So, it really came in as expected, but from that standpoint, with regards to the quarter, but it was across all the major business lines.
Gary A. Norcross: The business, as I talked about earlier, Jim, the business really does run. It's got a seasonality effect to it. So you'll see the quarters of I&W behave very much like they did last year. We did have a very large license fee on a renewal in Q1 last year. You won't see that repeat. But that's just due to timing of the renewal. Frankly, the business, the pipelines are very strong, but expect the seasonality in this business to follow very similar to what you saw in 2016. So once again, this year we'll have a very large Q4, heavily weighted around license fees, which is traditional in the business, but the other quarters will follow pretty much in alignment with last year's.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, Dan, just to build on that. I mean you're really seeing consolidation run 5% to 6% per year, no de novo activity. We've only had two de novos, what, since 2010. So, you really have no additional customers coming in. The new disruptors – I want to be careful about that – we're not seeing an increased level of competition in 2017 that we didn't see in 2016. So, the reality is we do, as we've talked about for years, see pricing compression in this segment, but I would tell you when you look at our guide for 2017, there really is no material changes in expectations from our standpoint. We're not materially seeing increased competition over 2016 or increased pricing compression. We're also not seeing a decline. We haven't modeled the decline in compression. And as we talked about in May that just naturally pushes IFS to the lower end of that range we gave. We think the guide says, as Woody said, conservative for the year because, frankly, we want to make sure that we have something we're very comfortable in meeting. But we haven't seen any material shift in it but it is the fact. That's what's going on in the industries right now.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. Now, in 2017, certainly, let's answer your first question, we believe we've got the strongest solutions suite in the industry, in both Retail Banking Payments and Institutional/Wholesale. So, we're very confident in the capability. Frankly, the sale of public sector, we disclosed that as we were pulling together the SunGard acquisition. We said we're going to look at our non-strategic assets and see if we can find a more strategic home for those assets because they don't fit in the company, so that's just us following a very focused strategy and deployment. When we look around, are there going to be some tuck-ins that need to be occur? Frankly, we don't have those on the whiteboard at this point. We see some investment that we're making in our products. I highlighted the stuff we're doing around our private cloud deployment that's going very well. We also have very, very strong growth in our digital capabilities. Some of our next generation payment capabilities as highlighted with BP are doing very well. But even in our traditional businesses, we continue to sign and take share. So, we're very comfortable with our product suite. We're very comfortable where we compete. And so, 2017, we're going to look to repeat what we did in 2016 with that and sell very aggressively in the market.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. To add, as far as on the consulting business, as we talked about, George, in prior remarks, very comfortable with the leadership team, very comfortable of the refocus back towards transformational consulting engagements going very well. Certainly, as we talked about on prior calls, that business will continue to grow in alignment with FIS's numbers going forward so very complementary to our solution set, engaging them in opportunities where we also have product penetration, and that's working very well.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, Ramsey, it's a good question. We've talked about it a lot. Certainly, we wanted to isolate our non-strategic businesses for our investors so they could get some transparency around it. What remains in that business is our former – our Certegy Check business, which we all know what's going on with the declines around checks, especially at the point of sale. You've also got a global commercial services business, which is really just IT infrastructure sales, both of them a non-strategic force at this time. In a perfect world, if there was a valid divestiture to be had, certainly, we would do that. But we're also, at FIS, we're not going to make a bad business decision. Frankly, we've got good leadership over both of those groups, very focused on serving the clients. And so, they'll deal with the macro issues that they're facing very effectively. But if there was an opportunity that presented itself and it made financial sense, we absolutely would consider it.
Gary A. Norcross: Pure play, holiday play. You always see a bump in Q4 around the holidays because you see some volumes come in and nothing more than that.
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you for joining us today, for your questions and your continued interest in FIS. We are very pleased with our results, concluding a very strong year of performance and earnings growth. We had a solid pipeline heading into 2017, and we are confident in our strategy and our business model. This provides us continued belief in our ability to consistently execute and deliver tangible value to both our clients and shareholders. Thank you to our loyal clients who depend on and trust us to keep their businesses competitive every day. Thank you also to our FIS leaders and our more than 55,000 employees around the globe for their hard work and commitment. It's because of them that FIS continues to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.
James Woodall: Yes, that sits in the Corporate and Other segment. It was a commercial services customer, David. The impact to consolidated organic growth is about a point with a combination of that loss and declining check volumes in that segment. The IFS and GFS segments were not affected by this. Again, their growth being in line with what we talked about back in May. And there was a relatively small term fee associated with the transaction.
James Woodall: Yeah, a couple of things. One, I tried to highlight the components of what's driving it. Of the 300 basis point reduction, about 1 point or 100 basis points is really driven by the accounting change in stock comp, where everybody should get some level of benefit there. 200 points is really driven off of tax planning strategies and lower rate geographies. It can continue to go down in the current environment, as we continue to work through tax planning strategies, and as our international revenue base continues to grow.
James Woodall: Yeah. You've got three moving parts around reported to organic. You've got the $9.2 billion base you're talking about. If you remember, we had a deferred revenue acquisition adjustment around SunGard of about $200 million. We've got expectations of around $75 million of currency impact being a negative, and then the PS&E sale being about 3 points and that would drive you from reported of 1% to 2% to organic of 2% to 3%.
James Woodall: Yeah. As we talked about in May, we really gave 3% to 7% organic revenue guide over the horizon, with 13% to 18% earnings per share growth. I would not anticipate changing that guide. We do have an adjustment associated with PS&E. But the individual earnings per share growth per year we think is very close to that. If you adjust out PS&E this year, you're in 12% to 16% underlying growth in the business.
James Woodall: Yeah, if you remember specifically, we tried to give you an implied number associate, but we're trying to give percentage growth over that horizon. It will be difficult to get to that full $4.70 number, Ashwin, with the sale of PS&E, but we do anticipate in that 13% to 18% EPS growth.
James Woodall: It will be difficult to get to a $4.70 number with the sale of PS&E. The growth, we believe, will be in the 13% to 18% range for 2018.
James Woodall: Yeah, the $850 million was a gross number on the proceeds. We ended up with a net number of around $500 million. What that read-through is that you had very little tax basis...
James Woodall: in the PS&E assets through SunGard and our tax-free acquisition of SunGard. So, you ended up having a tax bill associate with that. Beyond that, we're prepaying all our prepayable debt in 2017, combination of PS&E proceeds, as well as free cash flow, and then anticipate continuing to have additional cash to be able to use for other purposes later in 2017.
James Woodall: If you go into the tax rate, Brett, if you go back to May, we looked at the bridge of earnings growth over the next couple of years. The tax rate was a component of that. We're just getting it a little faster than we anticipate. And to your comment with regard to revenue growth, we wanted to make sure we put together another conservative guide that we felt very comfortable being able to meet or exceed.
James Woodall: We don't have a specific one. We talked about in May, if you look back to the guide, we talked about in May, what would drive to the lower end of the 3% to 6% and what would drive you to the higher end of the 3% to 6%. Continued higher levels of consolidation would drive you towards the lower end and that's where we're at. We're still at a high level of consolidation and there's very little to no de novo activity in the marketplace.
James Woodall: I think the broader commentary is really going to be around continued consolidation. You've seen IFS running in the lower end of that for a few years. We've got some tailwinds specifically this year in EMV and the people-based project. But we think that that lower end, that 3% to 4% zone, is where you're at really given consolidation being the broader driver there.
James Woodall: Yes. You had a people-based services project in IFS that was completed in the third quarter that won't recur in the first quarter. You've got accelerated EMV growth in first quarter of 2016 that will be a difficult grow over in 2017, and we had a large license renewal in the I&W, the Institutional and Wholesale Group, and global trading that will not recur in the first quarter. Those are the three biggies that are headwinds for Q1.
James Woodall: I'm glad you asked the question because I think I actually misspoke to on Ashwin's question. I want to make sure we've got it clear. This year we've got a $4.15 to $4.30 range I just outlined. We believe we can grow that 13% to 18% in 2018, which I still think that collective will imply $4.65, $4.68 to almost $5.00. That guidance has stayed intact. What I was trying to isolate was PS&E around the original guide would be difficult. But our range of $4.15 to $4.30 should grow 13% to 18% in 2018, to be clear. I think I misspoke earlier. I'm glad you asked the question to clarify.
James Woodall: Yeah, the reported number, $9.2 billion, $9.241 billion is the base to grow off of. Again, you have got three moving parts. You've got the sale of PS&E of about 3 points negative. You've got our deferred revenue acquisition adjustment from the SunGard acquisition, and then we've got about a $75 million expected headwind from FX. So, you definitely got that right in terms of your base there.
James Woodall: Yeah, we tried to add some color around the commentary. We believe we'll be able to prepay all our prepayable debt in 2017 and still generate excess cash flow that in late 2017 and into 2018, we could be buying back shares.
