Gary A. Norcross: Yes, let me -- Ashwin, this is Gary. Let me hit these, and then the guys can add anything they want. The BMO one, the check imaging deal was incremental. That was a new win for us. And we've obviously got substantial presence in the check imaging business, and so that's a very nice win by the team in North America, selling that product to BMO. Sainsbury is doing very well. We're still in the process of finalizing the agreements, but as we announced last quarter, we're actively already engaged into, with the client on deployment. And that bank will be ramping up throughout 2014, and they're already paying for the services that we're providing to them on the professional services front. So Sainsbury is going very well from a project standpoint, implementation standpoint and even sales standpoint. You also highlighted the India ATM business. That project is going very well. I was over there earlier this year. I'm scheduled to go back over there in the next month. But that project is progressing on target, on budget, on schedule. So we're very pleased with the results, and we're starting to see, obviously, some of the results of these projects flow through the financial results of our International business. The eftpos deal just got signed, so it's just getting started, but once again, will be a very significant project once we get that fully deployed throughout 2014.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, we'll certainly talk and provide guidance for 2014 at the start of next year, but we do believe that our total contract value metric that we follow internally is a good indicator of our sales engine, and we do look for that sales engine to push more sales results than the prior year. And as you would expect, that's a good contributor force for the future. These contracts come on in different timeframes. Some of the projects are longer in nature, and some of them are short, like the BMO license deal on the check imaging. So we'll provide guidance early next year, but we think the sales engine is performing very well in the market.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, I think that's right, Brett. I mean, when you look, I mean, obviously, we said very early on, when you start looking at replacing M&I, it's going to come on in a number of different forms and a number of different areas, whether we highlighted some of the international success of India ATMs in Sainsbury, but frankly, even some of the electronic delivery channels that I highlighted in my prepared remarks. When you look at the volume adoption there as well, those products come on at very high margins as they can continue to grow. So to Woody's point, there's going to be a different mix, but we're very comfortable with our guidance for the future, and obviously, we'll be sharing more about that in 2014.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. No, we're going to try to stay away from individual deals. It would be considered in our pipeline a very large transaction for us, but it is smaller than the India ATM transaction. But it's definitely a very noteworthy signing for us in Australia.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, right now, yes, I think for the foreseeable future, as Woody said, I think we do believe we can. The joint venture is bigger than just Bradesco, but all of our partners continue to operate well in that market. Payments are growing very, very rapidly. As we all know, we've got the World Cup and Olympics coming. So there's a lot of big catalysts that we think will further propel the payments market for us. And so we do, we feel good about Brazil. And all indicators are across the board for us in that market is we're not going to see a significant impact in the foreseeable future.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, as we talked about in the past, David, check imaging, this is one of those businesses that you wouldn't get into in 2013, but we've been in it for a substantial amount of time. And frankly, our leadership in that group has done a phenomenal job. We actually saw growth in our processing business as well, just not the large software license deal. And as we talked about in the past, what's occurring is the volumes continue to drop in financial institutions, and they're now across the board getting to a level where people are looking to outsource that. And so our sales success has been strong in that market. Obviously, our leverage and scale is very, very strong as well. So it comes on at good revenues and good profit for us. So we think it's going to continue for a couple of years at least with being a positive contributor.
Gary A. Norcross: And that's as much as we're also bringing on new customers all the time in that business. So it's a combination of those 2 things impacting those numbers.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, on Capco, we continue to execute very, very well. Our consulting business, both in U.S. and Europe, it continues to perform at double digits. The engagement in the global financial institutions, as I've talked about in my prepared remarks, I mean, we're really continuing to see great traction around consulting. So we're very pleased with Capco. We're very pleased with what's in our pipeline, and frankly, some of the results we've already had through some signings there. So Capco is continuing to be a great performer for us over the last couple of years. When you look at MCX, MCX continues to grow very well. I mean, we highlighted the Money 2020 conference, there was a lot of activity around MCX at that conference as well. We talked about the new signing of the call center business, which augments our prior signing with them. So our relationship continues to expand. And we think there's still good potential for that engagement in the long term to generate some meaningful revenue and profit for FIS.
Gary A. Norcross: We're leaving that up to them. I mean, they're in control of their timeframe. We're doing some work for them as we speak, and so -- but we're going to leave it up to them to roll out the timeframe for deployment.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, that was kind of the point I was going to make, Darrin. I mean, we use the term consulting to reference Capco. But the reality is what we've done over the last couple of years, the team's done an excellent job, while consulting is still a component, longer-term professional services, longer-term project work is becoming a broader and broader component of their book. So it gets -- it becomes a little less lumpy when you think about those, because those projects can spread 12, 18, 24 months. And then as Frank said, as we start getting into some of the change sourcing areas that we've announced in prior quarters, those are multi-years. So just like everything we've done traditionally over the years, as we've had a lot of businesses that will have lumpiness in their revenue line and we try to move those to a more reoccurring model. International is a great example of that. We've seen that at Capco. And then to Woody's point, when we think about the professional services on the FIS side, that's really wrapped around our FIS product. So it really is part of -- we've had professional services engagements that have been going on for 10 years because it's just part of delivering that product into our service for that financial institution. So we feel very good about managing the discretionary side of Capco at this point in time, as I've said, each becoming a smaller percentage of the overall revenue.
Gary A. Norcross: We really didn't. We watched that very closely as you would expect, but no, we didn't see any impact.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, I think as we talked in the past, and we continue to see that steady recovery, when you look outside of the U.S., really all of our geographic regions are doing very well. We're seeing a different demand depending on the region for the type of product and/or service that's being driven. But we continue to see good, steady recovery. Frankly, a lot of the areas in international or outside of the U.S. that are still having problems, we really don't do much in those particular countries. Then when we get into U.S., we continue to see strong growth in the large financial institution space and the global financial institution space, good interaction. Certain community markets, community bank markets, some areas of the country are actually getting down to the individual financial institutions. Some of those are performing better because they've just -- they've weathered through the market crisis better than others. But across the board, as you said, we're seeing good, strong demand and good, strong signings by the sales team.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, well, I mean, it's a good question. And honestly, the answer to that question depends on the type of institution and the size of the institution you're dealing with. Clearly in the community markets in the U.S., we're really not seeing a material change in our competitors, and it's been very consistent in our go-to-market strategy and our interaction with those competitors. As you get into the large financial institution space, especially in the global financial institution space, you're going to get into a different breed of competitor altogether. It typically is either going to be in-house developed or it could be other large consulting services firms, some of the large offshoring firms. So there's a very different mix of competitors in that space. Frankly, when we get over in international, I would say it's probably more heavily weighted towards in-house developed than even some of the other larger consulting firms. But the quick answer is it all depends on the size of the institution and the type of service that we're discussing with them.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, I would say we're seeing very good win rates in the deals we're pursuing across all of our markets. We'll still get frustrated from time to time because we won't participate in a deal for some reason. And we still lose some from time to time. But all in all, given the strength of our pipeline, frankly, given the strength of our signings year to date, we feel good about our sales team's execution.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, no, it's a great question. We're seeing a little bit of all of the above at the moment. We have met with clients in the last 30 days that are charging a lot. They are charging and actually doing quite well with adoption and penetration, found customers who are pursuing a different path, where they're providing it as a service to their clients, to move some volume out of their more expensive channels. So I do think that the consumer is going to push mobile and some of these new transformative mobile channels, and so the result of that is financial institutions, like a lot of things that they've done historically around, charging for certain types of accounts or certain services, they're going to slowly move towards some type of a way to monetize that channel. And I think that it continues to be a consistent trend.
Gary A. Norcross: Absolutely. I mean, we've been paid for years for channels that they've given away as part of their competitive advantage. People don't charge to walk into a branch, and we sell products and services for branch automation every day. And so whether a client charges for a particular channel or not won't have any issue around our pricing or our ability to grow that business.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, I think there's a couple of things going on here. I mean, first, we've talked about it over the last several years. Our breadth of solution offering allows us to be able to sell into the financial institution given where they are prepared to spend money. So when you look at FIS, there's no one in the industry that has a broader product suite and a broader service mix than FIS. And so we get to capitalize in our sales cycle based on where the current project or current focus area is for a financial institution. So that is one backdrop. So if you want to call that being in the sweet spot, then we certainly will take that. But it's really back to the breadth of solution. When you look at some of these signings, that's why I had to mention multiple competitors in the earlier question. There's not a class of competitor out there that has everything that we have to offer, and therefore, we can maximize that in our sales channels. There's also -- keep in mind, Tien-tsin, these are mission-critical applications and services. You have to offer these type of services for the financial institution to operate. And so the debate here is not whether you're going to offer mobile or whether you're going to offer wallet or whether you're going to offer some type of other change-sourcing service. The question is when are you going to offer that. And so it's up to us to make sure that we've got the best solution in those areas and the most integrated solution and can drive the most benefit, to Frank's earlier comment.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, I think it is. I think we're seeing the benefit of being able to engage early on in the consulting. This is obviously more of a global financial institution comment or a large financial institution comment. But it's allowing us the ability to really get engaged on the front end when financial institutions are trying to diagnose the problem, right, and what the solution is to that problem. And that typically leads into professional services around project and program management and selection and deployment. And we've seen, through some of our announcements in recent quarters, that's now resulting in long-term services engagements. You're also seeing it over on our product side as well. A lot of the larger financial institutions, as they came through 2008, they froze their spend. And so as they've recovered and as they've started to invest, you're now seeing them turn to FIS, to invest in services around the FIS products they have to deploy to get them up to speed. We talked about Barclays earlier. That's a big move for Barclays, to move from a solution that they hadn't upgraded in a number of years up to our latest release. And so that will drive -- that's a long-term project. It will drive a lot of services and a lot of results for FIS as part of that.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, no, we'll be taking them to a more modern switching software, more modern switching solution. And so they'll get some very strong benefits from that. But there would be absolutely an ongoing processing relationship.
Gary A. Norcross: I think it's still a little too far out. The quick answer is we've not seen any material change. I mean, we're having a lot of discussions with clients about that. But as we've shared in the past, typically any type of regulatory inflection historically has always meant good things for FIS. So any change is a -- promoting work for us, either around professional services, product deployment, processing, et cetera, but it's still a little too far out.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, no, it's a great question. Certainly a lot of our merchant business is in there. A lot of our prepaid business sold to non-financial institutions is in there. Our government and tax business is in there. So the way we look at it, we continue to push payment products in those particular segments. I don't think you should see any kind of meaningful change in the percentage of the overall revenue of the company. In fact, I think some of the areas like International could continue to outgrow a number of those areas. But it's still a very good business for us. It allows us to leverage our processing scale. It also allows us to leverage our payment solutions in those markets. And the team is doing a good job executing in those groups.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, no, Dan, we've got a full suite of solutions that are not only dealing with workflow but dealing with automation around a lot of the channels and the interoperability of those channels. And so we continue to sell our products and services in those particular areas. But back to my comment earlier about the breadth of our product suite, really, when you start getting into a retail commercial banking environment, there's really not a product and/or service that we don't offer in that space today. And having good success and sales around and some of the things around workflow and loyalty and some of the active analytics comments I've talked about in the prepared remarks, all of that kind of ties together in some of the stuff we're doing around branch automation.
Gary A. Norcross: No, we're trying to give you some insight. I mean, clearly some of the deals that we're highlighting are very large in nature, and we continue to see the growth in our pipeline of these very large deals. So that has been a significant change for us over the last several years, and I think that is the benefit of bringing Capco into the company, but also just the investments we're making around, even at FIS in the larger bank market. And so these results -- some of these deals we're highlighting are very large by our definition.
Gary A. Norcross: The nice thing about a lot of these is it's good project work. It's good processing work. It's really right in our sweet spot around products. So we think we'll continue to see good margin expansion in these areas. So other than -- we continue to ramp up people around some of our professional services, but it comes on at good margins for us all in all. So we're pleased with these signings.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, we continue to work on that. We continue to deploy that across certain payment types. And the team continues to make advancements around that. So we're comfortable. You're right. I mean, we want to now move it now into results, right. We've signed up a lot of customers. We've got to continue to build scale through that channel. But we're in good shape, and the team has done a good job of building out the capabilities in PayNet.
Gary A. Norcross: We fundamentally believe, from a wallet standpoint, the wallet does need to be branded by a financial institution, right? And so we offer a very robust wallet solution that allows our banks to do just that, all right, that allows us to, allows them to brand their wallet under their name. I think a lot of people get caught up in wallet today. It's kind of the chicken or the egg scenario. And so some people are waiting on what they're going to do with their wallet strategy, waiting for it to be acceptable at the point of sale. I think that's what's very interesting about our Cardless ATM Cash Access product that we rolled out at investor update and then again at Money2020. Our message is -- and that's using the FIS wallet branded by the financial institution, our message is simple, is you need to start getting into this business and start training your customers to go to your wallet, because when it is available and readily acceptable at the point of sale, you want to go into that wallet for acceptance. So we think that's the right strategy with our financial institutions. It resonates well. We continue to be very financial institution focused. When you think about MCX, keep in mind, we're building all the rails and back-office support systems on MCX. And so it's key for us, as we've shared very early on is that allow the financial institutions to engage through that network, and we continue to work with MCX to make sure that happens.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, we do. We believe that the MCX signing is a very strategic relationship for us. Of course, MCX has to be successful, and that remains to be seen. But as we shared on the last call, it's certainly a very well-funded initiative by a very large group of -- a consortium of large retailers. But as they work through their standards, as they work through their rules, we do believe -- and frankly, based on the fact that we're building out all the behind-the-scenes rails for MCX and doing a lot of back-office services, we believe that fundamentally does give us a good position to work with them in the future with our technologies and to benefit our financial institutions.
James W. Woodall: But Ashwin, to restate the obvious, right, the more of the larger deals we get signed and sort of in our backlog, the better visibility we have into our revenue growth in the out-year.
James W. Woodall: Yes, I think we tried to kind of give you some color around that last quarter and this quarter on that. We had a large de-conversion last year, so we had processing through the third quarter last year around that, as well as services connected to the de-conversion. We also had a full ramp-up of another global commercial services deal in the third quarter. So it had some pretty challenging comps in the third quarter. Tried to give you guys some color around that. I think it's more short term in nature than long term in nature.
James W. Woodall: Yes, no shift in the BMO termination fee. That $40 million and the timing of that $40 million is exactly what we've been talking about for a number of quarters now.
James W. Woodall: Yes, good question. I think a couple of things. One, we have been talking and seeing a good bit of change in mix. We continue to see less and less software sales as a part of our overall revenue composition compared to the relative size of professional services. Those professional services are adding overall growth in revenue and producing good profit dollars, but they don't come on at the same margin rate as the processing dollars. So we've seen sort of some expectation around the lower end of our range there. Those term fees come on at 100% margin, so they're challenging to replace that profit. But we have seen very good growth in professional services. We've seen very good growth in a number of our different new innovative type services. So we feel really good about the revenue side of the equation for next year. Margin, we continue to look at cost every year. We continue to make sure we take a turn at the dial and get as efficient as possible every year, and we'll give further guidance in 2014. But we feel good about the profile we've laid out for you guys, that sort of 4-year profile on 4% to 7% revenue growth and 30 to 50 basis points of margin expansion. So we're still hanging on that guidance.
James W. Woodall: Yes, I think as we talked about full color on international, we saw double-digit organic growth in all regions. And that would be Asia Pacific, Europe, as well as Latin America. Looking at the rest of Latin America outside the joint venture, we saw very significant growth and saw double-digit growth in overall Latin America, including right at double-digit growth in the joint venture. We continue to see good adoption there. We continue to see additional services and add-ons there. So very pleased with how the venture continues to perform. We wouldn't change any of our outlook. We continue to believe we're going to get double-digit growth out of that entity for the foreseeable future, Dave.
James W. Woodall: So Dave, if you go back the last couple of quarters, we had seen the rate of decline in that business beginning to slow. And we said a couple of quarters doesn't necessarily make a trend. Even if you pull the licensing deal out, that rate of decline continues to slow. So we've got 3 quarters in a row of good performance out of that business unit.
James W. Woodall: Well, first, remember this year had about 100 basis points of headwind from the BMO de-conversion. So looking at it in a more normalized view, we were more than that 4% to 5% already. If we continue to see the larger transformation deals, we continue to see heavy consulting. But these larger transformative deals could definitely accelerate growth for us.
James W. Woodall: Yes, we saw some higher license fees in the third quarter than anticipated. We had kind of planned for, for full year, but think they may have flowed into the third quarter. We have, had seen a little higher termination fees in the course of the year, as well as through the third quarter, so we had a couple of higher-margin items that we had sort of planned for full year that flowed into Q3 versus Q4, Glenn.
James W. Woodall: Well, overall still, looking at the guidance, we kind of moved up to 4% to 5% on the revenue side of it, but we don't anticipate having that same level of licensing in the fourth quarter.
James W. Woodall: Yes, if you go to Payments, I think the ones we called out are the areas we continue to expect growth out of. I would tell you they come on at margins at or above overall company margins. So those revenue dollars are very high-quality revenue dollars, and we're excited about the growth in those areas. We're also seeing pretty good growth out of bill pay still, continue to see growth there, which is obviously good margin business as well. Moving to FSG, we've seen professional services, both in the Capco consulting dollars, but also in what I call sort of the traditional FIS consulting dollars. The traditional FIS consulting dollars are less discretionary. And if you look over the past several years, including through the financial crisis, those type services are ones that are more mission critical to the institutions. The consulting dollars are in fact that. They may be more discretionary, but as the institutions have come out and started looking forward again, how to repair brand, how to improve customer experience, how to reduce cost in their business models. We continue to see a lot of activity with the Capco group and the expertise those guys have in that area.
James W. Woodall: Yes, the BMO term fees were about $40 million, 70% first half of the year, 30% in the back half of the year, no shift in that timing at all. We did see a little bit of additional term fees in the quarter, as well as some licensing fees in Q3. And that's what kind of was favorable to the mix this quarter. That was probably -- the licensing fees were -- we anticipate a pull forward from Q4.
James W. Woodall: No, it wasn't materially above where we already guided to. We have the BMO number already in there. We had one other small term fee in there. But obviously, we're down to splitting hairs at this point. You're talking about something that's basis point of growth. I mean, you're not looking at a significant item for overall growth. The overall growth in the quarter was very solid across all markets.
James W. Woodall: And Tien-tsin, to follow up a little bit on that, too, one of our tenets is being able to offer our services and that reduced cost for the institution.
James W. Woodall: So as they look to us, it's helping them in that model of reducing discretionary spend and reducing cost in their overall business model.
James W. Woodall: Well, I think we were a little cautious on the improvement in the check-related businesses for a couple of quarters. We are seeing good results out of that group and some of the things we've done there and the team's working very well there. So I feel a little better on that front. We're still seeing bill pay a little ahead of plan, so seeing good visibility there. Some of the license fee, again, might have been a little bit of a pull forward. But we're feeling pretty good about where Payments is heading.
James W. Woodall: No, that's really one we just wanted to make sure you guys picked up on that. We did include that in our overall plan. We weren't sure of the timing of when we would actually be able to liquidate the investment, but it ended up coming through in the third quarter. So no, nothing specific.
James W. Woodall: Well, I mean, I think you can do the math, right. If you look at what we were describing, as sort of low end of 30 to 50 basis points, at 40 through the first 9 months of the year, so I'm not really sure what's in your model, but you can kind of do the math and back into it from there. Net-net, we did see some license fee that we thought would probably be Q4 pulled into Q3.
Frank R. Martire: Yes, you look at that, Ashwin, and you look at the larger deals, and some of them take a while to come on completely. But when you look at the years 2014, '15, '16, they'll have significant impact.
Frank R. Martire: And what we like is that all of the regions grew, internationally, for us, so we were pleased with that.
Frank R. Martire: And Dave, there's a movement towards outsourcing, because a lot of these who do it on their own, because the volume is going down and can't do it cost effectively anymore because of the unit cost. So there's a movement towards outsourcing for those who were doing it themselves, and obviously, that's an opportunity for us.
Frank R. Martire: Yes, I think, Dave, if you watch for the pipeline on the larger deals, as we watch it closely and as that continues to grow, we become more confident of our organic growth and what it could be.
Frank R. Martire: And Darrin, in the area of Capco, too, it's interesting some of the things they're doing in change management and so on, where that's become much more sticky as we would say, because when a client decides to go and use us for doing it, it's not so discretionary anymore, right? They've committed to a certain process.
Frank R. Martire: And on balance, we feel good about the results that we've had over the last several years and going forward.
Frank R. Martire: The determination for the banks is how to do it cost effectively. They have to make the service available. And it keeps growing, and they know it. That's their challenge.
