Mike Hayford: Well again, yes, year-over-year the comparison’s going to drop a little bit, but we would expect with the synergies coming on board that we would continue to see margins hold steady. And then, I think as we’ve talked about it in the past, third and fourth quarter we’re expecting a little bit stronger than the first half of the year.
Mike Hayford: Yes, David, I don’t know if I’d go there yet. I think first quarter we did a pretty good job of pulling in AR. That helped the working capital. And then we had positive timing in terms of payment of incentives year-over-year, and then again second quarter is going to be a drop just because of tax payments. So I think after second quarter we’ll have a little bit more clarity. The first and second quarter have a little lumpiness this year.
Mike Hayford: No. We received a partial payment and as you know we haven’t fully resolved the joint venture down in Brazil with Santander and Banco Bradesco, so it’s held up, it’s in cash, but it’s held in escrow until we resolve and get signature. And then we would figure out, what does that mean? Does it come in as a gain? We have to say we have a lot of the balance sheet down as a joint venture, so we would have to based on the settlement determine the accounting at that point. But it is not in first quarter revenue.
Mike Hayford: Well, again we talked a little bit, we had strong margins fourth quarter, and they dropped off in first quarter. You know a lot of that is due to timing. We had a lot of software and professional services cleared in the fourth quarter, which as I think we talked about last call was a really good quarter for us. The currency’s not providing as much lift as we had expected just because of the strengthening of the dollar, but beyond that I’d just look at timing. International has a little bit more timing impact because of a softer professional services. And so I don’t think we would have any concern for the first quarter. It’s probably lower than we would have liked to see, but we expect that to bounce back going forward.
Mike Hayford: Yes. Its $40 million a year, so you know Santander de-converted the end of January, so $10 million a quarter. Bradesco as we had originally planned to not come on board, so you could assume it’s a portion of that $10 million.
Mike Hayford: Yes, I think we have provided a little bit of that color but yes, I think we have one more swap that unwinds second Q and then I think we’ll flatten out third and fourth Q. But we’ll continue to give you a little bit of headlights into that.
Mike Hayford: It’s a little of both. There’s a business that provides prepaid debit cards on tax refunds in the first quarter, and then the other business we have is to provide facilitated electronic tax payments for the IRS, and some municipalities and some states which is somewhat in the first quarter and then it’s pretty heavy in the second quarter. So it actually hits first and second quarter.  
Mike Hayford: I’d look at it as it had been on the blocks for a period of time and now we’re trying to make sure that the volumes, because the volumes are going to go down if there’s a secular decline in checks. We have to make sure we stay ahead of it to keep the margins, but I wouldn’t assume there’s more synergies.
Mike Hayford: No, I mean we had talked about $43. We exceeded it. You know we’re on track for the year. We’ve talked about the full year, we expect to end right around $212, so that’s incrementally $150 million. So we’re on track for that. We’re pleased with the start. The synergies are going to move around quarter-to-quarter, so as long as we stay on track I don’t think we want to get too precise there with you.
Mike Hayford: I would say it was timing. You build a budget going into the year and then you try to manage to it, and we just didn’t spend the CapEx as fast in the first part of the year as we will throughout the whole year. So I’d put it in timing.
Mike Hayford: Software we think a little north of 20 and professional services was slightly south of 20, so right on 20%.
Mike Hayford: Software is a little bit timing, right? So it’s a little bit hard to predict the software. Typically first quarter is not a super strong quarter, so I think we had a pretty easy comp last year. It typically builds throughout the year, fourth quarter was strong for us in software. Professional services you would expect to get continuity, so I think we would expect professional services to continue. I think to the general tone that Frank spoke to, we’re pleased to see that we’ve seen a couple of quarters now of buying and that there’s a little bit more confidence in our customer base to buy. But we continue to monitor that, and again software I don’t think we’d map out a trend yet until we see it really snap back.
Mike Hayford: I’d say year-over-year second quarter we’re not expecting that simply because of the comparison to last year. You know we were pleased with the growth. I think we’re still looking at third and fourth quarters as we bring on the sales, how fast we can get them converted and turn them into revenue. So we’ll continue to watch that and see if we can keep that trend going, but that’s a good start to the year for us.
Mike Hayford: Yes, you know again that was our expectation. We still think we can get there. We’ve talked about the Santander hole, with Santander going away and Bradesco not converting so it’s a $40 million hole. We still think we can get that growth out of there and then depending on what happens with Brazil, you know we’ve got the Visa Vale business coming on. So I think we’re still very optimistic long-term on the international front.
Mike Hayford: I think if you kind of look at the two of those you can kind of get to where we’re at, but I don’t want to get in the habit of Q to Q EPS guidance.
Mike Hayford: We would say I think both companies were seeing strong cross sale as a total percent of sales, so I think FIS was 70, 75% I think and at Metavante we were in that same area of 60, 70%. So cross selling into an existing customer is always a better place to get new sales than going greenfield. So I think that’s what the 70 refers to. We talked specifically about firming up our long-term revenue growth guidance by 2 percentage points. So we had said long-term expect growth to be 6 to 9%. And rather than raising that 8 to 11, we said we’re going to stay at 6 to 9 and we think that cross sale lift of the two companies coming together will add and fill in in those ranges. And we estimated 2 percentage points a year.
Mike Hayford: Well, the 30% is specific to synergies where we’re selling a product into the other company’s base. So the cross sale total is much, much higher than that as we sell products across the board.
Mike Hayford: Again, Citi was a transaction. Citi is an inhouse customer. It’s a nice deal, because Citi is obviously a big name. But it’s not a number that’s going to move us. So we’re helping them. They’re starting the project already. We’re helping get it ready, but you’re not going to see anything move the needle in terms of our quarterly results.
Mike Hayford: That was the combined, that $120 was the combined with the paper based business. And we just gave you a little clarity there because that isn’t a secular decline. Obviously check is going down. 
Mike Hayford: No, not really. Again that’s why we called it out last year. We had a very significant one of $23 and so this year we just didn’t have anything material to compare.
Mike Hayford: Well as the smaller ones roll up into the middle ones, we have a stronger position we think maybe in the middle mid tier banks, so on top of the other banks up to the very large top 30 banks. And so we pick up more of those accounts from those transactions. I think as we’ve described in the past, if you lose a name, if you lose a customer and even if another customer picks up the account you still come out negative on the revenue. So I think we’ve picked up our share of the accounts and transactions, but this just the general closures are a challenge to all of us.
Mike Hayford: As we said, we came in a little bit higher than we expected. We had a softer professional services. We had the transaction side and the payment side came in strong as we discussed. So quite literally across the board, PFC, FIC, international wasn’t quite as strong as the other two but we came in higher than we had anticipated.
Mike Hayford: No, you know we’ve got a 1 to 3% range out there. We had a little stronger first quarter start. When we talk about the second quarter it can be a little more challenging year-over-year. We’ve talked about Brazil and the headwinds that causes against our plan. So I think we’re trying to give you a realistic expectation as opposed to being either conservative or aggressive.
Mike Hayford: Well again, we’ve seen two good quarters of sales. I think we’ve repeatedly said the confidence in the banks, the confidence in the people we work with whether they’re on the technology side or whether they’re on the business side is much stronger today than it was a year ago. And we’re seeing some of that kind of come through as a trend. Again, we’d like to continue to watch and see if banks are turning back, to what level. But we’re encouraged by the last two quarters, at least where we stand today.
Mike Hayford: I think pricing continues to be a challenge for us. When you renew the core deals, you just have a longer tail. You know you’re going to be challenge price and Gary and his team work hard to make pricing and to up sell new product. But I don’t see that letting up at all. I think on the payment side, we continue to see a lot of pricing challenge, particularly from Visa and MasterCard out there. I think we feel pretty good about our product capability, but that’s a challenge. You don’t compete against Vista and MasterCard. We don’t see pricing pressures slowing down. It’s something we live with and we think we have the scale to compete in the market.
Gary Norcross: We continue to have very positive conversations with Bradesco as we move forward. The portfolio that was converted was part of one of our commercial clients, CBSS, also known as Visa Vale. And we converted that portfolio in early April, which we saw as a good sign. The announcement that you saw today where Bradesco and Banco do Brasil are pulling together under CLO and launching possibly a private brand in Brazil, and then further bringing in possibly CBSS and that overall combination we all view as very positive steps. As I said, we continue to have ongoing conversations with Bradesco in every situation. As Frank mentioned FIS is a part of the arrangement, whether they use our software or whether they stay part of the joint venture. We still have to work through those details, but we continue to have very positive conversations.
Gary Norcross: I think we’re optimistic with what’s going on in Brazil. We like the strategy that Bradesco is pulling together with their overall payments initiatives in the country. You know the payments continue to grow in Brazil with 20% per year or so. We’re optimistic that we’ll have a favorable outcome.
Gary Norcross: Yes, Dan, that is what we’re trying to. A lot of people have focused on the Metavante combination from an expense take out standpoint. We wanted to highlight that we’re also seeing some revenue synergies out of the combination, so 30% of our sales in Q1 actually came from former Metavante products being sold into FIS clients, or former FIS products being sold into Metavante clients. So you know we really see that as a good sign. We’ve pulled our sales forces together and we feel we’re executing very well and I think Q1 was a good example of that.
Gary Norcross: No, we have an ongoing commercial business in Brazil. You know the joint venture has commercial customers. CBSS is a very large one of those. They were owned by Banco do Bradesco, Banco Santander and Banco do Brasil. As you saw the announcement, Santander is now coming out of Visa Vale. But this was a commercial arms length arrangement we have through the joint venture from our processing arm, and we’re just through the natural course converting the cards onto our system. And so Banco Bradesco did convert in early April.
Gary Norcross: When you look at our success we had in FSG in the quarter, Brad, it was really across all of our major segments, especially in the U.S. markets. We saw strong wins in our community markets as Frank referenced. We saw some significant wins in the Top 100. So we saw good wins across the board. We also saw a number of key wins in our international market, so overall we had a very good quarter with regards to SFG sales.
Gary Norcross: Just to build on that, you know pricing compression is part of the business. It’s our product portfolio set that allows us to offset that by to Mike’s point bringing in more products into the renewal.
Gary Norcross: We continue to see strong growth in our bill payment channel. I think Frank referenced in the call a very nice sale in the Top 100 space of our bill payment solution. The Nocha release frankly, we’re always going to see new competitions in the payment space. We think we’ve got the scale necessary to compete and we’re rolling out new capabilities all the time as well. So we feel very good about that business.
Gary Norcross: I think the first thing you’ve got to do is separate between clients who are still working through economic challenges and struggling with survival, and ones who think they’ve weathered that storm and are now looking to invest in technology. So when you look at those two pockets of clients, the ones who are starting to spend and starting to look at technology improvements really across the board, whether it’s the large financial institution space as Frank mentioned, several to Top 100 wins on core processing, or even the mid tiers and smaller institutions, we are seeing quite a bit of demand on the core processing front. And I think it’s not totally surprising for us, but it is a little more demand on core processing than what we expected. So I think a number of our clients are looking to improve their foundational elements, putting in the next generation of technology to be able to take share in this market. But we also continue to see strong demand across our payment channels as well.
Gary Norcross: Well, we actually had a number of them and we highlighted two in the Top 100, we highlighted Cole Taylor in the release today, which is a nice mid tier win. We had several in the mid tier. We also had several, we had a lot of competitive take always in the community marketplace as well. So I would tell you across the board, we saw some nice wins there.
Gary Norcross: Well, I think to Mike’s point we have two strong quarters of sales. Obviously we want to continue to monitor it and see if these trends continue. But I do think in general financial institutions, after they’ve come through this economic crisis the ones that have come through it are taking a very hard look at their technology and wanting to improve their infrastructure and technology layer so they can compete more effectively in the market.
Gary Norcross: There’s really not. I mean in fairness we’ve seen two strong quarters of sales, and as I said there’s a lot of speculation on how many institutions are going to be failed by the FDIC. But Frank’s point of you really need to talk to the financial institutions about that. We continue to serve all of our clients. I think we’re stacking up well against our competition and executing well on our sales channels at this point.
Mike Hayford:: Yes, for organic revenue I would continue to use constant currency. It’s just a little cleaner and you know we’ll keep you updated on our assumptions on foreign exchange. But the 1.8 for the first quarter is what we experienced.
Mike Hayford:: No. We concluded that we could not adequately get a return on that and we feel we can operate it and get a good margin. We also believe there’s some technology that we can leverage, such as analytics and project caption across the rest of our payments business. We pulled that back inhouse and are operating it.
Mike Hayford:: I don’t know if we’re taking share. We’re winning our share of the deals. I think we’re doing maybe a better job winning, taking share in the Top 100 banks on outsourcing deals. We seem to be signing a pretty good number. I think on the software side, we’re winning our share. It’s a little bit harder to tell if you’re taking away or not, but I think we’re pleased competitively with how we’ve been doing the last two quarters.
Frank Martire: Well, as we mentioned, the Santander partial payment of the settlement is not in the revenue numbers. We’re holding that in escrow until we fully negotiate that termination agreement or that agreement.
Frank Martire: No, I think it’s an improvement. I would say the market improvement helps us and it helps everybody, okay? But the reality is we’re getting the software sales but we’re also getting the outsource sales at the same time. So I think it’s a general improvement. And as Gary talked about, the core processing, the FSG sales has been really good for us. So we get an uptick there in the first quarter that we’re very pleased about. But both on the outsource and the software sales side.
Frank Martire: You know I think you have to ask them the reality. I think they feel more comfortable in their position today than they clearly did a year ago, but it’s on an individual basis. But clearly there’s more confidence growing as each quarter goes on.
Frank Martire: Yes, three out of four of our sales or 75% of our sales come from cross sales or add on products into existing clients. What we were highlighting is the fact that we are seeing some now revenue synergies out of the combination, where we’re taking products that the other company did not have and selling those products into their client base. So that’s a real positive trend that we’re seeing and that we saw in Q1.
Frank Martire: Yes, that does have some kind of regional impact, but pretty traditional. You can model around 8 to 10% of decline.
Frank Martire: There is quite a lot of private label on that portfolio. It’s about 25 million cards in general, 23, 25 million in general of processing in the joint venture today. About half of those are Bradesco related at this point.
