James W. Woodall: Well, Dave, I'll take that one. If you look back, our organic revenue growth this year has gone in line with what we outlined for the year. First quarter organic was about 4%. First half was 4.5%, third quarter 5%. So that acceleration we've been talking about for some time, we're starting to see it, and if you model that forward for revenue growth of about 4.5% to 6.5%, we anticipate continued acceleration into the fourth quarter. So I don't think you're going to see a shift on a dime in terms of the revenue growth curve changing, but we continue to see it accelerating as we anticipate it.
James W. Woodall: Well, I think as we've talked about before, we made some specific investments this year that put some headwind on margin, and we had some difficult comparisons that put some headwind on margins. We anticipate fourth quarter to actually see some level of margin expansion as we begin to anniversary those comparisons, and while we're not completed with our 2015 planning, we do anticipate margin expansion going into the future similar to levels you've seen in the past.
James W. Woodall: Said a different way on the Brazil, David, we did continue to see growth in transactions and card, just at a slower rate than we've seen in the past.
James W. Woodall: We have not adjusted our mid-year -- or mid-term guidance. We're staying in line with the same guidance that we had, which was 4% to 7% on the top, 30 to 50 basis points of margin expansion, and the EPS as outlined in our previous guidance.
James W. Woodall: You did, and if you think about this year, the incremental investment and the headwinds, we've still kind of guided to flat margin. So we don't anticipate incremental investment in those same level of resources, and we don't anticipate the same level of difficult comparisons. Therefore, the underlying traditional model is going to generate margin expansion.
James W. Woodall: Well, we're blended across the euro, the Brazilian real, the pound sterling and the rupee would be our major currencies. We do anticipate some headwind in the fourth quarter based on what the back half of September did in terms of currency movements. Again, we don't believe that to be significant to our earnings per share at this point, but it could impact reported growth by as much as 1 point, at least, is what we are anticipating. Again, our organic revenue growth, we pull that impact out, but don't anticipate it to be significant at the earnings level. Ultimately, because of the different geographies that we play in, we have some that are somewhat of a tailwind, somewhat -- some that are somewhat of a headwind, but at a blended rate, we don't see it as being a significant item for us at this point.
James W. Woodall: Yes, we saw some heavier volumes in our NYCE business, and our debit business actually performed well in the quarter. We did see some licensing this quarter that we don't necessarily anticipate. It gets lumpy. So hard to say, but I would just state we are still looking at sort of low- to mid-single digit in that segment in terms of growth in the near future and in the foreseeable future.
James W. Woodall: Yes, the Certegy gaming business on a stand-alone annualized basis is about $50 million. So depending on when we close, you have to model it out from there. We anticipate closing in April, so you can kind of model it out from there.
James W. Woodall: About 25% of the revenue currently is U.S.-based. You're correct, we do anticipate that to accelerate as we bring it into our distribution channel, and push it through our relationships and sales channels. So we do anticipate that to increase. The business, from a segmentation standpoint, is aligned based on geography. So that 20% will flow through the Financial Solutions segment, and the balance of the non-U.S. business will flow into the international segment -- I'm sorry, in the payment segment -- payment segment and the balance into the international segment.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, Dave, I mean, just to build on a little bit of that. As you know, these are -- most of these deals, we're announcing are very large scale outsourcing deals. They take time to ramp up. We've talked about that on prior calls. So we're looking for, as Woody said, just steady improvement of our organic growth going into the future.
Gary A. Norcross: Dave, I think it's too early to really comment on Apple Pay. I mean, where we see the positives of it, it does raise awareness, right? It generates transactions, as you know, us having the hosting count, it gets back to us, and if it creates more volume, that will be a positive thing for us. It's early. There's going to be a lot of room, and some of the questions you're bringing up, we are discussing with our financial institutions, and I think a lot of people are trying to decide where that -- where all this is going to settle out. Clearly, Apple Pay is going to have a role, but there's room for -- there's going to have to be more than just 1 mobile payment provider in the industry, and so as you know, we're doing a lot with MCX under the brand currency. We've actually enabled some of our customers to utilize Apple Pay as well, but I think it's going to be early to see -- to be commenting on how all this is going to sort out and where the volume is actually going to end up.
Gary A. Norcross: David, it's a great question. And I've been here 26 years, and Frank and I have had a great partnership over the last 5. And so no, I would not expect any radical changes. We're very focused on continuing to accelerate our long-term growth and generating, expanding profits associated with that. So hopefully, you've seen over the last year, we've made some shifts, of rolling out our strategy, and focusing on what we see as 3 very distinct markets. Obviously, our biggest opportunity for expansion is in the global financial institution marketplace, because as we've shared in the past, we feel we're under-penetrated there, but we're going to continue to carry on the legacy that Frank has established and excited about the opportunity. So when you start thinking about capital allocation, Woody hit on how we're focused on driving our capital to help accelerate profitable growth, and we're going to continue to focus on the markets that we've been discussing.
Gary A. Norcross: Sure, I'd be happy to do that. Let's go -- let's just go in the order that you brought them up. So in India, the team continues to perform very well. That project is right on plan. The team's done a phenomenal job deploying our ATMs. We are continuing to see adoption raise -- rise on the curve that we had hoped. So everything is green with regards to our India ATM deployment, and we see no issues hitting our pro forma that we announced to the market when we signed that transaction. We've also continued to build on that as well. So it's not just that contract. We continue to drive additional contracts related to our India ATM business. But also, hopefully we've hit on a few things that what you're seeing with FIS is once we build credibility in these key markets, like India ATM, now we're moving into the core bank processing, and so we're very excited about some of the recent announcements in India outside of the ATM EFT business, whether it's Mahila Bank, Shivalik or the one we just announced, Bandhan Bank. These are 3 new banks essentially in India, and looking for a complete core banking and payment system, and there's been 3 that have come out and FIS has signed all 3. So I just -- I can't be more complimentary to our team in that region. They're just doing a great job. Sainsbury also continues to progress well. I know Frank was actually over there the last couple of weeks meeting with the executive team on one of his trips. And when you look at something the size of Sainsbury, you're always going to have some opportunities to improve the time line. You're also going to have some opportunities that'll come up you have to address, but there's nothing been out of the norm in the Sainsbury deployment. So we feel very good about our progress there, and we feel very good about rolling Sainsbury into production in the 2015 time frame, which we discussed. As far as Bradesco, Bradesco, we've seen frankly our international business, the economic issues going on in Brazil as a whole impacted our international numbers a little more than we expected. With that being said, transactions and cards were up in our Brazilian joint venture. We're seeing some things where we're actually moving some volume around, so we're moving some things out of our call center and moving that into more automated solutions, like our IVR, and that actually is providing a little headwind to our revenue, but all in all, given the macroeconomic climate of Brazil, we're pleased at what's going on in the joint venture, although it was a little more of a headwind than we expected in the quarter.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. Let me take that one and then also we can address the margin as well. Hopefully, Brett, what we're trying to do is, every quarter, bring you some examples. So let's first talk about the investment. As you guys know, we invested more than $30 million in our go-to-market strategies in GFI, and I would tell you when we made that investment at the early part of this year, we also announced we'd be looking for proof points for success, and what we're doing is every quarter, trying to come back and give the market some insight in those proof points. We started very early on with one of the largest investment banks in the industry. They're in a very large chain sourcing deal. That transaction has gone exceptionally well. The team has done a very nice job of ramping up that service, and you're starting to see that flow through in our growth numbers in both our FSG and ISG segment. We also announced the Jefferies transaction, which is a very exciting transaction. That, too, is a later stage signing, so it's obviously earlier in the deployment cycle, but that, too, that project is going exceptionally well. And then, of course, this quarter, that Crédit Agricole utility that we just announced is very significant. That's one of the largest outsourcing contracts we've signed, and as a company, you know we've signed some significant ones. What's interesting about this one, this is truly a utility that allows us to bring on other investment banks to deal with their post-trade derivatives, and so we're excited about that opportunity. We got a nice pipeline of additional customers that are looking at coming on to that. So I would tell you right now, we're very pleased with the investment we chose to make in the early part of this year. We're also pleased with the results we're seeing. When you build on now, then you have to layer on the recent announcement around Clear2Pay. Clear2Pay, I talked about in my comments how it brings next-generation payment capabilities across a broad swath of payment channels. What's most interesting for us is their early penetration into some of these GFI institutions. So now you've got very robust consulting. That's been a proof point for the last 3 to 4 years. You now see us lead with multiple very large services engagements, and now you see us bringing the Clear2Pay asset up under that distribution channel with some of their early wins over the last several years being a leader in, really, payment transformation in that market. So we think all of those things would make us very comfortable with the direction, the investment we're making and the future success and profits of that market.
Gary A. Norcross: Exactly. I mean, Brett, if you think about it, right, we had a large loss with M&I due to the acquisition and anniversary-ing those difficult comps out. We also chose to make an investment to actually break in to really a new market, and what you're seeing now is we're having enough success that, that market will self-sustain investment going forward. And so we, as a company, have always been able to generate margin expansion on our business, and that's going to continue into next year as these things anniversary out. Now on the various markets, the margins will expand at different rates, right? Some markets that we're in actually are -- we're deploying a product once across many, many financial institutions. We can expect to see more margin expansion, but even in our GFI market with services and the products that we now see the capabilities of pulling into that group, you're going to see margin expansion across all of our markets.
Gary A. Norcross: Okay. I think as far as the business goes, it's kind of the testament of our geographic disperse-ment. So if you think about it, Latin America or Brazil especially has been a very strong tailwind for us for the last several years. We've seen Asia as a very fast-growing market as well, but Europe has struggled, and we talked about that over the past. Now we see our European investments -- as we indicated very early on last year, we saw an early precursor of our consulting business was growing in Europe, and we said that's typically a precursor of now services contracts and then product, and now you've seen us lead with that very process, and you've seen Sainsbury and other big announcements that we've made. So now Europe's turned into a tailwind as the Brazilian economy's fallen a little bit. So really, it's our diversification, geographic disperse-ment of our business. It allows us -- comfortable to continue to maintain that double-digit growth in those markets on a blended rate.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, no, I appreciate the question. EMV, as we've shared with you before, we think, has got some potential to push our revenue stream, and certainly, we actually signed some other EMV contracts this quarter. So we do continue to see momentum growing there. As far as the one that we mentioned last quarter, everything's on target, and we're starting to issue those cards. So we feel good about our capabilities in EMV. Once again, we saw this very early and made the investments very early on. Our systems have been EMV capable for years because of our international processing capabilities, so we feel good about that.
Gary A. Norcross: Correct, correct, yes. We're signing more customers on to our EMV platform and generating EMV cards than just ones where we have core processing relationships, absolutely.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, no, it's a great question. You're exactly right. The ticket price is much higher on EMV, so you're going to see a nice revenue opportunity or we will in that business. Our unit volumes are still a lot less than what our mag stripe is. So profitability will rise as our volumes rise in that business, but we feel comfortable that we'll be able to attain and maintain the current profit margins we have in that business going forward.
Gary A. Norcross: No, it didn't touch us at all. We heard the same chatter. I think it was around some e-mail issues, but it had no relation to us whatsoever. As far as the pilot we shared with you, the pilot last quarter, the pilot continues to progress, and I think they're on target for the dates they've described. So we feel -- we still feel good about the relationship and the ongoing opportunity.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, no, I appreciate you asking. In fact, just last week, I was out meeting with all of our Capco partners. The quick answer is the group really just couldn't be performing better. We feel great about that acquisition, and what they've been able to accomplish. We've seen very strong year-over-year growth. We're continuing to see the number of customers, so actually, the revenues being generated from a far greater client pool than in past. The partners and all of the teams are executing very well. We've now grown that business to over 3,000 consultants, and it's still split pretty evenly between Europe and the U.S., and we continue to see and expect great things out of that group going forward. The team's excited about the results. You've seen it now move from just base consulting where they used to have a very short term turnover to now. We've got a much longer-term revenue stream as we're signing up much longer-term services engagements, and we're also seeing opportunities as we are starting to bring some product in. So all of that, I would say, that's been a fantastic acquisition for us, Ashwin, and it's going to continue to contribute strategically to FIS.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, no, we do, Ashwin. So if you think about our business and where we're focused, you've got our North American business that we talk about quite a bit. It's a one-to-many model. You see the margins we generate there, and we'll continue to see margin expansion. We're going to get greater margin expansion there than we will in our other markets. Our international market, you'll see it come into more of the middle of where you would expect in between the GFI and in between the North American business. You're going to see that margin expand as well. We've got the India ATM deal. We're well into that. You're starting to see volumes ramp, and with those volumes, you'll see margins continue to grow in that group, so we feel good about that. GFI, specifically, actually, as we've grown the consulting business -- you're right, it is a lower margin, but as we've grown that consulting business and brought on more scale in that consulting business, we've seen the team's done a very nice job in consulting growing those margins, the services deal as well, those long-term nature, those come in at higher margins than traditional consulting but still lower to the overall company. Those margins will continue to grow as well, and then you've got the product capability. So that's a long-winded answer to we do believe that all of our businesses, while they'll have different margin characteristics, they'll all grow in the future.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, no, it's a great question, and we've talked about this in the past that there is no such thing as being secure, right? We see the rise in continued attacks across all the financial services. As you know, we've gone through an amazing investment cycle ourself over the last 3 years. So I would say the quick answer is, as you do that ramp, any organization in the early days, it is a cost. It does then translate, and we're seeing that now translate into an opportunity for us. I think, as you make those investments and as you implement those best practices, the reality is that drives continued success and drives more business on to our platform. So it went from the early stage for us as a cost to now we talk about it through our sales cycle. People see the investments we made, the benefits that can grow to the financial institution, and I think that's one of the things that's helping us with our sales success. Is it going to continue to escalate? The answer -- in other words, is the cost going to continue to escalate? The answer is yes, but I think it's on a much more normalized rate, right. So now, there is a big ramp for all IT services company, though, to have to get their environments to where, frankly, most of the new standards have risen to, and we feel comfortable we're there, but we also know we're going to have to continue to invest. This is going to be an ongoing diligence that we're going to have to focus on, but certainly, our customers are seeing the advantage of that investment. Frankly, our prospects are as well, and we think it's one of the things that's allowing us to continue to grow and take share in the markets we serve.
