Woody Woodall: Yeah, it certainly plays a role Tien-Tsin. We tried to outline both volume growth and transaction growth within the detail materials in the press release. I think we also gave growth back to 2019, as many of us have been trying to effectively forget 2020, in some levels and ways. We have seen volume growth compared to 2019, attract very closely to the networks. We've also seen transaction growth slow a little bit, in terms of its growth rate. Ultimately providing us incremental yield on that volume, which is what we expected and where we expect it to continue to track.  And if you look at 2000 -- QQ 2019 growth of revenue versus the global volume compared to the third quarter, we had about 9 points of incremental yield benefit. And that really takes out kind of the noise between both 2020, and the move shift of the tax movement. So that's the one we've been very focused on. But we tried to be extremely transparent today to give you every piece of data that we look at and thinking about our revenue growth trajectory.
Woody Woodall: Yeah with regard to the 50 to a 100 basis points of margin expansion, we do think that's sustainable through our mid-term outlook as we've talked about numerous times, there's tremendous operating leverage within the business as we continue to drive automation and drive efficiencies through normal operations of the business. Incremental revenues have high contribution margins that help with that margin expansion as well. With regard to the investment side of it, we've baked in our expectations of investment into that 50 to a 100 basis points of margin expansion.  So we feel good about our ability to continue to invest, to drive, and sustain that accelerated growth profile that we've built out. So in addition, those are the two comments I really would think about margin. If you think about 2022, we're not updating our formal '22 to guide until February. That said, we're not changing anything in terms of our mid-term outlook around 2022, of 7% to 9% revenue growth and 50 to 100 basis points of margin expansion. So continuing to keep that as a longer-term outlook consistent with what we've been saying for a number of quarters.
Woody Woodall: We're very focused on completing each integration before we move to the next. So we feel good about where we're at on that integration. Secondly, on your accretion dilution comment around whether we would do something that's dilutive. We don't look at accretion dilution as the only value metric. In fact, we think it's probably just one of many value creation long-term is much more and how we think about M&A whether it's enhancing our growth profile or filling out gaps strategically into our product portfolio that we can push through our distribution channel. So yes, we would think about something potentially dilutive from an accretion dilution analysis. But never that doesn't drive incremental value to shareholders, long term.
Woody Woodall: I'd just add on to Gary a little bit here. I think -- again, we started this several years ago. We really had a strategy around how we we're going to accelerate growth in those verticals, obviously before WorldPay became part of the organization. And even to the question earlier, we've focused on, how do we cross-sell? We had this big, broad set of assets that we wanted to be able to cross-sell into our client bases and our teams have really rallied around that. They've done an excellent job of building out the products that's, building out how people consume them and put us in a very good position. As Gary mentioned, our pipeline has been excellent, our sales execution is better all-time high.  Yet again, after our all-time high last year, Capital Market's same thing, a lot of  Probably the other comment I would add is, as we've gone through these projects over the last several years, while our capital was originally on data  consolidation and some of those things, as we've come to a close of those, we're taking that capital and redeploying it in new products and accelerating our new products to meet the challenges of our customers. And we stand today very excited about the opportunities to continue to grow, to continue to cross-sell. We see lots of TAM expansion as we're moving into these markets. So we feel very comfortable that we can continue to grow this business and a very healthy 
Woody Woodall: And I will just add -- and reiterating, there's a lot of our clients that have the need for all of the products that we have.
Woody Woodall: So it's running their business and one of the things that we've been able to do in the Financial Services Vertical over the years, is be able to help those institutions run their business. We're taking that same model, Capital Markets, Treasury and Management, those things are really applicable across all of our client base. And so we talked about it in prior quarters as well, one of the things that happens even in our eCommerce clients, is they're looking for a partner that can offer a broad set of solutions that handle everything they need to do. That trend is continuing, and we are positioned exceptionally well to capitalize on that.
Woody Woodall: Thanks, David. Yeah, we continue to see travel improve. I would tell you, if -- from a few quarters ago, it's probably improved slower than we originally anticipated. So we do anticipate travel to continue to improve over the course of 2022. I would tell you; I don't know that we believe it's going to be back at 100% by the end of 2022, but it's certainly going to be better than where it is today, which is at about 65% or 70% of what we saw in 2019. It will help in terms of 2022, and just help support that outlook for low double-digit growth in the merchant business through 2022.
Woody Woodall: Yeah. I haven't given you a free cash flow conversion for 2022 yet. That said, we don't anticipate any reduction in our conversion metrics or ratios. This quarter we did 33% in terms of revenue conversion in a 107%, in terms of adjusted earnings conversion. I feel very good going into 2022, that we'll continue to be generating those levels of free cash flow conversion as we've previously guided. High 20s being the revenue item, and roughly 90% plus on adjusted net earnings going forward. So no, we're not having to pull back any cash flow conversion for investment or anything else. We're very good about how we're positioned going into 2022.
Woody Woodall: Absolutely. We believe it's just a mix issue, Dave, and we have outside growth coming. It continues to show recovery from the pandemic. Volumes are coming back, yields are coming back, travel is coming back. Everything that we've talked about over the course of the last year is portraying or laying out the way we thought. So, yeah, I think that's the only thing you got there.
Woody Woodall: And I will just add that operationally, we're seeing a lot of sales acceleration as well. You go back from last year to this year; you're seeing an increase in close rates on deals. So a lot of positive momentum in the merchant space for us across the board actually.
Woody Woodall: Yeah. Comparing '19, we think it's a more normalized pace going forward. We're going to use some color that we think the fourth quarter continues to accelerate sequentially and compared to the 2019, two-year stack. So we think we're just headed back in the right direction, Dave.
Woody Woodall: Yeah. A couple of things in there. First, we've tried to give some color that we think, on a normalized basis, global eCom will grow 20%+ for us. So that certainly helps as we get to a larger and larger portion of our revenue mix. I think there's been at least some skepticism that we won't be able to support double-digit Merchant growth for the long term. And we really tried to highlight that, that we do not believe that is the case, with global eCom really helping us drive that accelerating growth longer-term and also to sustain that accelerated growth longer term. But I think you're right. We continue to see yields coming back as we thought. We think over time as everything normalizes out, call it into 2022, you'll see those yields where they were pre, with continued double-digit revenue growth within the merchant business.
Woody Woodall: Let me touch on the CapEx side and then I'll let Gary give you a point of view on the M&A. You're correct. Our expectations are around, call it 8.5%, which I think is where we're at year-to-date on CapEx to revenue. We would probably continue to drive about that level of CapEx going forward into 2022, and beyond. The discussion today, does not anticipate any incremental CapEx, which I think is supported by my continued Free Cash Flow yield discussion. And that we're not changing anything around Free Cash Flow yields or expectations there. So no incremental CapEx over what we've historically been doing. And then Gary, you could touch on the 
Woody Woodall: Yeah. Consistent with how we described it last quarter, we expect mid-t-high teens growth compared to 2019, in both the third and the fourth quarter. We did 16% on that comparison in the third quarter, I actually anticipate a bit of sequential growth into the fourth quarter but still keeping with the mid-to-high teens comparison to 2019.
Woody Woodall: Yeah, Ashwin, the team has done a very nice job continuing to focus on innovative products and accelerating the revenue that we're driving from new products. And so when we track it internally, we look at what our revenue is -- percentage -- from new products and continues to accelerate. So we feel very good about the innovation engine and the ideation of new products in partnership with our customers trying to solve the challenges that they're facing. And our team's done a nice job delivering new solutions to the market.
Woody Woodall: Yes, Ashwin, it's a great question. I think you've heard us over the last several quarters. And really even pre -acquisition on Worldpay that the Worldpay team. And we believe it was the right strategy continues to focus on invest on e-com and to drive e-com growth even faster. If you remember, this 27% of our revenue mix in the highest growing segment was a significantly lower but 4 to 5 points lower than that just a few years ago. So most of our investment in geo -expansion, most of our investment in nap, most of our investment in access Worldpay continuing to improve speed of on-boarding capabilities in market and investment that growth profile, that's absolutely were where we've been focusing.  Further, if you go back to the global e-commerce slide, where we talk about it specifically, our mix right now is 50-50 between domestic and cross-border. We think we can also grab some incremental e-commerce market share over time in a pretty high growing SMB market where we really don't play today. So yes, that's where a lot of our focus is, is to drive this portion of our revenue mix up significantly. Hopefully, over time, getting in as much as 50% of our total revenue mix in these high-growth markets. And we think that's an excellent way for us to continue to sustain very strong growth in the merchant segment.
Gary Norcross: Yes. Absolutely. I would tell you Tien-Tsin, we're already seeing it right. So, a lot of people want to put us in a point world. What we've seen across all markets -- all industries are really what we've talked about is more around solutioning and being able to leverage a platform in a way to drive very dynamic outcomes for our customers and that's what we're all about. As you think about FIS all large companies are going to have to go through a massive transformation. And so we started that journey 5 years ago and we've now had completely completed our transition to Cloud. So we've made that migration, and we've getting all of the benefits of the Cloud
Gary Norcross: platforms that are available. We then leaned in with next-generation application stacks, and we've talked a lot about that through componentization, whether it's modern banking platform, whether its payments one, whether it's digital one, whether it's nap, the list goes on and on. So now the next phase is how do you bring that together and weave that together to a one-stop place for innovators, large conglomerates, anybody looking to take advantage of various capabilities in the open market. And we see it as a huge opportunity. We highlighted just a very small subset. of clients already leveraging our next-generation capabilities across all 3 segments, you're going to see that grow very dramatically over the next 3 years.  You will also continue to see our level of technology debt get displaced as our existing clients migrate to this framework as well. So we're real excited about the future. We highlighted another 2 wins on modern banking platform today. One of those wins was the first customer that has signed up for an existing core banking system of FIS to start transitioning to NBP. So as we've talked a lot, we're really at the forefront of this transformation and this is just the next step in FIS' journey and we'll continue. And why we're so confident in our long-term guide are up 79% in mid-teens EPS, and you'll continue to see that resonate in the coming years.
Gary Norcross: Let me start, Jason and then we'll let others add on. Certainly, Stephanie's return, focusing on strategy and helping drive, and continuing to focus on M&A is important. I would say our strategy is not shifted there. We've been very focused on M&A throughout the years, as you know. We've also been very consistent about getting other large M&A opportunities behind us before we typically move on into other areas. We've talked on prior calls, the markets pricing on certain things, but we're definitely going to continue to lean in on M&A.  We're going to be a buyer in the market on things that fit our strategy, that expand our TAM, that drive us new product or new capabilities, that drive us in the adjacent market anything we do, we will look for things that will accelerate our growth. And so that's going to continue throughout 2021, and 2022, and beyond. So it will always be an important part of our strategy.
Gary Norcross: Yeah, Darrin, I'll start, we'll let Bruce add on to this. We couldn't be more excited about what we see going on in Banking Capital Markets,  I'll remind you; we started this journey over almost 5 years ago as we started really embracing Cloud computing. And then we started really leaning in on next-generation capabilities that I mentioned when I was talking to Tien-Tsin about and all the investments we've made, so you're now seeing the results of that. Our pipeline is the fullest, continues to grow. You're also seeing record quarters being put up by the sales team in record years, year-after-year. This -- if you'll remember in Banking especially, this journey started well over 3 years ago and you've seen that growth rate move from low-single digits to mid-single digits, and now it's performing consistently in the upper single-digits. So we feel great about the business, we feel great about our solution set. We -- the TAM is very broad because obviously, we're not just a domestic player in the U.S. we can expand out into international markets as well in global markets so we've got a really bright future with this group. And frankly, it's where the industry is moving, more importantly.  Capital Markets as I said in my prepared remarks, couldn't be prouder of the team of what they've done. We --  go back to 2015, you had a business that was growing negative -- about negative 2%, we repositioned the portfolio. We invested heavily in product and solutioning. We started going -- and we expanded outside of traditional customers because what we found is there was a lot of market that needed those capabilities, and you're now seeing the results. That's had some very, very clean quarter for capital markets. I mean, there was a 2%-point tailwind on license renewals. But once again, what a great part of that business as those licenses or term in nature, and so you get those bumps. But even if you adjust that out, just really, really strong results.
Gary Norcross: Yeah, Darrin, I think at the end of the day you got to back up a little bit and really look at these businesses, and look at the customers they serve. And these customers have traditionally been on older, more Legacy technologies. And so I've shared for the last several quarters, we're at an inflection point where our clients and our prospects are going to have to start moving in lower their overall total cost of ownership, increase their openness in the way they deliver, increase their speed, which is what Bruce likes to always talk about. The speed at which they serve their customers. And you just can't do that on your historical point-to-point solutions.  With FIS, we've made the investments, the time that shift. And so as you -- now you are seeing the benefits of what that timing is starting to produce. So these are very long-term contracts are high reoccurring. We're averaging 9 to 12 months sales cycle. We're averaging about 9 months now on an on-boarding cycle, Bruce and his team has done a nice job of pulling that back and that'll get faster over time. But you're seeing a very different businesses and very different segments positioned very well for a unique inflection point in the industry. And so you will continue to see these segments maintain and grow not only mid but upper single-digits, given the nature of what's going on in the markets.
Gary Norcross: I'd just add. It's going to be a good tailwind for us going into 2022, and into 2023, but the reality is given the nature of our eCommerce business and how rapidly it's growing, you see the disclosure there almost mid 30% the last several quarters and trending up. P&A will become a smaller and smaller segment of our overall business. And so that's what we're really thrilled about our positioning in the merchant space. As you look at that business, we are best positioned in the market area that's growing the fastest and so -- and we've got industry-leading capabilities there.  So as long as we continue to execute on it, like Woody said, we're seeing a little slowing in the recovery in  but the good news is the other side of the business is actually accelerated a little faster in some of the verticals. So all-in-all, we've got a great business model and we've got one that's going to continue to perform in the double-digits going forward in 2022 and beyond.
Gary Norcross: And given this level of granularity we've provided you today. I mean, I think as you guys really start digesting all of this, you will say the same thing. I mean, it just various verticals have come back at different rates. So it's absolutely a mix, but we feel very good about the business.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. Look, I mean. George on our M&A strategy is really unchanged. We have an opportunity to have a wide aperture; we're looking for things that can accelerate our growth and continue to drive our growth from here. We're going to continue to -- I appreciate you pointing out, really, our capital allocation strategy has not changed other than we are raising our dividend starting next year about 20%, but what he talked through all the financial is that, it's really in material and the overall use of cash. So we've got a very open lens of our free cash flow to either buy companies or continue to buy back our share back, and you, as you saw. And so we think it's generational buying opportunity for FIS at the moment.  We really leaned in, in Q3, but we'll continue to look for things that we think can accelerate our growth rate from where we are. Keeping in mind that really all 3 of our segments are really operating at some of the highest levels in their history. We just -- Q3 was the biggest quarter for Capital Markets and Banking, I think in its history of this Company. And so -- but meanwhile you see Merchant -- every trend will give you -- shows that Merchant's heading in the right direction at an accelerated rate over where it was pre -pandemic. And it's a very durable business -- all 3 are very durable business model. So if we can find M&A that complements that from a strategy standpoint that it expands that market, drives new TAM, grows us faster than we absolutely are going to be in the -- continued to be in the M&A business.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. Dan, look, I obviously will continue to lead in e-com. We're going to continue to lean in on that. Our software-led strategy and SMB, though has been very sound since the start. Woody did a great -- I think a very good job of describing what's going on in our software-led initiatives and SMB specifically. You have seen restaurant starting to recover, it's a very small overall percentage of our Company. So it's really a bit of immaterial at this point in time. But you have seen it starting to recover, and whether that was due to closures, whether that was due to staffing issues, whether that was due to some of our software partners, didn't respond to some of the changing needs as quickly as they might should have during the pandemic.  All of that would be open debate, but we feel very good about our software-led strategy within SMB. And going to that, the team has done a great job of continuing to sign up partners throughout the pandemic. Bruce just highlighted our sales strength. And that's not just an SMB. Our strength in e-com has been fantastic. And what we've seen driving across our e-commerce segment, we've disclosed a lot here on what we're seeing the growth rates going on with and without travel, you can actually see travels improvement Q2 to Q3, which Woody talked about from a domestic standpoint. And now we've got to start leaning in international, but the business is really solid across all of those fronts. And we will continue to go to the SMB market through our software-led strategy.
Gary Norcross: Well, let's first start with the last part, which they would need a consulting group. As you know, Ashwin, we owned a consulting Company for a number of years, and actually, I didn't see that fit in our overall strategic narrative. So we'll continue to partner with large system integrators out there and other large consulting firms. As you can imagine, given the investment we've made in componentization, we have a lot of people wanting to partner with us on that front, which is great. And given the demand we've had; you'll continue to see those partnerships grow but as owning another consulting group is not necessary.  I think Bruce summed it up on a prior question very well, and Woody just confirmed it, if you look at the amount of CapEx that we're investing back into our existing systems, really -- right now it's operating about 8.5% of revenue. That's trended up a little bit historically before we started on this journey. As you might remember, it was down in the 4.5 type range. So we trended it up years ago because we saw this coming. The realities as you think about it, this transformation has come in waves right? You had to embrace the Cloud technology to get our costs down, to get our availability up, to get our speed on delivery up, you're seeing that in the numbers.  You then saw us come on our application wave, and really building out within our industry verticals, whether that's nap access Worldpay, whether that's modern banking platform payments 1 digital 1. But that's all the things we're doing in Capital Markets around solutioning and really going into in and front, middle and back-office. You've now heard us talk about on this call, we're now waving -- rolling out the next-generation of our platform, which is really taking those components, and weaving them together in a really way to embrace new markets, so that we're not serving today.  So we're still going to be taking advantage of all the markets we're in, driving the kind of growth you're seeing. But now as you weave that in through a platform, as you start bringing in low-code and no-code environments, as you start bringing in places for innovators to come and incubate, we see that a whole another opportunity to expand TAM, given the investments we've made. And we don't think that's going to require an increase capital investment at all because as those other programs are closing, that frees up capital to now redeploy. I think it shows a real confidence in execution given where our guide is, it shows a real confidence in the Company and we'll continue to lean in on all those fronts.
Gary Norcross: Thank you again for joining us this morning and thank you to our dedicated colleagues who continue to show their commitment to providing world-class technology solutions for our clients so that they can stay ahead of the curve. This commitment will lay the foundation for our growth in 2022 and beyond. If you have any further questions that were not addressed on this call, please reach out to our Investor Relations team. Thank you, and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Goodbye.
