Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, David. We had another good quarter in NYCE. We didn't really see any impact with regards to dynamic routing. Frankly, the team is executing very well in that group across the board. Not only did our network perform well, but some of our EFT processing volumes came through nicely. We had some very nice continued mobile wallet enablement which helped drive it. And to your EMV question specifically, we now have seen consistently multiple quarters in a row with EMV providing a very nice tailwind in that business. We're still early on in the process but, as you know, in the back half of the year, we'll start getting into grow-overs over prior years' tailwinds. But that continues to be a very nice business. And frankly, we saw our volumes in the EMV actually accelerate quarter-over-quarter.
Gary A. Norcross: We're still very early in the process. We're seeing it primarily in credit. We've not seen it move over into the debit platforms as aggressively yet. We're in that 20% to 30% range of cards being issued at this point in time.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. The team has done an extremely nice job. We highlighted a number of the wins in my prepared remarks when you look at the Credit Suisse deal, for example, in the post-trade Derivatives Utility, we continue to see continued interest there. Licensing revenues were continued to be strong, not only in renewals but also new sales really coming across the board in all of the categories. I would say the team has really come together very nicely through the integration process. We've made some changes in the go-to-market strategy under Marianne Brown's leadership and that's starting to show results in the market as well. So, really, it wasn't any one specific area. It was just good solid production across the spectrum.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, Dave, what we've seen traditionally when FIS does these large acquisitions obviously as we pull them together and perform our integration playbook and actually implement some of our go-to-market strategies, we do see that the combination helps accelerate revenues. Frankly, as you know, SunGard was primarily – had been under private equity ownership for 10 years. So, I talked about on earlier calls how the clients are actually relieved seeing where SunGard landed under a publicly traded company focused on financial services. And so I do think we're seeing some lift with that. Overall, the overall SunGard business performed very well, even on a combined basis. We've referenced Institutional Wholesale, which was over 5% but even on a combined basis, this is more than 4% organic.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, the bottom line is, Darrin, the SunGard acquisition is performing better than we expected, right? I mean, the...
Gary A. Norcross: The product sales are coming in very strong. Frankly, the synergy and integration, we're ahead on the playbook at this point in time and continue to see that continuing through the rest of this year.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, yeah. Now we've talked a lot about Capco in past quarters. The team is doing an excellent job transforming that business. We really have pushed back into more transformational thought leadership-type consulting engagements. Our book-to-bill continues to be very high. So, are we onboarding new clients? All of the time. And we're refilling that. As you mentioned, the back half of the year, we do have easier comps. We'll see that growth rate accelerate. As we talked about in the last quarter, we intentionally will – we don't expect that our Consulting business to accelerate growth much beyond the overall GFS growth rate...
Gary A. Norcross: Historically. But the team has done an excellent job and continues to bring on new business with all this uncertainty and oftentimes that drives consulting engagements for us. So we're certainly available to help our clients as they deal through all these changes.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, Andrew, we've talked about it a number of times. First, I mean, the U.S. market is an extremely competitive market, right? We see a lot of competition from a lot of different providers in the space. We have also talked about in past quarters, to your point, as you move upmarket and I even referenced in my prepared remarks another large $16 billion community bank making the decision to roll all of not only our core processing across the full enterprise but surrounding that with FIS Channel Solutions across the board. So, I do believe you're seeing a clear differentiation as you move upmarket. As you get greater than $10 billion, you start seeing FIS take on a true significant leadership role in that space. But the team continues to compete very effectively across all the community and regional banks. But at the end of the day, it's a very competitive market. We know we have to serve our clients and be their champions each and every day and continue to drive the business and we're seeing the results of that through our sales team and our ability to deliver.
Gary A. Norcross: I would tell you, we've been talking for years now about the pace of outsourcing in the small community banks across North America and, as you know, that's going to continue. But I would state that we are seeing an acceleration in outsourcing as you move upmarket. We highlighted the Credit Suisse situation in the post-trade side outsourcing all of that capabilities to our Utility. You see a number of other institutions when I highlighted that $16 billion institution on an outsource basis. So the reality is the larger institutions are accelerating. They're looking for ways to take cost out. They're looking for ways to accelerate their deployment of solutions to compete across the spectrum and that's just going to naturally drive the outsourcing. We also continue to see that accelerate in the global markets. Frankly, we saw the India ATM deal a couple of years ago. We highlighted that as really the first significant step for outsourcing in that country. We now highlighted three brand new institutions coming on to our full capabilities. That's all on an outsource basis. So we're seeing outsourcing accelerate definitely across the globe.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, we certainly see it as a big opportunity. Frankly, we bought the Clear2Pay acquisition in many ways because it was ahead of where the market was with regards to real-time payments. But like everything, we'll continue to monitor that and settle into that market but we think it'll be a good opportunity for us going forward.
Gary A. Norcross: We've talked about this, Brett, in the past. M&A is very hard to predict. You're exactly right. The scenario you just rolled out is exactly what happened. But what was interesting is we were able to cross-sell and up-sell a lot of our digital channels around that. So that was just a nice win overall. Frankly, the best indicator that we can point to is really term fees. We talked about on a number of calls how those term fees have continued to stair step down in our business. This quarter our term fees were certainly at a normalized rate of what we've seen traditionally. And so at this point in time we've not really seen, so far through the first half of the year, any significant impact of M&A on FIS. But we'll continue to monitor it and certainly as our clients do some buying, we'll make sure that we try to take advantage of that through cross-selling and upselling.
Gary A. Norcross: Frankly, Brett, the team is doing just an excellent job and certainly exceeding our expectations. They are already generating a number of thought leadership pieces on Brexit, helping our clients think through it. If anything, as I said in my prepared remarks, change typically drives opportunity for us and based on what we've seen through the first half of the year, the team will execute against that.
Gary A. Norcross: No, no. We agree, Tien-Tsin. I think that's what we think if anything – and we are seeing it, right? We highlighted Credit Suisse, we've highlighted a number of others. We are seeing these larger institutions starting to move more and more towards outsourcing because frankly, they've got to get their costs out and they've got to get into a more leveraged capability. And if anything, we think that could help create that opportunity. We continue to see some softness in discretionary spend around people-based services, but when you get to true outsourcing with our intellectual property wrapped in it, we think it could actually be an opportunity to play out over the next couple years.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, thank you for joining us today and for your questions and continued interest in FIS. Clients are reacting well to our expanded value proposition and the ability to serve the breadth and depth of their needs. Our deep focus in investment and financial services is allowing us to drive change and competitive differentiation for our clients and across the industry in an environment of increasingly strenuous regulatory challenge and market uncertainty. I'd like to thank our loyal clients who depend on us and trust us to keep their businesses running every day. I'd also like to thank our leaders and our more than 55,000 employees for their hard work and commitment to our client champion promise. It is because of our clients and employees that FIS continues to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.
James “Woody” Woodall: That would get us to about 14 million cards year-to-date in 2016. That would compare to about 10 million cards we issued for the full year in 2015. So certainly a tailwind for us...
James “Woody” Woodall: Yes. We talked about earlier, our largest customer in Brazil about a card portfolio. We've been working on transitioning and converting that card portfolio over. We've been seeing revenue growth associated with those conversion services. We anticipate that portfolio to convert in the third quarter and start to see revenue from that. So, very good visibility into that growth into third and fourth quarter and we believe we'll sustain that double-digit growth, David, into 2017. Still believe the macroeconomic environment in Brazil is not getting better at this point, so a little more cautious on 2017 growth at this point, but we haven't gone through the planning process yet and again, feel very good about where we're at for 2016 and the double-digit growth in Brazil.
James “Woody” Woodall: Yeah, Dave, if you look at SunGard as if it stood alone, it's about 4%, which is similar to last quarter. Basically, you've got a stronger Institutional and Wholesale growth partially offset by a little slower growth in corporate liquidity, but right in line, if not ahead of our expectations.
James “Woody” Woodall: I will tell you that specifically in Banking and Payments we had a large license in Q2 last year that didn't recur. If you normalize for that license, Banking and Payments would've been in the 3.5% growth, Dave, and that would have put overall GFS growth at about 4%. We believe that's a normal number for where we're at right now and then we would anticipate, to your point, the Consulting group having easier comps in the back half of the year. So still comfortable in that mid-term guidance range, but it'll be a little better, we believe, than the 3% from this quarter.
James “Woody” Woodall: One at a time. If you look at the SunGard growth itself, we talked about it being about 3% to 4% grower. If you carve SunGard out of the various segments, it was at the high end of that at about 4%. So, again, higher growth in Institutional, Wholesale, a little lower growth in the corporate treasury and liquidity business. So that's the first item there. With regard to synergies, we originally talked about $100 million as our target. In the first quarter, we talked about it being about a $0.02 to $0.03 expectation and us beating that by about $0.01, or about $0.04 in the first quarter. I will tell you the second quarter was close to that $0.04 number, exiting the second quarter at a little over $100 million in run rate synergies.
James “Woody” Woodall: What you've got is some of the first phase items that we've gotten out relatively quickly and are seeing the benefit of that. Then you'll go into a second phase that will see more of the benefit of that into the fourth quarter. That's the biggest delta in the terms of the synergy delta between third and fourth quarter. The other item in the third quarter, again, was really around incentive accruals. We're having a better year this year and our incentive accruals are accordingly a little higher than normal levels. That, coupled with last year, we reversed incentive accruals, which gave a lift in operating expenses that we don't expect to recur and are creating a difficult comp in the third quarter. So, a combination of those two factors are really what you're seeing in that third to fourth quarter shift.
James “Woody” Woodall: You've got a combination of it, right? The synergies are clearly driving some of that margin expansion. The faster growth in the higher margin IP-led solutions is also driving a portion of that growth. Haven't really given math on the breakout between those, but you could probably do some math if you bust those synergies out that I just described.
James “Woody” Woodall: I think we've talked about continually looking at the portfolio and always being open to take non-strategic assets and monetize those assets to reduce the debt that we have on the balance sheet right now. That business has performed well – 6% growth on the second quarter, 6%-plus growth year-to-date. Expanding margins, so it's performed well, but that's the extent of the update right now.
James “Woody” Woodall: That is correct, Brett. And I'll try to give you the color. The Banking and Payments, which is about flat 0.5%...
James “Woody” Woodall: Normalize that, it would have been about 3.5%. So below what we want it to be longer term obviously, but clearly better than flat. But you heard that exactly right.
James “Woody” Woodall: Yeah. I'll give you a few bullets. You're exactly right. The comps in IFS get more difficult. We don't anticipate this level of growth from the IFS group in the back half of the year, but we would anticipate to be higher than the midpoint of our mid-term revenue guidance. Higher than the 4.5% midpoint of the guidance that we gave. We also have a flattening, if you will, of synergies. We would expect the same level of synergies in Q3, an accelerated level of synergies in Q4 based on the timing of activities that we have going right now. The third item that we talked about was the third quarter having a more and more difficult comp related to incentive accruals. Last year we reduced incentive accruals significantly. In fact, took them to zero as of the end of the third quarter. This year we're performing better and incentive accruals are higher than a 100% right now. Those are the three big items that you see in there. As we look to understand SunGard better and better too, you're seeing a little bit more seasonality as we flow between the third and the fourth quarter as they have a higher level of revenue and renewal growth in the fourth quarter than originally anticipated. Those are your four big items, Brett, to look at. Net-net again about $0.06 below expectations compared to the market consensus for the third quarter, increasing about $0.06 compared to market expectations in the fourth quarter. In the full year, I think you guys are at about $3.80 on a consensus basis, which is midpoint of the updated guidance.
James “Woody” Woodall: Yeah, I think it's uncertain at this point, Brett, in terms of what Brexit may mean for Capco. I think it would be the sort of tip of the spear in terms of what may happen there. To date we haven't seen any pullback in consulting engagements or any losses. In fact, a lot of conversation about what this may mean on a go-forward basis. I think the other thought on Brexit specifically would be, we anticipate it's going to take a couple years at least for things to sort themselves out. Again, traditionally we've seen upside. The more difficult time we saw with Capco was in the fourth quarter of last year, we saw a 10% decline. We don't anticipate anything like that given the nature of the consulting engagements and then refocusing on the more boutique and strategic consulting versus the larger projects. So, I feel good about it. Again, easier comp in the back half of the year for the Consulting business but we don't anticipate a lot of growth out of it this year. We talked about it being mid-single digit. So, again, aligning about where we expect it to the first half of the year.
James “Woody” Woodall: We didn't really give a number around bookings. Sales were solid in the quarter. I would tell you, Tien-Tsin, we've got very good visibility into the third quarter for the Consulting group. As you know, we don't have as long a line of sight but we've got good visibility into the third quarter with a little less in the fourth, which is very normal and natural. Yeah.
James “Woody” Woodall: We were very pleased with cash flow this year. We have been very focused as a team in trying to improve collections, drive costs out and generate free cash flow to make sure we can pay the debt down. I would say we would anticipate continuing to see it and outpace sort of adjusted net earnings this year.
