Woody Woodall: The other thing I'd highlight. If you remember Jason, last year December, the UK was shut down from COVID. So, we've got an easier comp in the fourth quarter on the revenue side as we don't anticipate the UK to be shut down like it was last year. So, those are really the two biggies that we've seen. Always have high visibility into the revenue base as we go through there. But obviously, trying to highlight, both in the prepared remarks and through the Q&A that shift, that we're seeing in Q3 to Q4.
Woody Woodall: Yeah. On the interest cost itself, we've got about 40% of the debt is variable in the stack. We anticipate another two raises from the Fed is at least our assumption right now at about another 100 basis points from where we are today, which is about 2.25 at the Fed level. We also saw some increase in the ECP raising rates over the year. And then, the bond issuance that we just did was about $2.5 billion at just under 5%. So, a combination of those factors is what's driving interest up. We think interest for the full year based on those assumptions is about 285 right now from where it was. So, obviously seeing some headwinds there. On the volume side, we saw sequential volume decreases in line with Fiserv Visa MasterCard and Global very similar. Constant currency volume is about 6%, and we saw yields at a plus 5%.
Woody Woodall: Yes. On the FX side Darrin, we've got little over 15% of our revenue in pound, sterling and euro. Obviously, those are very high contribution margin businesses for us. So that profitability has some exposure to translation. You've seen the pound and the euro dropped by about 13% year-to-date, obviously, driving an impact both on revenue and EBITDA. That's where we got the $0.13 on the translation from an EPS perspective. If you're looking back to constant currency or organic growth really, we continue to believe banking at 6% plus, capital markets in mid to high single digits and merchant in the low double-digit area for the full year. So we have had no change in that outlook from a revenue growth profile on a constant currency basis. The other component I would tell you is I did highlight in the prepared remarks, we do see pay rates contributing to e-com growth where we're looking at organic growth north of 20%, which is consistent with our previous remarks, but we're looking at constant currency growth of both the third quarter and the fourth quarter at about a 30% level for e-commerce. 
Woody Woodall: You got a couple of things there. You got one we've refinanced the debt. So we – the $2.5 billion of debt that we issued will cover both the fourth quarter maturity and March 2023 maturity out there. And secondly, we have a maturity in June or July of 2023 we got to look at. The real question Dave is how much incremental debt that we take on to buy back shares next year. Our assumption has been to maintain leverage at 2.9. If we do that we take on some debt to buy back shares. So we're looking at the interest rate impact of that as well. So I would not look at it as just 115 is your jump-off point looking forward. You got to think about that combined with the higher incremental shares we're talking about buying back in 2023 as well.
Woody Woodall: Yes. We were talking about it a little earlier to answer Dave's question, I think, one you can annualize the exit run rate as your first leg of the bridge. And then, the question is, if we maintain 2.9 times leverage through the course of 2023 we would actually take on some debt to buy back shares. Therefore, you would see actually incremental debt coming on and coming up over the course of 2023 as well. As we continue to look at interest rate increases and what the Fed’s doing there, we may look at not sticking right at that 2.9 times, but managing share repurchase with excess free cash flow versus taking on debt at the full levels. But right now, we still think that's still the right answer from terms of overall capital allocation and use of capital, Ramsey.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, Rayna. This is Stephanie. Happy to answer that. I would say spending continues to be robust in financial institutions. Gary and I spent a bunch of time with all of our financial institutions over the last six months. Coming out of the pandemic they are feeling very strong with respect to their own -- the soundness of their financial institutions themselves. They also benefited a lot from the EVP and P2P, and they also recognize through the pandemic the importance of the digital transformation...
Stephanie Ferris: Okay. Sorry about that. So, what I would say is it's still robust. So there's still a high demand for bank technology, we're seeing...
Stephanie Ferris: Sure. So, Payrix does continue to go phenomenally well for us. As you know with the acquisition of that we now have access card not present for SMBs through that platform business. The good news for us is they were already integrated into our back-end acquiring stack. So, now it's about really us continuing to take massive share in the marketplace. And so what I would say is the best driver is really looking at eCommerce growth. You can see our eCommerce growth is outperforming across the board in terms of volumes and revenue growth. And so that would be the really the key metric as we continue to grow both the traditional eCommerce space which was really global enterprise and now with Payrix being able to access that SaaS platform SMB base, you're going to see us that's our strategy. It is all about eCommerce and accessing both the large and the small. And now with Payrix we're seeing a significant ability to do that. 
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. So Block is a super exciting win for us. It continues to show the strength of our issuer and acquiring capabilities coming together. We are powering their Cash App Card, which as you know is a big strategic position for them and we're excited about that. We won that business very competitively. But again, it continues to demonstrate the benefit of our assets across our segments, and also to talk a little bit about what we're seeing in Banking-as-a-Service and embedded finance. I mean, you're seeing a lot of disruptors come out and talk about their ability to really do that. And as we think about our own are we've launched Banking-as-a-Service as well. We have one of our new digital banks, I mentioned who is using our Banking-as-a-Service product really to expand out their market share to fintechs, so they can offer digital account opening, embedded money movement, embedded payment flow. We really see this is where the industry is going as we think about disruption, and we think we have a huge advantage given our assets across our segments to bring those together and drive new meaningful revenue, not just in traditional ways, but also to access new markets like embedded finance, like Banking-as-a-Service. And then as we come into the third quarter, I'm going to be really excited to announce our Worldpay platform, but you're going to see all that start to come together as well there. And so we really think about our traditional business, but opening up new markets, not only for ourselves, but our customers as they want to use our fintech stack in a different way either as a service model or in a way for them to advance their own customers' ambitions. 
Stephanie Ferris: Sure. So as you know Lisa, the big competitive value prop in e-commerce is all about driving more authorizations and approvals to our end clients, because card-not-present of rates are much lower than card present. And as you know that drives meaningful revenue to our end customers. And we have been -- all of us have been significantly advancing our capabilities there. We are really excited about Guaranteed Payments. We think it is an industry precedent setting product for us. What we are able to do is use both our merchant acquiring data as well as our issuing data and our issuing relationships along with all the investments we've made in machine learning, artificial intelligence and data broadly and bring together what is we believe best-in-class and no one else has done where we are able to increase authorization rates, guarantee the authorization rate increase and also at the same time we release them from any chargeback liability. So historical increase authorization rates, guarantee the authorization rate increase and also at the same time with release them from any chargeback liability. So historically a lot of merchants haven't been wanted to lean into new potential payment models, or they haven't been able to get the increased authorization rate up as high as we're able to get them. And if they did, they had to take on more potential fraudulent losses. So with this product, they get both increased authorization approval rates with a guaranteed no fraud chargeback loss rate. So it's very, very significant. Who it would be relevant for? Everybody that's in the card-not-present space. So we're in pilot mode today. We've, obviously, launched the project. We've seen 600 basis point improvement with the product immediately out to drive increased authorization rates. And as you can imagine it's so much revenue for the end merchant. We're able to actually charge a completely different fees for this capability, which most times doubles the amount we're charging for processing revenue. We think it's groundbreaking and we're super excited about it.
Stephanie Ferris: Well, because of our capability we've driven down the chargeback liability to be very nominal. But yes that would be the view in terms of how we would do that. But we -- net-net it's a really, really strong profitability model for us because of the way we've used all the data.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, I'm happy to take it. So you're right we have some strength in travel and airlines British Airlines and Heathrow is very immaterial in terms of the broad portfolio. So you can certainly see the weakening of the pound impacting us overall on an FX standpoint. But travel and airlines has been obviously a rebounder for us over the last couple of quarters. We aren't seeing any concerns around the issues with the airlines in Heathrow et cetera. It's not material to the portfolio at all. So not expecting anything in the back half to be impacted by. 
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah. Ashwin, great question, you played right into my hand. Thank you. So we are hugely successful in terms of driving revenue synergies on the Worldpay transaction. And as I came back into the company was even more excited to look across the segments and see the demand and here the demand from customers. So we've actually coined an initiative that you're going to hear us start to talk about called amplify where we do believe there's a huge amount of revenue and value to unlock by selling assets from existing segments into other segments. We've always done it for the last couple of years. Transparently we've been really trying to come out of the pandemic. There is a very large focus from me coming out of the President's Chair in terms of a look at how big that could be. You're seeing the large grocer do it. You're seeing the large retailer do it. Our assets resonate outside of their existing segments. Our banking assets specifically resonate very, very well whether it's Banking-as-a-Service embedded finance, how people want to deliver financial services to their end consumers depending on if they're a grocer, or insurance company, or a retailer as you know it's all changing. They want to offer capabilities at the point that the consumer is buying the merchandise or taking the service. We have the abilities and the capabilities to be able to do that. You can see us in terms of Banking-as-a-Service. And we need to provide it in a different model needs to be with a different consumer engine and a pricing capability and that's what you're seeing us start to launch. So we couldn't be more excited about the opportunity really to sell the banking product and technology across the Merchant segment as well as some lending and treasury capabilities that we have in capital markets across as well. So you're going to hear us continue to really focus in this area. We think it's, a big revenue and margin unlock for us as we think about the next couple of years.
Gary Norcross: No, I think you covered it. I think the banking environment has never been stronger. I mean when we look at the interest rate increases, when we look at everything that all contributes to the bank's balance sheet contributes to their profitability-- 
Gary Norcross: And so the result of that is we've seen very strong demand. We came off our biggest single core sales environment that we've seen in Q2. 
Gary Norcross: Thanks Rayna. We're trying to figure that out like you guys. But bottom-line is the banking industry is very strong. As I said we just came off a really strong sales quarter on actual retail core banking sales one of the biggest, ones in the last several quarters two more modern banking wins, but also really strong strength in our regional community bank offerings and large financial institutions. So, feel good about the buying behavior right now.
Gary Norcross: Perfect. Darrin we'll let Woody take the FX and talk about that and Erik will chime in and then we'll address your Block question.
Gary Norcross: Yes. And just to add a little bit Darrin on your Block question. As Stephanie referenced in her prepared remarks, we're leveraging our network there, which was a key component of what allowed us to win that cash out to drive individual revenue back into Block. And so it just shows and kind of paints the strength of the overall asset pool.
Gary Norcross: Well, we're doing both, right? So we're doing the issuer side of it, but we're also leveraging our nice debit network in rounding the transactions in a significant way. And that combination is what allowed us to differentiate and win.
Gary Norcross: Yes. I would say David at the end of the day we're kind of returning now to a more normalized environment. Really it's the strength of our balanced portfolio. Travel and airlines growing faster than we thought going in throughout this year. Yes. We've got some other portfolios that are growing slower than we thought. But the balance of the portfolio is really strong. And that really kind of gets back to Lisa's question around recession. It's really around where consumer spend goes. But we do believe that travel and airline is going to continue to be a strong piece of the book in the back half of the year and modeled that. We think there are some other industries that will continue to be under some stress. But we're confident with the strength of the overall portfolio. We're very pleased where the growth is. I mean constant currency on the quarter and very pleased where we're seeing it shape up for the full year. 
Gary Norcross: Look it's a great question. I mean we continue to monitor all the changes going on in Washington like everybody does. I mean there's a lot of different bills that get put forward that could impact us in very different ways. Regulatory change is always a really big positive for us. I've said that in the past we typically always find ways to grow our revenue through that because our customers need assistance in implementing the regulation. So assuming there's a change there on credit routing then obviously, we'll look at ways to help our customers with that help maximize their revenue and thus therefore us grow our revenue through that process. But we'll continue to watch it as it evolves and then we'll bring forward more information as we know what the outcomes of some of these discussions might be. 
Gary Norcross: Yes. Look, I'll start with that, Ashwin, the team wants to add on at all. I mean, we have consistently had mergers and acquisitions as a part of our overall strategy. We continue to evaluate things that make sense. To your point in time, valuations continue to come down and continue to get more and more interesting. But at this point in time, given the dislocation in our share price, we still think fundamentally returning our capital to our shareholders through our purchase of our own stock is the best use of cash at this moment. I mean, that's always been our default, as we continue to see where the market evolves. If we do see something that we think can accelerate our growth, accelerate our profitability, accelerate our shareholder return, then obviously we'll look at that. But at this point, I think, the team’s very focused on driving the business. I mean, we've got record sales growth for the company -- from a revenue standpoint, our revenues growing very, very strongly, coming out of the pandemic. We've got good line of sight into that revenue growth and profitability, the amount of free cash flow that's generating approaching 95%. All of those things would suggest at this point in time, we'll continue to default or share repurchase. But your point is a salient one. I mean, as valuations continue to trend down, we'll continue to keep our aperture open and see if there's something that might make more sense. But at this point in time, we're pretty comfortable with our approach in returning cash to shareholders.
Gary Norcross: Why don't I start on that one, Ramsey, and Stephanie can add on. I mean, when you think about it, there's a huge opportunity for us globally with the modern banking platform. I'll continue to say, we're in the very early stages of cloud-native transformation in retail core banking. And so, we continually govern that sales cycle in order to make sure that we can deliver and meet the demand that we have. So we want to be very conscious about that. ANZ is a great win for us. We've got a great position in Australia, New Zealand market. We've got a lot of headcount in that market, very comfortable in dealing with it. So -- but I will say, over the next 10 years, you're going to see the entire core banking enterprise move to cloud-based technologies. And so, just getting started with the transformation, but it's going to be a global one. And certainly, there's a huge opportunity for us outside the US as well as within the US as we continue to sell new customers in the US markets. And as we've talked about in the past, where we will eventually want to start moving our back book, our older technologies to this platform as well for our existing customers, so pretty excited and continue to be very excited about the future of the modern banking platform.
Gary Norcross: Thank you, again, for joining us this morning and thank you to our dedicated colleagues for delivering another strong quarter. If you have any further questions that were not addressed on this call, please reach out to our Investor Relations team. Thank you, and I hope you enjoy the rest of your day. Goodbye.
