Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, maybe I'll start and James can add in if he'd like. So, I would say we're very pleased once again with the strong performance in first quarter and second quarter with respect to banking revenue. As we look at the third and fourth quarter, we have a high level of confidence. I talked on the call about all the sales execution that we had in the back half of last year, which is giving us a lot of confidence in terms of the guide for the second half of 2024. I'll remind you that in 2023, we had a bit of a lumpy third and fourth quarter. But if you look at them together, first half versus second half, we are calling up the banking revenue and it's really on the back of stronger execution, stronger sales coming into the P&L, and just overall operational execution, and we feel really good about it.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, I'll start again and James can add some color. So, from a recurring standpoint, as you know, we've been really focused on driving really strong recurring profitable revenue and trying to get adjusted revenue and recurring revenue over the midterm to more align with each other. Clearly, we have some variability in the prior years that we're going over, but first quarter to second quarter recurring revenue is slightly down because of a large West Coast bank that was sold out of receivership. You probably know it, that de-converted off of our platform in the second quarter. And so that coming off, which is what we expected, by the way, that was in the guide. And even with that, to James, what we feel really good about the back half of 2024. I think, as you know, in terms of non-recurring, we are growing over some pretty negative numbers last year. So, we're looking in terms of those becoming more flat to not negative. And I think if you look at our full year guide with respect to non-recurring, it kind of comes out to be flat year-over-year. So, I think what you should expect to see from us as we move into the midterm is recurring and adjusted revenue in banking become more in line. But we are dealing with some choppy prior year comparables that make some of the numbers go up and down. I, James and I look at first half, second half, both on a two-year basis and the prior year. And if you look first half, second half on a two-year basis, it's pretty consistent over time, both in terms of recurring and non-recurring.
Stephanie Ferris: Sure. So, as you know, we've been really focused, as we talked about, in terms of new sales with respect to what's resonating. I would say broadly the strength of our cores and how those compete against our competitors, specifically in banks that are growing and have commercial banking customers. So, we have, as you know, we operate more in the upper part of the market and our core there, our IDS core resonates very well. And so, seeing a lot of momentum there as banks really focus on growing and as banks grow, typically have needs around the commercial banking customers. And we are best in class core there, I would say also digital, I highlighted digital sales. We've been making a lot of investment in our product set there, that is resonating very well in the marketplace. So, the combination of core and digital and payments, you know, I talked about at Investor Day really focusing in banking on growth verticals, which are the digital and the payments, they resonate very well. And then the package together with them fully integrated is really compelling in the marketplace. And, you know, as I said on Investor Day, I think we just had lost our way there. Over the last couple of years, we've been really focusing there and we're seeing it resonate in the marketplace as really a best-in-class product suite.
Stephanie Ferris: I think if you look at the fourth quarter 5%, James mentioned, we feel really good about that. We're growing over zero in the prior year, so it's an easier grow over.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, no, absolutely. So, first of all, I would say demand environment has been stable. So, it's been very stable and consistent in terms of if you're a bank that's growing and you are either growing organically or through M&A, you're typically needing a commercial bank capability. Remember, I don't operate down in the credit union space, so that environment is increasing in terms of the demand there. And then there is high demand, as you might expect, across everything digital, because that is how banks are now. Those are their channels to sell. So, they're making the overall technology spend demand is very stable. And where they're spending money is big into digital online account opening payments, which is where they're focused from a banking standpoint. We also announced a partnership that helps them really focus on deposit growth and profitability. So that's really where we're seeing demand. And you're exactly right, Darren. This is giving us a lot of confidence as we go into next year in terms of record signings and having a high level of visibility into the commits we made in our mid-term guide for 2025 and outward. So, feel really good about what the team is doing. We're not done here, but feel good about the environment, feel good about our competitive positioning and our product set specifically within core digital payments.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, no, it's been. First of all, I might just comment on Worldpay broadly. We feel really good about the separation of Worldpay. You can see in their numbers that, that team over there is operating the business better than we were when it was inside FIS. The commercial relationships with Worldpay are really strong and continue to be strong as we go to market together, and as we identify opportunities in different regulatory schemes where we can put, for example, the network, the network and the merchant relationships together, we will do that, where we can compete together around data. So, we landed as part of the acquisition of set of commercial relationships, and we continue to identify even more opportunities and we'll be finding those as well. So it's going very, very well.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, no, we did. We didn't close anything in the second quarter. The pipeline, Dan, is very good. In fact, we like the economic environment as it sits right now. High interest rates and lots of macro pressure into potential M&A candidates makes them much more willing to sell makes them much more willing to sell at the right price. So, pipeline is good. Just as a reminder, we're very focused on or inorganic acquisitions where we have or need a product that we haven't been able to develop organically. We can add it to the platform and then push it through our very large distribution so it's accretive to revenue and margins as quickly as possible. So, continue to have a very healthy pipeline. That being said, we're very focused on return, on invested capital. So, we aren't a dying to put a transaction on, but we are very active and we think the market is very helpful right now.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, no, I think there's always room for improvement in terms of implementations, but I think we have a nice robust pipeline of implementations, and we need to make sure that we can add capacity to get them on faster. So that's what we're really focused on without adding cost. And so that's what the team is really focused on. But don't see any issues in terms of getting what we've sold onto the books in the back half of next year and the first half of next year as they come through. We have a very, very active backlog there, and the teams are working very well together. So, I think it's good. I always, as you know, Jason, me, I always think we should be able to go faster. So, the teams know that we're always working to become more efficient and effective. But I think that broadly, the teams, you know, once we sign it, even before it's signed, we start putting it in our backlog and making sure that we have enough people to implement it and convert it. Really happy with where the teams are now.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, yeah. No, we're thrilled. So, 15. Yes, you're exactly right. It was a 15% increase in cross sell in the first half of 2024. That's ACV. Where we're seeing a lot of traction is like we talked about within banking, there's a big opportunity to cross sell digital and payments into our core clients. So, we've seen some significant wins there. We've also seen a lot of cross sell going on between our commercial lending and treasury products being cross sell into the banking business and then some of the banking value added services being cross sold into the Capital Markets business. So, we're seeing it. We're seeing it exactly where we would expect as we highlighted in the investor day. We think there's more opportunity here and we continue to focus, but we feel really good about where this number is trending.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah. All of that creates opportunity for us and for Worldpay as we look at both the merchant and the issuer side. We are a very big consumer and obviously sell the Mastercard and Visa products as they come through, enabling us to take share. So, I wouldn't say anything accelerated there, but we continue to look at the opportunities that those present and as you know, those do create more ways for us to win. I think in terms of the payments business, we're just starting to get our mojo back there in terms of really focusing and winning on new sales. As you know, that was one of the growth verticals for us and we got a little distracted, I would say, as we really, the company really focused on Worldpay. So bringing back the focus in banking and digital, to issuer, to the network, to the loyalty products, we're starting to see early wins in sales there. They're very competitive products and they're highly integrated with the core. So that's a lot of where we expect to see the cross sell. And we think any of that regulatory risk and opportunity is also a big opportunity for us as we look at that set of assets.
Stephanie Ferris: Yeah, no, I would say our trading and processing business, it continues to trend well, as you know, those were some places. We added some of the acquisitions that add a product capability. I mentioned the Deep Pool acquisition that allowed us to win some of the key wins we highlighted this quarter. Nothing new there, continues to be a very strong business for us, continues to take share, and as a reminder, it doesn't, it doesn't price to AUM. It's very SaaS based with a very, very small amount of transactions going across the platform. So, no risk with respect to market volatility going on. But as you mentioned, there is a lot of transactions processing, and our platforms remain very stable and feel really good about the scalability of our overall platforms.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. John, I was waiting for someone to ask me this. So I'll just remind everybody that Banking business has a payments business inside of it. A majority of that is related really around debit card transactions. So when you think about consumer spend volatility, typically, that's insulated in terms of everyday spend. We also price on transactions, so we don't get the benefit of inflation on the way up or on the way down. So we're protected from that. And broadly, I would say our debit processing business is -- against credit, which is smaller, trending just like the market. So stronger in the first quarter a little bit. Lighter in the second quarter and then July is a little bit lighter. But even with all of that, we're just not that exposed to consumer spend trends across FIS. And so when you think about just safety in terms of not having impact on consumer spend one way or the other, that's really what this Banking business now looks like, separating the Worldpay business out. And with all -- even with the consumer transactions coming down slightly, that's all baked in our guidance, and we feel good about the outlook.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. I think I'll start and maybe James can jump in. I think as we look at Capital Markets, they did have a strong nonrecurring benefit in the second quarter, which obviously helps both the revenue growth and the margins in terms of the contribution there. I think as you look out over the first half, second half in terms of 2024. We continue to feel good about the recurring revenue, and we are seeing a little bit of an increase in terms of the nonrecurring pieces that are contributing a little bit to revenue. I don't know, James, if you have anything else you want to add.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. And I'll again start and let James add in. I think what we're expecting to see with Worldpay is the EMI contribution, as they stand up their organization, would be a little bit lumpy as they add all the people into their organization and they take down the TFAS. So, I don't know that we could call a normalized number of $110 million quite yet. We feel really confident with the forecast they gave us, which they do give to us, and they're obviously outperforming that. But I think the back half them is really about adding and standing up the people to run the systems as they take -- get ready to take down the TSAs over 2025, et cetera. So, it's really investments they're making in the business as they stand those costs up.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes. I mean I think broadly that the consumer spend is not impactful in terms of thinking about FIS as it sits today. We do make money on transactions. We don't see -- even if the transactions go up or down in terms of a point or point -- a couple of points over a quarter, it's just not material to the overall revenue impact because of how much revenue really comes from core and digital and the other pieces of the Payments business. So, they're really -- if you're thinking about consumer spend, we don't have a big impact from consumer spend in the payments business and banking. We just don't. And if you go back and you look at even 2020 and you strip merchant out, you'll see that I think revenue in Capital Markets even during those time periods, where consumer spend was almost at zero, revenue still grew in those businesses about 3%. So just to give you a bunch of confidence around that. I think in terms of the Worldpay EMI, I think what I would say, I can't comment -- I mean, you guys clearly know the Worldpay business well. They're obviously impacted by consumer spend. But I think what you're seeing even in terms of the revenue and EBITDA that they're posting in the first and second quarter is they're operating the business more effectively. The revenue growth is doing better because of the operational execution that they're bringing into the business. I think you can go back and look at the historical views of what happened to Worldpay revenue with respect to consumer spend, I'm not going to comment on that. But I do think -- and we're pleased with the Worldpay team over there and what the what they're focused on. And remember, they're really focused on driving operational execution into the business over the next 2 or 3 years, and making sure they stand up the business and they're ready to go and taking market share. I think their first and second quarter revenue would say that they're doing a good job on that.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, I'm happy to take that in terms of what you're -- so professional services, if you look at the trends in the back half of last year stepped down. That was really driven by the lack of new wins that we had and we're converting. Professional services typically goes along with high levels of implementation. So, as you look at professional services revenue, it stabilized coming into the first half of this year and then it's continuing to be driven by our new sales implementations, whether it's core or digital or payments. And I think as you think about the back half of this year, it's an easier grow-over, but we have stabilized the number broadly, and it's really tied to new wins going into the platform.
Stephanie Ferris: I think they also did a refinancing in the second quarter that is delivering some nice EMI for us and for them as well.
James Kehoe: Yes. The only thing I would add is we were very good visibility into Q3. Effectively, we're in the quarter, so it's a very solid number and we have all the drivers to get to this Q4 growth in banking of at least 5%. Because maybe look back on prior year, the banking business was basically flat in the fourth quarter. So, if you look over at, if you look over a two-year period, you're probably in low single digit, on average compound growth rate over the two years, and you quite easily get to our 5% growth in the fourth quarter.
James Kehoe: I think it's fair to say Stephanie has highlighted on the last couple of calls the strength we've seen in new sales, particularly in the second half of last year. And we did say back in the second half that you're going to see the benefits of that approximately six to twelve months later. And that's what we're seeing in the third quarter and fourth quarter. And, you know, encouragingly as well, the recurring sales on new sales are very strong in banking as we'll, so all signals are very positive on the banking business.
James Kehoe: But it was a 5% adjusted, 5% return. We probably will see recurring slightly slower because we are lapping a very strong recurring and banking in the prior year, I believe it was like 6.7%, 7% in the prior year. So, as you look at the fourth quarter, we still see good growth on recurring, but it will be slightly below the 5%. And what we said in the prepared comments, we will have a rebound in professional services, some other areas which were down significantly in the prior year. So that's why we have a fairly high degree of comfort around this. But it's a 5% on the adjusted group.
James Kehoe: You know, I think we're, as we highlighted, as we gave guidance at the beginning of the year, we did highlight that the first half will be especially strong. What you need to think through is we're not seeing the full extent of this synergy with Worldpay, but we're getting significant traction on the future forward cost savings, which, if you recall, we started rebuilding margins in the second half of last year. So, margins grew very strongly in Q3 and Q4 last year. Incredibly strongly in the first quarter, second quarter here. And so, you look at it as very visible cost management across both businesses and in the headquarters. We still have a long Runway on this, so this is not, but it will taper off a little bit in the second half. The second one is revenue mix was pretty strong in both quarters this year, where we have more profitable, high license mixed. So, we're very happy about the first ever. We're on eight cylinders, literally on margins. And, you know, we remain entirely confident on our long-term goal of 40 to 60 bps margin enhancement going into the future.
James Kehoe: Yes. There's a lot of timing between the first half and the second half. For example, there's a misalignment, in that you're inclined to pay out your prior year bonus in the first half of the year, and there's no bonus outflows in the second half. Similarly, with the timing of interest -- cash interest that you pay for some reasonable contracts are more skewed to cash outflows in the first half. These are two examples. That shifts around 300 kind of millions between first half and second half in terms of change of trajectory. And with the benefit of hindsight, we probably should have gone out with our 85 to 90 and said it will be lower in the first half because that's what the plan said, and it will be much higher in the second half. So, if I adjust for these two or three timing items that are just naturally higher in the first half, between first and second half, I comfortably get to the 15 kind of number. But you're right, it does require a 1 15 in the second half, and we have good line of sight with that. Good question on growth, we're very focused on it.
James Kehoe: Well, I think in general, you could look at it professional services in Capital Markets last year was down in most quarters. And as we said on the prepared, that stabilized. The growth has accelerated. So that's one driver. It went from like a negative 5% to a plus 5% kind of thing. And then what we are seeing is we're seeing good buoyancy in licenses, particularly in international. That's, I think, the different trend in Q3, and that's what gives us the confidence to call out pretty good pretty good visibility to that.
James Kehoe: Yes. And I think the only thing I'd add is you -- we rely on the forecast they provide to us. We don't give the intense level of detail. But Stephanie is right, they've got standup costs right now. they have to making some select investments to drive future growth in the business. So, we all think it's a very doable forecast, and we're very confident in the full year projections we're doing today.
James Kehoe: No, I think -- and what you've seen when we gave guidance on the medium-term guidance, and reflecting the success with Future Forward, we actually said that we're facing TSAs that will be rolling off the business over the coming 24 months, and that gives us pressure on future margins. But we've basically signed up for annual savings of 165 bps to 175 bps a year. So, you should presume that the current performance, while it may tail off a little bit in the second half of this year, probably has a runway of 24 months. Because what we need to do now is we hope the TSAs rolling off, we have to resize corporate expense structures more in line with a company of $10 billion post the sale of Worldpay. So we do have a lot of cost initiatives looking forward. One of the items we did highlight on the call was how do we apply GenAI and automation across all of the functions in the company to drive favorable costs, but also to improve customer service and drive new sources of revenue. So, in summary, I think we have a fairly long runway, probably 24 months on cost reduction because we have the TSAs to eliminate. And we've actually already started working on this, we have an active program. And we're probably ahead of the curve in terms of identifying cost initiatives going forward.
James Kehoe: No. I think -- so that leaves $1.5 million for the remainder of the year, you should assume there will be a skew to the fourth quarter. So, you could simplistically say, one third, two third. The reason being is, to hit the $4 billion, we have to repatriate some cash internationally. And I think we said it on one of the prior calls that we expect this repatriation in the fourth quarter. So, to the extent we can get cash in sooner, we'll do it sooner. But right now, we kind of have a skew to the fourth quarter.
James Kehoe: Yes. We look at it kind of differently. We're looking versus our prior forecast. And I can tell you that the beat is coming equally from EBITDA and interest expense. There is some refinancing a couple of weeks back, and that is delivered and locked in some future savings. And then -- but an equal amount is coming from EBITDA. So, they're actually doing quite well, I would say, on the margins as well. So, it's not just a revenue gain. So, we're very happy, and it's good quality improvement in minority in case of Worldpay.
