Woody Woodall: I thought I might give some color on the April volumes again, just specifically, and then Gary can kind of touch on market positioning and the wins and sales. You know, we had really three different buckets things that were negatively impacted significantly. I would say that was primarily travel and airlines, which were down roughly 90% in April. Our traditional or normal pick point-of-sale volumes were down roughly in-line with Visa and MasterCard results from last week were about 30%.The bright spots in the business were a couple of things. As we talked about grocery and drug, they were up about 20%. E-com ex travel and airlines was up 30%, cross border ex travel and airlines was up 30%, and digital which was mostly in support of streaming and gaming was up roughly 80% in the month of April. So that gives you some – just some incremental color on what was positively impacted. What was moderately impacted to the negative and what was significantly impacted to the negative. And I'll let Gary kind of touch on the market positioning in the sales side.
Woody Woodall: Yeah, you know, we have 425 of our operating synergies exiting in 2020 along with the 275 gets you to the 700 we were discussing in terms of exiting 2020. We have not updated a 2022 number, other than we're going to be above the original target on OpEx by this year. And we'll continue to drive efficiencies out of the process, but I think it allows as Jason to some level get very focused on driving revenue synergies and accelerating our growth profile.We're very pleased with the accelerated cost actions that we've done to be able to get those costs out rapidly. And, you know, we feel very good about where we're at, but probably not going to update a 2022 cost target at this point.
Woody Woodall: Yeah, you know, we've talked about banking overall being at 83%, 17% non-recurring, you know, banking would have grown roughly 3% without the headwind. Certainly that that small sliver or 13% of the transaction related was the one driving that growth rate down compared to maybe mid single digits, which is where we're anticipating guided to originally in the plan. The balance of the 17% was roughly in line with plan and then the remaining you know, 70% that's not transaction right. It was roughly in line with plan Jason.
Woody Woodall: I would say very difficult because the comps are difficult for 2021 in terms of what 2020 lands at David, but the point would be back to the original sort of sans COVID outlook, we were accelerating in the lineup that we had originally through the Worldpay acquisition because you’ve seen us going, you know, closer to 7% this year, and then moving forward without it into [seven to nine] in the go-forward year. So, I think the overall strategy that we talked about in terms of trying to accelerate our overall growth profile sans COVID-19 was playing out exactly as we anticipated.
Woody Woodall: I'll touch based on both of those and then, Gary’s can add any color. If you look at the $300 million incremental short-term cost levers that we talked about, most of those are shorter-term in nature. Some of those will be permanent, but most of them will be shorter-term in nature really around short-term bonus reduction, it will be travel reduction, as Gary mentioned earlier. We'll also have some reduction in consulting costs.We've got, you know, a hiring freeze connected to non-revenue generating positions, so all of those things – we can turn those levers off really quickly, but it's more – a little more short term in nature. We're also looking at incremental facilities, but those are separate and distinct from the $700 million of cost synergies that we identified in the prepared remarks and in the pages themselves. When you look at contribution margin, I would tell you, the last payment processing revenues come along a very high contribution margin, call it 75% plus.So, it's certainly impacting the margin profile, but we're doing, you know, everything we can in terms of trying to protect short-term margins, while one, trying to minimize impact on employees and minimize the impact of future growth because we do believe we'll come out of this very strong.
Woody Woodall: Yes. We're trying to give you some color almost breaking down pieces within the e-com, between e-com, ex-travel and traveling airlines, plus 30, cross border ex-travel airlines, plus 30, and then, the digital plus 80, with airlines going down roughly 90%. If you're looking at integrated, integrated certainly had some more negative impact because of its connectivity to small and medium sized merchants, which has obviously had some down.So, we try to give you some different views of color this time and break those segments down incrementally. We didn't highlight necessarily the old way of looking at it how Worldpay did with the tech stack because of the different profile between small business on integrated and the different underlying dynamics going on in e-com, some very positive, some relatively negative being travel and airlines, Dave.
Woody Woodall: We have spent a lot of time detailing out dynamics there, but overall, I'd say, you know, cross border tends to have a little better economics. You know, grocery and drugs have a little less. And then, you know, e-commerce is better than point-of-sale, cross border being the top, e-com being a little better than point-of-sale, but those are kind of at least some of the dynamics we're thinking about in the economics within those individual components.
Woody Woodall: Yes, it's very specific. Our merchant volumes in April were roughly down 30% in the aggregate, generally in line with kind of the Visa, MasterCard information that came out last week. If you look at that compared to our expectation of revenue down roughly 40% in April, we do a lot of tax payment calculations or tax payments for the government and our consumers are filing their taxes, that tax deadline moved from April 15, which is a Q2 item when we normally see the revenue, to July 15 where we'll see that revenue in the third quarter of this year. So, you’ve just got a little swing between the second and third quarter between tax payments just based on moving the tax filing deadline.
Woody Woodall: Yes, I would agree. It has gotten a little bit better and even into, you know, May 7 now, we are seeing the trends improve a little bit. I wouldn't say it's a rapid bounce back, but we are certainly seeing the trend starting to improve to your point, both at the end of April, and into even early May.
Woody Woodall: Yes, that's right. Within the $300 million, certainly, some of it will be permanent in nature. I think it will be aligned with a return to more normalized growth coming on the outside of this. You know we had positions that needed to be filled, but because they're not revenue generating in the short-term…
Woody Woodall: …we're having it frozen versus trying to impact current employees, for example. So, we're definitely going to see some of those costs come back, but some of them will be more permanent as we try to reduce third-party expenses, reduce travel permanently.
Woody Woodall: And reduce consulting costs on a more permanent basis here. So, some will be permanent, some will be short-term in nature.
Gary Norcross: Yeah, look Darrin, we've had extremely strong quarters in sales. We highlighted several in our merchant business, which is just really our global nature and scale coming to play with our strong technology. We think that'll benefit us greatly where obviously we think we'll see a further acceleration from cash to electronic transactions, which will play very strong to our strengths across the board and merchant, but especially on e-com, and also on our integrated platform.So, we're excited about us being able to take share as we come out of this, when you look at the banking, you know, we really have had exceptionally strong results in banking in the sales for consistently every quarter. This quarter by far banking was the leader in our overall sales to help propel us to 15% year-over-year. So, obviously, they were north of that. We are highlighting the significant wins in modern banking, because we've talked about a number of years on this call about when do we think we'll see this trend formation of all this pent-up legacy on-premise capability in very large financial institutions?When do we think we'll start seeing them pull this trigger to start moving to more digital open banking frameworks? And certainly we're seeing that now with these six wins and back-to-back quarters with some really significant ones with three of them being in the Top 30 last quarter alone. As we think about FinTech, you know, one of the reasons that we see them as a competitive front; at this point in time we started our investment two years ago on next generation technology.We're a leader in cloud-based deployment and our systems have performed exceptionally well. We're highlighting the wins and not only modern banking platform, but in our digital channels like Digital One. So, we think that's going to play give us a huge competitive advantage going forward, but with that being said, you know, we also announced this quarter our FIS ventures and 150 million investment that we are going to do in FinTech companies just to make sure that, you know if there's something that we can take advantage of, we will, but there's a lot going on. And we certainly believe that COVID-19 if anything will accelerate this transformation.We have a lot of our customers now, trying to understand how do I get to the cloud? How do I get to automation? How do I get to an open banking platform? Because these legacy systems are very cumbersome, especially during times of crisis like this when you're trying to push people to work from home. We've seen our digital channels, we've seen volume and Woody talked about the 80% growth in digital and e-com. We've seen the similar front on digital across our banking business and even into our capital markets group.So, you know, the demand for consumers to get access to their capabilities in these times of crisis get very high and that that obviously accelerates your need for openness and digital deployment. So, we think this will further accelerate the transformation. We're seeing our pipeline, not only are we having record sales quarter-in quarter-out, we're also seeing a pipeline grow very dramatically. So, we're excited about the position we're in and certainly, we think our team is executing well against it.
Gary Norcross: Yeah, you know, look, we highlighted that in the call. If you would have told me, you know look, a lot of things that we're doing is just unprecedented in this time of crisis. If you would have told me four months ago, we could go to fully remote implementations and banking, I would have said, we're still years away from that. Fast forward, and in the last six weeks, we're at 100%. And I'm involved as you would imagine, at the CEO level with a lot of these large key accounts and we really have not – the team’s just done a phenomenal job I've not missed a beat.Even our capital markets group, which was traditionally on-prem for professional services or a huge percentage of it, we've been able to move that to 90%. So got a little more work to do in capital markets. The team is certainly rallying around that, and the customers are as well, but at this point in time, six weeks in at 100%, remote implementation and banking, that's outstanding, and we feel very good about it. You know, we highlighted the three top 30 wins from last quarter and the three this quarter, but as you imagine, we sign hundreds and hundreds of transactions a quarter in banking. And so the reality is all of those require implementations and really get that 100%. It says a lot about the company and where we've made investments, but also says a lot about our talent here and what they're doing to serve our customers.
Gary Norcross: Yeah, you know, Jason, like we've done in the past, just from my position, it's all about getting this – the integration done as quickly as possible. Frankly, getting your balance sheet reloaded. The faster we can move on integration, whether it's cost or revenue, the better for us as a company because we pull our teams together in a much more galvanized way. Our clients, we, you know, don't see any disruption through the process. So, the fact that we're already going to be well ahead of our targets by the end of this year, I couldn't be more pleased to have a team and if you look at the revenue side as well, Woody gave a lot of input into the kinds of signings that we're seeing in the revenue synergy, and how that's on-boarding, and there's just, you know we're going to continue to lean in on that, but like always, even once we get the cost integration behind us, what you've seen us do at FIS for years is we're always focusing on how to further drive operating efficiencies.Woody highlighted the need to drive more functional organization deployment. We're well down the path. Through the integration of Worldpay that's going to continue reevaluating our real estate as part of COVID-19 as a backdrop we’re so successful at working from home. We're going to really take a hard look at that. So, there's just a lot more, labors who will continue to pull that'll drive benefits into the future, but at some point in time, we'll want to declare victory on the integration. And it's just more about moving on and running the business then.
Gary Norcross: Yeah, no, it's I just couldn't be prouder. David, it's great to hear your voice as well. I'm glad you're doing well. And – but as you think about, I couldn't be prouder of where the sales teams have been in executing in this transformation, and what we're seeing is just a lot of continuous demand. As we've talked in the past, some of these deals have been really long term sales processes. And some of them, you know, when you start getting in the Top 30, some of them are greater than 12 months to implement.So, we've got a really kind of two scenarios. We've got some of our signings on modern banking platform are going to launch with a single product, right to get to market as quickly as possible kind of land and then expand and displace their legacy. Some are looking to big bang displace their legacy in a wholesale broader asset class, and so, for example, moving all of their deposit operations at one time as an example. And so depending on the scope of the implementation also depends on how rapidly you'll start seeing revenues contribute to the banking business.We will with that as a backdrop, though, be driving revenue through the implementation process through professional services. So, you're already seeing some acceleration at growth. Woody talked about banking, really performing well in line with our plan. You know, had you stripped out COVID-19, we were teed up in banking actually.Overdrive this year, given everything that we've signed and given how successful those implementations are going, but implementation typically to answer your question run anywhere similar to the sales cycle about 12 months before you really start seeing real processing revenue dropped at the top and bottom line, and in average across all of our wins in banking. That's, that's consistently what you're seeing.So, you'll notice banking has been very consistent accelerating their growth rates over the last year. That's because of the historical success of sales. So, you have – we had a great quarter six quarters ago, 12 months later, roughly, you're starting to see that on-boarding and vice versa, and you kind of get that momentum. And so, we're really bullish on what's going on in the banking business, similar on the merchant business as well. When you look at what – you look at where they were targeted, Woody highlighted the growth rates that we were seeing on a merchant through January.We saw a little earlier impact and some just due to our Asia exposure with COVID, but just a phenomenal business for us, and really high growth sector markets. And then capital markets just had a phenomenal quarter. That team continues to do an excellent job managing through that transition from license sales, to SaaS reoccurring, and so, really all three segments are performing at a very high level right now for FIS.
Gary Norcross: Yes. No, I think you're bringing up an interesting point. We talk about it almost daily, you know, in our daily debriefs and how we're thinking about the pandemic and the impact it's going to have, obviously, short-term, but also long-term and do I think that remote implementations are going to be the new norm going forward? You know depending on how long this goes, the duration, I think, these practices could get really burned in. You know, do I think they'll say at 100%?You know there's always a time where someone wants to be in the same room, but I do think it will materially change the way we do business with regards to implementation. I think travel and those expenses associated with travel are always a high number with implementations, and certainly, a way for our clients and prospects to lower their total cost of ownership on delivery and implementation. But I do think we'll see a long-term impact where more and more of this will get remote.From a pricing standpoint, I don't see impact there for us. I mean I think whether they're remote or on-prem, the cost of resources – the cost of the resource and the way we price for that, we're not expecting any impact whatsoever, but I do think the ability to do much more of this on a remote basis. I think a lot of our travel, where we were aggressive over the years as all companies were on travel, I think, you'll see that, just in general, come down as well because we've all gotten very successful at video conferencing and working through this new medium as we deliver service.
Gary Norcross: Right. Correct. That is a revenue contribution. You know, I do think we'll be able to offset some of the travel and airlines. You've already got a digital business. It's already larger on a percentage basis of revenue than our travel and airlines business, you've already got that percentage, as Woody highlighted, growing 80%, so they were in. We’re also successfully taking share.So, as you think about it, I do think there's an opportunity here. If you look back historically over the last 12 months, our digital sales have performed very nicely over the last four quarters. And so, I expect that to continue. So quick answer is yes, I do expect that we'll be able to fill in some of that gap. And we also expect to see our travel and airline business start showing some recovery later this year.
Gary Norcross: Yes, I would just – to build on that, Ashwin, what we really wanted to focus on was our employees, our colleagues around the world. We wanted to make sure that, you know, we maintained – unlike the 2008, 2009 crisis, this isn’t a financial crisis, and so for us, it's a health crisis, and we want to make sure that we maintain our colleagues. We want to maintain that we're focusing on our clients and implementation. And so, the short-term levers are not unlike what we pulled in 2008, 2009. And if you'll remember, coming out of 2008, 2009, we actually saw 200% plus of margin expansion.Now, what I would tell you is based on April results and where we're seeing us arrive at a low watermark there, honestly, Woody and I both and the whole leadership team are very confident that we'll get margin expansion for the – few years. But several of these cost levers obviously will come back, right, as – into next year as we start returning to our normal. Some, which will be counted outside of the synergy, will actually have long-term ramifications. As we look at real estate, you know, we're taking a real hard look at our real – our global real estate footprint to start challenging ourselves on, you know, we're so effectively working from home, do you need that real estate going forward? So, there will be some of these levers on hold and we’ll actually have long-term recurring benefit to FIS.
Gary Norcross: Well, I think we're seeing it in our sales, and we're seeing in our accelerating growth rates across all three segments. We made such a conscious decision over about four years ago to really start investing heavily in next generation technologies like the cloud. We leveraged our data center consolidation program, which, as you know, was focused on taking 250 million of cost down annually. All of that investment has allowed us to pivot very, very quickly, to not only work from home, but to drive new capabilities into the market, whether it's through mass enablement of product.You know, we deployed our real time lending solution to more than 80 financial institutions in a week's period of time. I mean, that's just unprecedented and we were able to do that because of the next generation of technology. So, whether that plays in banking, whether that plays in capital markets, whether that plays in merchant, on all three fronts, we've been making those investments and it's really starting to differentiate. We highlighted the large multi-national and literally combining 40 different providers to just FIS globally.If you want an example of where we differentiate, that's the perfect example where we literally can take out 40 different competitors, 40 different solution providers, and really drive a unique omni-channel experience for that single customer in our merchant portfolio. So, we really do think that that investment that we started is really paying huge dividends for us, and look, it's a very competitive market. So, we see a lot of competition out there. We just feel really good about our ability to compete on a number of these fronts.So whether it's availability, we've got industry leading availability across all of our technology stacks; whether it's next generation innovation, and you know, we talked about it on multiple calls, we're bringing new innovations to market that we've been working on. We continue to functionalize a lot of our operation, which really helps us to be much more nimble. We've now pulled all of engineering together on banking and payments, which really allows us to accelerate those kind of investments. So, there's just a lot of things going very well right now at FIS. So, I would say across all three segments, those are the things that really differentiate us.
Gary Norcross: You know, honestly, we feel great about what's going on across our entire market. So, we don't even really – there's really no way to break down GFS, IFS vernacular. We're having tremendous sales success not only in the large financial institutions, but also in community markets. We've continued to do exceptionally well with some of our – with a lot of our investments that we've made around cloud, our investments around digital, and all of those are contributing and grow.So, when we think about where we are in banking today, we really think about a U.S. centric focus on the U.S. centric portion of banking. We really think of it as larger institutions, a larger community banks into the largest in the country, and then, obviously, we think about banking globally in the various regions, whether it's Europe, whether it's Asia-Pacific or LatAm, but we really feel good about where the banking business is stacking up given – and it really does date back to just the significant investments that the team started making in next generation technologies and it's far more than just modern banking platform.If you look at Digital One, for example, our next generation digital omni-channel experience, that’s ubiquitous across all of our markets and across all of our platforms and even plays globally. So, the team's done a really excellent job with next generation design, development and delivery.
Gary Norcross: Yes, just – George as you would expect, as state start lessening, right, their stay-at-home policies and start opening up the states, right, as you would expect, we're starting to see not only those volumes bottomed out, but improvements as those decisions are making and being made.
Gary Norcross: Yes. I mean, look, George, we've talked a little bit about that and another one, but, you know, as you think about real estate, you know, I think we'll make some real estate decisions that will be permanent in nature. You know, as you think about travel, we know – we think that will be very slow to recover on certain things, especially a lot – any kind of discretionary travel. As you think about contractors, as you think about some of those things, and we really – we already had those on target.You know that's a really good opportunity for us to move some of these functions internally to FIS at much lower dollars and we had a lot of that teed up anyway, but that's just all part of the things that we consistently do in running the company. So, I do think some of these – some of those savings will be long term in nature. What we wanted to do as a team is just rally around the need to make sure that we keep our investments going through this pandemic, because obviously, we want to maximize our growth coming out of this.We think there's a real opportunity, given the strength as a company that we can focus on these things and actually make some moves during this time, that'll be beneficial, and obviously to Woody's point we’re really going to focus on our global colleagues, and minimize any impact we can hear just due to the nature of the crisis. So…
Gary Norcross: Well, thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing interest in FIS. In closing, I'd like to thank our clients for the trust they placed in us to keep their businesses up and running through these unique and unplanned times. Their support and heartfelt thanks to our many employees supporting their businesses has been well received and valued by our employees and leadership team.I'd also like to send my sincerest thanks to our more than 55,000 employees worldwide who have remained focused on their health and safety first, while also having a clear understanding of our role as a critical infrastructure provider, knowing that commerce and the financial world relies on us to facilitate the transactions and move the money that fuels the economy. Our employees’ unwavering focus on our clients and their need to stay operational has been remarkable and is a true testament to our lead with integrity FIS culture. Thank you for joining us today.
