James W. Woodall: Pretty close. If you look at legacy SunGard, the organic growth there (20:09) was about 4%, right at 4%, so that left us at a similar level on the FIS side – slightly higher than that, obviously. Obviously saw good margin expansion with the combination of the efforts they put in place, as well as the synergy execution on a stand-alone basis. It'll get more and more difficult to talk about them on a standalone basis as we work through our playbook of integration, but good results on both sides.
James W. Woodall: We do. I mean we're pleased with the growth rate right now. We're pleased with the pipeline. We're pleased with how things are shaping up on the SunGard side. So absolutely. We still feel confident in what we've laid out and our ability to drive revenues in those levels.
James W. Woodall: And to add some color on your other question there, it was more highly weighted in the corporate costs right now, with cost coming out of the operations on an ongoing basis.
James W. Woodall: That's correct. The SunGard portion's pretty small, Brett. So if you remember sort of the views on the -
James W. Woodall: Yeah, I think what you saw was really good growth in Clear2Pay, good growth in Brazil that we talked about. India was very positive. On the opposite side of that, you still have some drag from the people-based services business. They weren't down like they were sequentially in the fourth quarter. They were more along the flat area, year over year, but still a drag to overall growth. So definitely saw an improvement, but still a drag to overall growth.
James W. Woodall: Yeah, I can give you some color. We put in our guide about $150 million. I would tell you we're more in an expectation of around $100 million, given today's rates, David. As you know, pretty volatile. But we're thinking more in a $100 million zone right now.
James W. Woodall: I would tell you we probably expect similar levels. It's an adjustment associated with purchase accounting. So we're adjusting it back in as if SunGard would have recorded it under GAAP. But we would expect similar levels through 2016 and it falling away into 2017, almost nonexistent in 2017.
James W. Woodall: No, I would say no, just a good start to the year. Feel good about the guidance we've laid out and are confident we'll be able to meet it.
James W. Woodall: – that we saw last year, you could see some of that. If we didn't have good sales execution in the back half of the year, you could see some of that. So those would be the kind of things that could happen, Ashwin. We don't foresee those at this point, given what our forecast looks like. But again one quarter doesn't make a year, and we want to make sure we hit what we've outlined to the marketplace.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. I think we always look for ways to look at the portfolio, and what are the best fits for the long term, and what are not the best fits for the long term. We've talked about if we had some ability to sell some assets, it could accelerate the deleveraging of the balance sheet, which we're very focused on. But frankly, it's just we think about those businesses slightly different in their customer base and how we would service that customer base versus traditional financial institutions. So just look at them a little differently.
James W. Woodall: We've talked about looking at all excess free cash flow effectively being used to pay down debt. You can look at our history of driving free cash flow in terms of the curve, Ashwin, along with what we guided to this year. And minus dividends, that excess will be used to repay debt. That'd be a good way to model it.
James W. Woodall: Yeah, term fees in 2016 first quarter were $8 million. That compares to $5 million last year. So, again, much lower than history. With regard to SunGard within the two groups, I think Institutional and Wholesale you saw at 5.4%, so the corporate liquidity and treasury, obviously a little lower than that, flow into the IFS group. With Public Sector and Education growing at 7%. So 5.4% for the Institutional and Wholesale, 7% for Public Sector and Education. Slight decline in the corporate liquidity that flows in the IFS group.
James W. Woodall: I would tell you it's just being conservative. It's a very good start to the year. One quarter doesn't make a year. Just being conservative.
James W. Woodall: Yeah, I think we expected the incentive accruals. As you remember last year, we brought incentive accruals down with the results that we had. What we didn't expect or saw some overdrive in the revenue, some of that margin mix impacted us. So that was about 30 basis points off what our expectation was. So pretty close, but pleased with the revenue growth.
James W. Woodall: Yeah, again, we think the full year is still sort of a 10 to 20 basis point kind of a growth curve. You obviously could see some change in that should the mix continue or accelerate, but we still think that 10 to 20 [basis points] is a pretty good answer.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, Dave. We really saw just a good, solid quarter across the board. I mean, every business line executed very well. The SunGard integration is going extremely well, so the sales teams have not had much distraction at all. We had a real solid kickoff this year. We also had some strong sales that we signaled in the back half of last year that are now translating to the growth this year. We've seen some improvement in our people-based services business, which is also – was a pretty big headwind throughout the year for us last year. But I would just say across the board we saw improvement. We highlighted a number of those areas with good, strong transaction growth in our network. We're seeing strong demand for some of our next-generation innovations we're doing. We also continue to see good response from the sales team around core offerings and all of the pull-through that that can generate across our product suite. And to Woody's point, SunGard – the former SunGard business performed very well for us. We were pleased with the results of that. We had modeled that acquisition in that 3% to 4% range. So that came in on the high end. So all in all just a good quarter across the board.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, Darrin, as I said, we're pleased with the quarter. I think we continue to stay focused on the guidance we've issued. We realize that one quarter doesn't make a year, so we're focused on results. As you mentioned, we've got a lot of stuff that's in the pipeline coming online. But frankly we have that every quarter. And so the team's really focused on execution in 2016, focused on the integration of SunGard, focused on continuing to close out our sales and getting them on board in an appropriate way.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, no, absolutely. I mean the nice thing about SunGard is they look very similar to the way FIS has looked for years. These are very mission-critical, highly reoccurring software products that are required in order for a financial institution to open its doors. So while sometimes we can see impact due to transaction volumes or trading volumes – no different than we can on, for example, our debit network – the reality is for these institutions to open their doors, they need it. So this mission-critical nature is very important. We are seeing some really nice opportunities for pull through. Actually highlighted one in this quarter with that large commercial leasing company. This was a fantastic relationship that FIS had. And by the combination with SunGard, we were able to pull in our new offerings in a particular area that they were looking at and win that transaction. So we're already starting to see some of that. As I've said in the past, what you'll watch for is that really in the back half of the year in early 2017, because sales cycles are long in this business.
Gary A. Norcross: But early signs are we will have a lot of opportunity in the global marketplace with our combined capability.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, that was our Capco consulting business. And as you mentioned, we were pleased with the quarter as well. We've talked about in the past, when you look at Consulting business, you really look at about 120 days to 180 days out. We've got very strong book-to-bill right now coming through Q1, which would indicate good solid Q2. And then that pushes into Q3 and Q4. But we feel good about what the team has accomplished. We certainly made a strategic shift there, and that strategy looks like it's paying off for us.
Gary A. Norcross: I would say it's a combination of both. As we went into this, we realized that SunGard would have not as much overlap as some of our traditional large acquisitions we've done. And so we really stayed focused on the SG&A side; we stayed focused on our leveraged services side. What we've realized as we've gone through this process is there are some opportunities within the former SunGard business to implement changes in the way FIS operates these businesses. So we've seen the combination of accelerated pull-through that was identified in due diligence. We've also seen some opportunities that are new that we didn't discover during due diligence. So we're confident that we'll exit this year with the $150 million in run rate. And as you guys have seen in the past, we typically beat our projections on synergies.
Gary A. Norcross: Oh, we're in the very early stages. We appreciate the congratulations, but when you look at EMV, we're at the very early innings of this. We were quick to market, as we've discussed. We've seen this as a tailwind every quarter for us. We're still the vast majority of the plastics we're producing in the quarter are still non-EMV. And so we've got a lot of room to run with EMV, as we roll that out.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. No, actually – we actually launched a real-time payment network a couple of years ago in PayNet. We've actually partnered with a very large customer that handles some of the largest global banks, and we're deploying a lot of our technology for that real-time payment environment, as we've discussed, David. There's going to be multiple networks to get this done. What we care about is that the underlying technology is FIS capabilities. Certainly that's all been augmented by our Clear2Pay acquisition that we did now a couple of years ago, as we highlighted. You see tremendous growth in Clear2Pay, and that's all around this real-time payments and also least-cost routing. So we think we're in very good position for this, as this comes online. But that client that we announced – I think it was either one or two quarters ago – that process is going very well.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, no, there's been a huge shift in GFS. Certainly, we'll go into a lot more detail next week at our investor update. But when you look at the complement of SunGard products and services and the amount of assets that they brought into GFS from that acquisition, the percentage of revenue tied to now true software and software solutions, whether it's license, maintenance, or outsourcing, has increased that segment to be about 85% of the revenue. So this is a huge shift that has occurred since prior to the acquisition. As you know, product-related sales tend to take longer, right? And then you have to go through an implementation cycle to onboard. So naturally growth is going to slow a little bit than say traditional people-based services businesses that are somewhat detached from software. But the advantage of that concentration is now you're going to see margins lift significantly in GFS. And we think we're going to have a great opportunity with some nice margin expansion in the coming years in that business as it starts taking on more of the characteristics of a true classic IP-type company.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, no. We had a good – as you say, we had a good, solid first quarter. We saw good renewal activity across both IFS and GFS. We saw some good closings, and I highlighted some of the larger ones in my prepared remarks. We see a really good pipeline. I would say we've not seen anything shift with regards to the sales results, although as we've talked about now for multiple quarters, it's a very competitive market. And based on that, we think we've got the solution set and the mission-critical applications to win in those deals. But all in all it was a good quarter across the board.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, no, as we talked about in the end of last year, we made a strategic shift back to more strategic-type transformational consulting, which is the original ethos of our Capco business. As a result of that, we've seen our partners get much more focused on those particular areas. We've seen our pipeline grow. We've seen, more importantly, our book-to-bill number increase significantly, which is two very positive signs. And as I said gave us confidence for Q1, gives us confidence for Q2. We've got some more work to do for Q3 and Q4. But that's the nature of the Consulting business. So we're pleased with the early results of that change. It really does put us now back into a different conversation, where we're able to influence some of the transformation that's going on in the market. And it's really helping us augment a number of our IP services. So we highlighted for example, a large digital transformation with one of our more strategic clients in South America. We'll deliver that through our Capco organization, because it's a one-to-one, but that was led because of the significant relationship FIS has and our ability to leverage that relationship. So those kind of combinations are really what the intent has always been for our Capco consulting business. And as I said, the team has done a nice job.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, I mean we saw a great quarter, frankly, in Public Sector. The leadership team is doing an outstanding job with that business. But I would say, Ashwin, as you've seen historically, as we have products that don't necessarily fit our strategy, doesn't mean that they're not great, great businesses. And so we divested our healthcare business as an example. We divested our gaming business. So – but in the meantime we're going to continue to drive these business lines. We've got great leadership over them and continue to maximize our shareholder returns.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, Ramsey, when we first bought SunGard, honestly, we talked about it when we made the announcement. You're looking at a company that looked very similar to FIS either the early part of this century or in the late 1990s. It had a heavy license fee concentration. So we were very focused on the license fee component of the revenue, because that can be more cyclical and also be somewhat more volatile. What we liked about what SunGard had done is those licenses were then in the form of term licenses. And back to the mission criticality of it, if people don't renew those licenses, those products can no longer be utilized in the particular institution. And therefore not only are they mission-critical, they're very large and very complex to implement. So we continue to watch that metric, but we also feel much better about that now after we've owned the company for some period of time. We continue to watch, just like in all of our large, global institutions, the macroeconomic issues that are going to impact spend. One of the things that we like about FIS is the fact that we have such a diversified revenue portfolio. So what you're finding is this spend can move around the institution. So increased regulatory change can perhaps drive more focus on regulatory and compliance. We now have a suite of solutions to deal with regulatory compliance. We also have robust professional services capabilities around that, as an example. And so what we've got to do is just make sure that our sales teams are tracking where the revenue is being spent, so that we can continue to maximize our growth through as the industry shifts.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, the biggest thing we always watch for in IFS – and as you said, it's very predictable for us – is really where acquisitions are occurring in market. And so the thing that is almost impossible to predict in this industry is when two financial institutions are going to come together, the size of that combination and where their processing is going to end up post-combination. So those are the things that can really impact IFS. We saw that over the last couple of years with some really large combinations. It drives a high termination fee, which drops right to the bottom line, but then you've got to fill in the processing volume. Other than that, really the business is – all the software we deploy in IFS is extremely mission-critical. We've had strong sales success over the last several years, as evidenced by the holes created in the example I just gave and the sales team's ability to fill that in. So we're continuing to monitor IFS, but to Woody's point earlier, we feel good about the quarter they had and frankly feel good about what the year's shaping up to look like for them.
Gary A. Norcross: We're going to go through all of that here in a week at our investor update and give you guys a lot more guidance. But if you look historically, with FIS and our large acquisitions, we've always been able to exceed our goals in those particular areas. Frankly, we're off to a very good start. We feel confident in exiting the year with $150 million in run rate. As more synergies go from identification to projects and timelines for implementation, we'll certainly update you guys as we go forward. Paul Condra - Credit Suisse Securities (USA) LLC (Broker) Okay, thank you.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, well, I mean, NYCE is one of the largest debit networks in market. It's always been a strong grower for us. As you said, it's very issuer-centric, but as we also sign up merchants, large merchants' ability on the acquiring side to then funnel those debit transactions through that network, those volumes, since that business is a collect model, as those transactions come through, you'll see natural revenue ramp and obviously natural profit contribution from that ramp.
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you for your questions today and for your continued interest in FIS. Our deep focus in investment and financial services is allowing us to drive change in the industry. We offer solutions that are making our clients' businesses run efficiently, while at the same time providing them the opportunity to grow and differentiate themselves in an ever-more competitive and strenuous regulatory environment. I'd like to thank our leaders and our more than 55,000 employees for their hard work and dedication in serving our clients. As important, I'd like to thank our loyal clients, who depend on us and trust us to keep their businesses running every day. It is because of our clients and employees that FIS continues to empower the financial world. Finally, please make plans to join us on May 10 for our upcoming Investor Day conference at the St. Regis Hotel in New York, or by dialing into the live WebEx of the event. Thank you for joining us today.
