James W. Woodall: Again, look, our organic revenue for the first half of the year is 4%, and it's in line with our expectations, and we're pretty pleased with it. We continue to see strong demand in services and consulting revenue and have pretty good visibility into the back half of the year. With regard to reported revenue growth, we had mFoundry in there, which has got some growth in there and some of the acquisitions from last year that's driving some additional growth. So we're pleased with our first half of the year and feel comfortable with our growth, but we're not at a point, Ashwin, where we're ready to increase the revenue guidance at this point.
James W. Woodall: Well, we're not giving '14 guidance at this point, Ashwin, but as we've talked about on previous calls, and as you've seen on this call, we're very pleased with our sales success. We may not get it exactly the way it came of, but a combination of the India ATM deals, Bremer Bank, Webster Bank, Guaranty Bank, Sainsbury's, MCX deal, this [ph] and all these wins are items that will help us fill that hole in 2014.
James W. Woodall: Yes, I think as we annualize through 2013, it will be more of a normal run rate, if you will. I don't think you've got a lot of onetimes. From an information security and risk standpoint, in Q2, it's much more business as usual. As you read the paper and look at the news, globally, information security and cyber attacks are more prevalent and complicated, more sophisticated than ever, and we have to be prepared to repel and defend against these attacks. So we continue to invest in that area. Information security has always been a top priority for FIS and will continue to be that.
James W. Woodall: I'll take your first big part of the question first. Brazil did see double-digit growth again. We continue to see good growth down there in both new client adds, as well as card adoption and usage, so saw a good growth in Brazil. I think there were some people worried about some of the macro trends down there. We have not seen it to date, so very positive on Brazil. In Europe, our European business did lose a client in Germany. That, combined with lower license fees, were about a 4-point headwind. As Gary and I have talked about with you guys the last couple of quarters, we continue to see a shift between onetime license fees more to ongoing outsourcing revenue, which will be lumpy from quarter to quarter, from time to time. So we did see a client deconversion. We saw some lower license fee in the second quarter. That's not necessarily a bad thing, with the change to license -- to outsourcing from license, but it did have about a 4-point headwind in the quarter.
James W. Woodall: And in the back half of the year, we're still very comfortable with double-digit growth in International.
James W. Woodall: Yes, if you look at when we did the acquisition of Capco, there was an earnout connected to revenue and profit performance over a several-year time horizon. As we've looked at Capco's ability to drive additional services in the LFI space or the GFI space, our viewpoint around that division has improved. We believe that their ability to grow the revenue and the profit has improved from our original base case. And what that does is it requires a change in the estimated earnout liability or an increase to the estimated earnout liability. So that's really what drove that acquisition.
James W. Woodall: Yes, let me just take you back, looking at revenue, it was about $7 million for the quarter, so a relatively small impact for us, net 2 points on the international growth rate. For earning -- the earnings impact, in the aggregate, was very, very small, minutiae basically. We haven't given out specific India cost base with regard to our exposure or the benefit that we might get out of India. I can tell you for the second quarter, our overall earnings impact around FX rates was just not material there.
James W. Woodall: That's right. I think in October, really, it was the actual deconversion. So fourth quarter, you'll definitely see an impact. You will see an impact because we had some heightened services in the third quarter of 2012. So until we annualize that into the fourth quarter, you will still see it as a bit of a headwind in the third quarter.
James W. Woodall: Just to add some color around that, again, domestically, we just don't see anything on the horizon. We do continue to look internationally if we can find new markets or new opportunities that can supplement that large growth market.
James W. Woodall: Yes, again, we continue to keep it on 3 legs, right, investing for growth, spending 5% to 6% of our revenue back and investing in the business through CapEx. We anticipate keeping our targeted debt at or slightly below 2.5x. It was slightly up on Q2. That's really more seasonality. We tend to tick up slightly in the second quarter and then drive that back down, which we anticipate to drive down the 2.5x or so by the end of the year. And then we've continued to look at share re-buybacks -- or share buyback as an additional way to give value back to shareholders. We bought $100 million in the first quarter, $125 million in the second quarter and have $425 million or so remaining under our authorization. So our capital allocation priorities have remained consistent.
James W. Woodall: Yes, I think we're kind of targeting trying to get down to 2.5x. And then longer term, the target will be at or slightly below 2.5x.
James W. Woodall: That's correct. We still feel very confident in double-digit growth for the full year internationally.
James W. Woodall: To be specific on the numbers, too, we've typically gotten more of a 10% year-over-year decline. First quarter, I think you saw that more of a 3.5% to 4% type decline. Again, we said one quarter doesn't make a trend, but we have seen second quarter also being that same range of 3.5%, 4%. So...
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, Ashwin, just to build on Woody's comment, I mean, you're seeing it every quarter. You're continuing to see our sales coming on in very highly, reoccurring, outsourced leveraged transactions. When you look at the Sainsbury's example, when you look at MCX, these take time to convert, take time to ramp up. And we're really seeing a continued decline in bigger license deals, which -- so long term, it's a great outcome for us as a company, but those deals just continue to push and may take longer to onboard and start putting to the revenue line.
Gary A. Norcross: Exactly right. I mean, we never thought that we would fill like-for-like on the M&I platform. We knew that our strength of the company is our diversification of product, our diversification of platform, diversification of market. And so you'll continue to see us log these big wins around the globe, and all of those things will help us as we go into 2014.
Gary A. Norcross: But there's not a lot of onetime in this. And as Woody said, this is really the new norm, and everybody in this industry are going to be subjected to making those investments.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, Brett, this is Gary. I think that's well said. I mean, we have forecasted over now for multiple quarters this move towards outsourcing, this move toward services. Certainly, our consulting practice leads the way with an indicator of what's going on in the various markets. And we see that the very positive aspect as well that we're signing these larger, more complex, more transformative deals. I mean, clearly we have the M&I grow-over that we have to deal with, but we deal with grow-overs every year. This one's just -- this one's a little more chunky. But we feel good about our go-to-market. We feel good about the success we're having. We've said also in multiple quarters, the rate at which our license fee business had dropped off was a little faster than I think we thought. We actually don't see that as a bad thing. Once again, I think clients are looking for ways to transform their environments, get costs down, go with a provider that has the scale and capabilities for them to be successful in the future. And we're seeing it in not only our pipeline, as Frank mentioned, which is very robust, but in the signings that we're having every quarter.
Gary A. Norcross: So to your margin question specifically, clearly, those -- these larger opportunities come on at lower margin than a license fee transaction. As you know, historically, FIS has always done an excellent job at controlling our costs and getting our costs out margin expansion. But we're always looking for good profitable revenue growth. And so if we have to take a little less margin expansion to get that, we see that as a good outcome. But we'll continue to stay focused on the cost side of the equation as well because we know, as these deals in our pipeline continues to transform, there's going to be areas that we're going to be able to pull down investment and/or reduce our cost structure to help augment that.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, no, it's a good question. We're going to try to not talk about where we are at bookings year-to-date every quarter. But as I said in my prepared remarks, they are definitely up year-to-date and actually up very nicely. When you talk about our Report of Exam, as you know, that's confidential document, but certainly, we're working with our clients on that and, at this point, monitoring it very closely. Our pipeline is very strong, and our booking success was very strong in Q2. We feel we're going to have a good solid Q3 results as well, but we're going to continue to monitor that.
Gary A. Norcross: Glenn, to build on that, our confidence in Europe -- to your point specifically, while our confidence in Europe, I mean, we definitely don't do this. It's very rare for us to talk about a potential client signing, but since Sainsbury's Bank actually announced that we're the vendor of choice, that certainly -- and we've already got a fairly significant staff engaged there and working on the implementation, we feel very good about Europe in general. We've forecasted that for the last several quarters. With all the consulting activity, we continue to see that grow and rise every quarter, and so we feel good about that. Now we're starting to see some of these large transformational deals we talked about. Now of course, Sainsbury's has got to get regulatory approval, and we got to get the final agreement signed, but they are -- and we do have people engaged there, a fairly significant amount, and they are paying us. So we feel good about where Europe is going.
Gary A. Norcross: David, this is Gary. I mean, we're going to try to avoid giving specifics around these contracts as they're confidential. I can certainly -- we feel confident that Sainsbury's will be the largest core banking deal done in Europe that we're aware of, from a sizing standpoint. MCX, as I highlighted in my prepared remarks, even just under the minimums to operate the network will be a significant win for us. We judge significant wins as contracts greater than $25 million, just to kind of give you some scoping. Obviously, these would be much larger than that. So -- but in general, these are very, very nice transactions for us and can produce meaningful movement for us.
Gary A. Norcross: Correct, TCV. When we've started looking at large contracts, when you get a total contract value of greater than $25 million, we consider that a fairly large transaction. We have -- given our size, as you would imagine, we do thousands and thousands of contracts a year. And so a deal of a size greater than $25 million over the term is a fairly significant deal for us.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. It's been pretty consistent, David, and it really has not changed much. We continue to see some price compression on the unit costs. That renewal time around existing services, we typically guide it somewhere between 100 and 150 basis points of headwind. But we also continue to see us take much more wallet share during that process, the renewal process, or throughout the agreement. And so we continue to see renewals as an opportunity to do our cross-sell and up-sell. That's what typically is going on in the community markets, both credit union and community banks. As you move up into, really, the large financial institutions in International, those tend to be much more services-oriented and much more complex transactions, so the whole concept of unit costs are a little different in that market. It tends to be geared around the service of capability, a person or delivery. And those deals are of the size that is just really driven by the market. There's not unique trends because those, when you get the best size, tend to be unique. We shared the unit costs in India. That was an exception when we went through the India process, and as you know, that ended up being -- we disclosed that one, a $0.5 billion CV. And so -- but that one -- those unit costs were very, very profitable. Considering all of the circles that went, they were on the higher end of those circles.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, all good questions, Julio. Let me just start at the top and tell you what it is. Basically, what we're doing is leveraging our network services infrastructure, so we're doing all switching, we're doing all routing, we're doing all settlement, we're doing all network management. If one of our clients happens to be the issuer, then also we'll do the authorization, as you would expect. As far as -- so that's what's in it from an FIS standpoint. So basically, we're running the entire network. We do that -- a lot of that, as you would expect. We do it not only for ourselves. We own a couple of networks, but we also do it for some third parties for some large -- other large networks out there. So this is not a difficult process for us but leveraging a lot of our capabilities, so it's a great win. As far as is mFoundry involved in this transaction today, no, but there are certainly some opportunities as we continue to evolve with mobile, with PayNet, with some of those other things. Today, we -- as I said, it's just that we're doing all the infrastructure work for them. MCX is really going to drive what is offered amongst this network. So we bring value in financial institution exposure. We will help MCX with a lot of financial institutions who want to join the network. But they will decide whether credit will be offered as well today. Certainly, the capabilities are there to offer credit. The -- today, it's going to be a debit-oriented platform, and it's going to be a mobile wallet offering, so more of a card not present at the start. But MCX will be laying out more of their vision and timing for it to roll out in those things.
Gary A. Norcross: There will be a potential for some ACH there as well. As I've said, MCX will drive how they want to settle those transactions. And obviously, if the financial institutions -- once they are a member of MCX, there is definitely going to be a realtime settlement as well.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, we've talked about this on prior calls. Given our size and scale internationally, EMV is not something for us to be worried about. We've been doing EMV for years outside of the U.S. We certainly are rolling it out now domestically. Some of our larger clients are starting to roll that out on a small scale. We are ready for EMV when the market is ready for it. And we continue -- as I said, we do have some limited rollout in the U.S. now, especially in their larger scale clients, where they have a lot of international travel.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, we've done a number of tuck-in acquisitions recently, right? We've -- and we've got a lot of capabilities to help train our clients around compliance and regulatory. We continue to see consulting services drive across that. Will it be a tailwind for us? We always think that -- we've always said, traditionally, regulatory change is a good thing for FIS. And having been with the company 25 years, I mean, look, over a long period of time, but any time there is a significant regulatory change, it tends to be very positive for FIS.
Gary A. Norcross: John, I think we're going to stay pretty -- we continue to be committed to our strategy. We think it's a strategy that works. Obviously, we've done a lot of very large transactions over the last 10 to 15 years, culminated with Metavante. Since that time, we're really looking for stuff that really brings us new capabilities or breaks us into new markets. So we're looking more for stuff like mFoundry. We've seen mobile as a great opportunity. We made a minority investment there for years as mobile ramped up. And we think we timed that inflection point of when now mobile is really accelerating. You hear that in our comment. Buying other companies that have other core banking systems, it just brings too much overlap to our client base. And frankly, for us, given where our assets are today and the strength of those assets and the success we're having around them just really brings us a problem. And so we're not interested in doing those kind of transactions today. They just don't -- they don't fit our strategy. But we continue to look for things that do bring us new technology, accelerate and augment things where -- that we already have in our portfolio.
Gary A. Norcross: We really don't. No, Ramsey. I mean, we always monitor that -- those kind of changes, regulatory changes worldwide. But at this time, we don't see any impact.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, 2 things. So let's -- we always want to make sure we're clear about our check business. There's really 2 check businesses. We have the check authorization at the point of sale. And then we have the -- what we would consider the back-office check processing business for financial institutions. As we've shared with you, we think that the check authorization business at the point of sale will continue to decline, although we are seeing that decline starting to slow. Interesting, on the back-office business, we've also forecasted and we're starting to see that, where our financial institution check processing business is really starting to shallow, we're faster, so the decline is actually slowing. We are actually starting to see -- maybe that's going to even be a headwind for us or turning into a headwind because -- I mean, tailwind, excuse me. As clients start getting their volumes down to a certain level, they are naturally going to want to outsource that function to us. So we actually think, while we said before this is not a business that you would necessarily get into in 2013, given our scale and size, it's going to be -- it's a good business for us. As these volumes continue to come down, more and people want to outsource us.
Gary A. Norcross: Which is exactly what we've predicted. As you get more and more personnel volume out of the mix, it's just being augmented. The business volume is not falling off as rapidly.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, Ramsey, at this point, I'm going to put it under the niche column. I couldn't speak to specifics on it, but we'd certainly going to circle back around and follow up with you on it. But the PIN, has not been touting that as a huge opportunity at this point.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, I know, it's a great question. And as you would expect, Tien-Tsin, we've gotten a lot of calls from our financial institution clients. I think, one, what our clients are telling us, there really couldn't be a better partner MCX could have chosen because we are so financially institution-centric. And what I think one of the things MCX saw was our ability to access a very high volume of financial institutions. So I think a lot of the financial institutions are in a wait-and-see, right, exactly what is MCX going to become, what is the volume that is going to get pushed across of it. They see us as a great opportunity to be an intermediator and help negotiate good pricing for the network. So I would tell you the response has been positive, but there is a lot of questions on exactly what MCX is. We're giving our long-standing relationships of driving highly bank-centric networks. They certainly see us as a strong advocate for them to get to a win-win.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, I mean, Woody and I both counted Sainsbury's coming on. I mean, that's going to continue to ramp up. That's a very large deal. You're seeing Vietinbank that we doubted coming on. The India ATM rollout is going very well. I'm just very pleased with the results that team is producing. Brazil continues to stay strong. So we think that's going to continue to be a tailwind for us as well. So we're bullish on International for the back half of the year.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, I'll tell you, I mean, our consulting business, Capco, it continues to grow very, very nicely, all right, in both Europe and the U.S. So we're very pleased with the growth you see in our accrual we have to make on the earnout. Certainly, activities around regulatory compliance and being able to meet the needs of those regulatory changes or great consulting engagements for our team. We've got some of the -- obviously, we've got -- we feel we got the best consultants in the industry, and so it aligns very well with that. So I think you're right, it can continue to grow further engagements and continue to help propel growth in Europe.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes, well, what happened is we've actually got evidence historically, Tien-Tsin, if you look back -- I don't know if you remember the Barclays announcement several years ago. There was a major regulatory change around lending, and they weren't able to implement it through their legacy systems in time to meet the regulatory challenge. So we were able to pick up Barclays through that transaction on an outsourcing basis. So I think there's going to continue to be opportunities like that. As I said, historically, regulatory change has always been a positive for FIS. You start with the consulting engagement and the training around it, but then customers have to adopt those regulations, and that plays typically very well into our platforms. And since we're the leader in the outsourcing space, it tends to come on in an outsourcing manner.
Gary A. Norcross: Yes. I mean, we view a significant contract, Brett, as anything that's got total contract value of $25 million. Clearly, we signed a lot of deals that are a lot larger than that. The India ATM deal was worth $0.5 billion just on TCV, and that should suggest to you guys we're conservative in nature. So when we calculate this internally, we look at what are the minimums that have to be paid under that contract, not what the future could hold, right, to judge the sizings. And so certainly, when we look at Sainsbury's, when we look at MCX, these are substantially larger than what we would -- what we consider a large transaction for us.
Gary A. Norcross: That's for FIS. And so once again, those are -- we adjust that off minimums or from a conservative standpoint. So we would expect nothing but upside when we talk about contract sizing.
Frank R. Martire: Brett, the thing is our clients are looking for the servicing capability. So we have the products, but fortunately, we're well positioned with our servicing offerings that we could give to our clients today. And that's what they're looking for. They're looking for that mix not only of products but all the servicing capabilities.
Frank R. Martire: Yes, Glenn, it's actually a win-win situation for us. It's very good for the company, and it's excellent for the Capco personnel also.
Frank R. Martire: They're both very significant deals. And it's not only about what they are today but what they could -- potentially could be in the future for us.
Frank R. Martire: So, John, if you look domestically, we just have highly competitive core products that we feel really good about. And we just -- honestly, as Gary talked about, and Woody right now, we absolutely don't see the need to acquire or bring in other core products to compete against what we have when, in fact, right now, we feel we have the best in the marketplace.
Frank R. Martire: Right, because as they're losing volumes, the unit cost is going up so high, they're looking to see if they could outsource it.
Frank R. Martire: A combination of pipeline. And if you look at these 3 or 4 significant deals, their opportunity to grow over the next few years is significant.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang: Okay, good. Just want to make sure that those are coming, as you suggested. The last one for me, just I caught the question-and-answer on the Europe regulation stuff. Any chance that, that could -- on any change in rules or what have you, any chance that could help Capco from an advisory standpoint? It seems like that's an area where you could help with adopting.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang: And then also put a freeze on spend in the region as well as we're trying to figure out what to actually do. And if I can see both sides of it, just trying to assess if that's the situation.
Tien-Tsin T. Huang: Yes. And then how about just a push towards outsourcing? I can see an argument for banks wanting to cut costs but then also maybe take a wait-and-see view on things.
