James Woodall: Yeah. A couple of things. We think IFS will be above the midpoint of our guidance, so above 4.5%. If you look at individually within the quarter, we had some term fees in the Corporate and Digital area. Instead of 1%, the growth in Corporate and Digital would have been about 4%, ex the term fees.
James Woodall: We're pleased with 4% growth in Banking and Wealth, and Payments will have a little bit more of a difficult comparable in the fourth quarter around EMV, as we've been outlining for the last couple of quarters. But we certainly like the growth year-to-date, and certainly feel like we're going to be above midpoint, particularly being November the 1st with a couple of months to go, Darrin.
James Woodall: Darrin, the other component around that would be the composition of the GFS segment. The growth in Institutional and Wholesale at 4% for the year, and the growth in Banking and Payments at 5% for the year, are becoming a larger and larger component of the business, which come with larger higher margins, and that's helping from an organic or ongoing basis as well, in that segment.
James Woodall: We talked about 20% to 30% on the second quarter call, David. I would tell you we're probably little more than 30% at this point. I think it's more normal and ordinary course into 2017. We'll see the volumes at higher levels than earlier in 2015 and 2016. But I think the volumes will be more in line with normal ordinary course versus a tailwind.
James Woodall: Yeah. I'll try to give you some of the math, and then maybe Gary can touch on the broader demand question. If you look at the math, we were at about 1% for the quarter. I would tell you that was about in line with our expectations. If you go back to the previous commentary, it was easier comps in the second half of the year. That is still consistent. We would tell you we still look at mid-single digit growth for the full year and probably sequentially around flat for the fourth quarter, which obviously would drive a significant increase into the fourth quarter in terms of quarter-over-quarter growth, Brett. So still mid-single digit for full year. We've got about a one-to-one type book-to-bill ratio, so feel good about our line of sight into the fourth quarter, as we've talked about before. Got very good line-of-sight about three months out and then less visibility as you look further on the calendar, but we feel good about the guide. We feel good about mid-single digit and feel good about what we previously described to you guys.
James Woodall: No, if you look at Banking and Payments at 11%, if you exclude the Sainsbury one-time fee we grew 8%. So solid growth in Asia-Pacific as we've talked about with some of the wins in the India market and then continued revenue growth in Brazil despite the macro economy. So I would say we have a very good quarter in terms of Banking and Payments within the GFS segment even excluding the Sainsbury one-time fee.
James Woodall: The in-year, next year, I would say probably in that zone, Dave, more of our synergies in 2017 are probably back half than front half as we've got some particular conversion dates and cutover dates. But, I think that's reasonable in how to think about it.
James Woodall: Yeah. With regard to the growth, we had a large license renewal in 2015 in the third quarter. That didn't recur in the third quarter of 2016, but we absolutely anticipate growth in the Institutional and Wholesale to be higher in the fourth quarter, as we talked about in the commentary from last quarter, and still believe that we're in that 4% to 5% zone.
James Woodall: If you think about it, Jim, we don't anticipate Zelle to be a significant driver of revenue growth for us in 2017.
James Woodall: If it becomes a significant revenue driver, we would call it out. We don't anticipate that to be a significant driver in 2017.
James Woodall: Yeah. I would tell you, license fees were down about $10 million year-over-year in terms of the timing of renewals. We did about $80 million of license fees in Q3 of 2016, and about $90 million on an adjusted combined basis in 2015.
James Woodall: To be clear, it just makes growth more difficult. The volumes of EMV issuance themselves continue to grow, but the year-over-year impact in terms of the growth percentage becomes more difficult in terms of comparables.
James Woodall: We issued about 12 million cards this quarter from an EMV perspective, and would anticipate that level going forward.
James Woodall: None whatsoever. Feel very good about how IFS is producing. It'll be above midpoint of that guide for the full year. GFS will be in that midpoint of the range for the full year, is our anticipation, with probably higher margin expansion than we originally anticipated. This being partially offset by lower growth in our Corporate and Other that I highlighted will continue to be a headwind for us.
James Woodall: To answer your first question, if you normalize timing, I&W for the quarter was about 4%. It's about 4% for the full year. We underwrote the deal at probably 3.5%, so it's performing better than we underwrote the deal, as Gary mentioned, and feel good about that level of growth.
James Woodall: The teams are very focused on it, as we've talked about throughout the year, and certainly happy with the results on the synergy side right now. Obviously, being able to upgrade that a couple of times this year.
James Woodall: Certainly you're making sure you're at a NPV-positive position on it. But customers are looking at more of an outsourcing solution versus some of the license model. I don't think that turns overnight. I think that's a multi-year transition but we are certainly starting to see it. I think the derivatives utility is a perfect example of that, where we're seeing first two customers actually come on and convert. As we continue to put more clients on that platform you'll see additional scale over time, a lot like you saw the transition in the IFS group over the past decade.
James Woodall: Yes. This is not a significant shift forward, but does come at a slight change in depreciation that we just wanted to call out so everybody's models get accurate.
James Woodall: No, the interest cost is more of a normal run rate. You can look at the refinancing that we did with the rates on the individual bonds and do the math on that one. But it'll certainly flow into 2017. With regard to the capital, we are not given a guide on 2017, we're right in the middle of the planning process right now. I think the really thing to stay in mind is we're comfortable with the revenue and profitability guide back from May that we outline.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. And just add to that, Darrin, if you like look at the license fee comment, typically Q4 is a very large quarter for license fees historically, and as we get more comfortable with the Institutional Wholesale business, former SunGard, you're going to see more of this lumpiness as license fees flow in various quarters. But we'll see a nice quarter in license fees in Q4 for that business as well.
Gary A. Norcross: Darrin, if you looked at what's going on in the synergies, obviously when we originally entered the year, we had thought we would get full $200 million of run rate synergies out in two years, $100 million by the end of this year and $100 million by next year. What we're seeing, and frankly seeing some of that in the capital needs, we're able to accelerate a lot of our projects that exist in our playbook. We talk about our integration playbook all the time, and we're just able to accelerate those programs and get to them on a much faster basis. Frankly, the cultural elements of the two company came together much cleaner than what we've seen in other large acquisitions we've done. The alignment of leadership teams and the focus. And so it's allowed us to accelerate a lot of the programs that are in our existing playbook. It's actually driven our capital a little hotter than what we would typically see, but all for a good outcome. And so that's why we're very confident of hitting the run rate of $200 million this year, and as Woody said, more than $250 million next year. But we're not done. We're very focused on continuing to execute the integrations, continuing to look for opportunities to drive out synergies, but it's really just been the acceleration of our integration playbook.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, no, David, it's a great question. We're very excited about the opportunities when we look at our post-trade processing unit. The team has done an excellent job of not only signing customers, but also onboarding them. We've got a very full pipeline, with various institutions looking for ways to lower their total cost of ownership, leverage our best practice through our utility like deployment. So, we'll continue to see this business be a tailwind for us into the future.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, as you can imagine, it's a great question. When you're dealing with these large global institutions, these sales engagements tend to be longer in nature. We highlighted obviously the significant implementation of Sainsbury, which was a very large deal. We do have a number of other key opportunities that are in the pipeline today that the teams are working very focused on. As you mentioned, given the regulatory compliance arena, given the need to take out cost and lower the total cost of ownership, we do continue to see more opportunities of larger institutions trying to figure out ways to leverage our capabilities to address those two topics. And so, we see a really good opportunity for us in the future, and the team continues to execute well. But, as I said, these sales engagements take time and they don't move as fast as what we've seen in traditional community and regional banks. But some good opportunities out there for us.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, David. We talked about this on some of the earlier calls. What was interesting about our client base – and I think maybe some of it was due to some of our larger clients. We had several of our customers reissue 100% of their card base, just wanted to immediately go EMV across the entire card base. To Woody's points, we're now more in that maintenance rollout phase where we've got our clients as they're normally coming and their mag stripes are coming up for maintenance replacement tenures then we're replacing that. But we're still at a very good strong quarter of growth in EMV, and that's going to continue to be an area where we'll produce a lot of EMV cards going forward.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. I think Woody kind of hit it all, Brett. Honestly our Consulting group is performing exactly where we thought it would. As Woody said, Q4 is a much easier comp. We saw significant deceleration last year. Given our book-to-bill and where it is right now, we're very confident going into the quarter. Frankly, as we've discussed we have focused now – we have moved capital back more towards truly transformative Consulting engagements. We're seeing the results of that in our margin. Our margins are coming up in that Consulting business, which is good. Lance and his team are doing an outstanding job running that business for us. As we've also talked about, we really are looking for Capco to augment our engagements where we have product involved in large-scale engagements, and so that's an important role for us. So intentionally by design we're not going to be running Capco on the top line as hot as we have in the past. You can do that, but obviously it comes with a margin sacrifice. So we're just very focused on the right type of engagements and having Capco perform the purpose that it was designed when we did the acquisition. But we're pleased where the business is today. We've got a very strong team running that business today and some really good engagements going on.
Gary A. Norcross: I think we're still early on Brexit. Obviously Article 50 could be filed into Q1 next year. They've got up to two years. There's still a lot of uncertainty of what this is going to mean. Typically, as we've said in the past, regulatory change has typically been a tailwind for FIS of significance, but it's still too early to know what the impact is going to be. But as we start watching for it, our Consulting business will be the early indicator. So we'll continue to monitor that closely. Given the long term nature and reoccurring nature, mission-critical nature of our software products, you'll see less impact short term in that area. So we'll continue to monitor it very closely, but we still got some time before we will know the answer to that question.
Gary A. Norcross: Jim, it's a great question. We will participate in Zelle; we'll certainly be exposing a lot of our clients to that opportunity. We talked a lot about real-time payments on this call in the past. We certainly have what I would consider a multitenant approach. We're not sure that one size is going to fit all for all of our clients, and so – but certainly Zelle will play a part of our strategy going forward.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. And just to build on that, Woody hit it, Glenn, earlier on an earlier call, but the structural improvement in GFS to the percentage of our revenue truly tied to a software solution now, whether it's on an outsource or a license basis. With synergies – a lot of those synergies coming in GFS, the incremental margins on those dollars being produced are just higher, and we're seeing that. So, as Woody talked about in his prepared remarks, we're now – if you remember when we started off this year, we were thinking that we could get GFS from a low 21%, 22% margin business up to that 27%, 28% margin business. Now it looks like will be exiting the year at 30%. So you can see where the synergies are falling and then that place to the contribution going forward as our revenue, while revenue growth continues in that market, it's continuing now in software solutions instead of services-based solutions. So that structural transformation is significant for us.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. No. It's a great outcome to the implementation of Sainsbury. The team did a phenomenal job getting that bank converted. We've talked a lot about the history of it. We've got another phase of implementation that'll be coming on next year which the team feels very good about, but you've got now a decade-long processing agreement that, as Sainsbury continues to grow and expand the business, we will benefit of that as our unit times rate continues to accelerate. So we feel great about the long-term relationship and the outcome of this engagement.
Gary A. Norcross: That's exactly where I was going to go, Woody. I mean we've seen this transition before. This takes years and years to complete. We'll continue to see extremely high renewal rates on our licensing clients; we'll continue to see new deals in licensing. This doesn't happen overnight. But as we continue to see growth in the processing business, it'll be a very positive long-term outcome. You'll see our overall reoccurring revenue percentages of GFS continue to accelerate. You can look at IFS now in the upper 80s percent. So, but it will take years for this to transition.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. No. We're not-we don't see that is going to make a significant impact. I will tell you, you highlighted Clear2Pay specifically continues to do well and so continues to be a nice growth engine for us. But no real commentary on that.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, I mean, let me first start at a high level, Paul, and then let Woody get into the details. But, keep in mind, as we accelerate these synergies, there's capital involved in those. As we select enterprise systems, and we move all of former SunGard to a common payroll system, for example, common human capital system for FIS, these come at a capital cost. And we were always planning on that but as we accelerate these synergies, right, you're going to see an accelerated need for capital. So it's all a positive outcome from our perspective. But, I also don't want to trivialize there's a lot of things that we're excited about in the industry highlighted one but there's some great opportunities to make some investments into our products to continue to maintain the growth, accelerate the growth in some areas and generate the profits we're looking for and our shareholders are looking for. So we don't think it's going to be something – you're never going to see this capital accelerate significantly, but as I said, we'll be running right around 6.5% for the year.
