James Kehoe: Yes, I think it’s fair that we really don’t want to get into giving any guidance for 2024 on this call; however, I would give you some information based on communications previously. One is Future Forward - this has been an incredible success year to date, and frankly, it’s just gaining momentum. You’ve seen $55 million of savings year-to-date ramping up to $100 million in the full year, so that’s the benefit in the current year, and the run rate exiting the year is $200 million, so I think you can be quite comfortable on margin improvements over time across the business on continuing operations. I did say in my prepared comments, maybe I’ll just re-emphasize that, I hope you noted from my comments that we said we will increase EBITDA margins on continuing ops in the fourth quarter.
James Kehoe: I think I’d wait until the year-end call, and as Stephanie said, we’re also going to do an investor day sometime in April. Between now and then, we’ll get more visibility on our 2024 plan and our long term plants. We have scenarios already, quite detailed ones. I think I would point to the way we laid this out - we said at least $3.5 billion, so the short answer to your question is there is probably more capacity based on the continued strength of free cash flow delivery, which is coming in well ahead of our expectations, so. In short, yes, but we’re going to monitor it and we’re not going to over-promise anything here.
James Kehoe: Well, what I said internally, I joined for the three Ps because I like to keep things relatively simple. I think it was passion, so when Stephanie first interviewed me, I sensed the passion and the drive to really change the company. Two was the people I met in the interview process, the leadership team, these people that will drive the company to success, and then the last one was potential. I know you wanted, we definitely wanted the share price to increase, and I looked at it and I think the plans we have are incredibly compelling, and I joined for the potential of the future. What can I bring? Well, I tell you, I’m 10 weeks in and I’ve spent an awful lot of time in accounting, and I’m not actually an accountant, but I have gone through discontinued operations and I can tell you, this is absorbing an incredible amount of time, the Worldpay transaction, the accounting behind it. I’ve put a lot of energy and focus into capital allocation priorities and how do we clarify a lot of the previous communication around Worldpay and around capital allocation priorities. But looking forward, I think just my personal goals are to engage more with the investor groups, and then too is the 2024 and beyond plans, what are the business plans, are they credible, how do we generate more cash from the business, and then how do we ensure that we have a balanced capital allocation framework, and that was the key word in what I present - it’s balance. I think we need this correct balance between how do you grow the business organically, inorganically, but also returning sufficient capital to shareholders, and I think the current set of communications achieves that. Is there more we can do over the next 12 to 18 months? The answer is yes, and Stephanie and I are intensely focused on this.
James Kehoe: Yes, I think the key part is the right-hand side of that chart, which--you know, just to explain the disc-ops, there’s a set of rules around it that are somewhat illogical, because accounting is not always fully logical and you can only allocate to a disc-ops P&L something that’s actually directly related, so you can’t allocate anything--you can’t put it in the interest costs unless the legal entity had interest costs, so that’s why on the right-hand side.  What we were thinking of is, you know, we’re going to--we’ve actually filed quarterly income statements for disc-ops and RemainCo to help you rebuild your models, but if you rebuild based on what we gave you, you’d arrive at $3.30 to $3.40 for RemainCo, but it’s wrong. You’ve got $630 million, $650 million of interest expense. Once we pay down the debt, that’s going to go down by half - you know, I’m just giving you rough numbers, and then two is you’re taking the repurchases, and all we did in calculating this capital deployment of 65, we basically say you’re paying down $9 billion of debt and you’re paying it down at the average interest rate, which is quite low - it’s 3.2%.  The other part is you’re taking the share repurchase, and this is quite conservative because what we’ve done is we took the $3.5 billion and we assumed that we would have repurchased shares during the course of 2023, but if you flip out--you know--no, 2023. Then if you flip out, because this is trying to represent what the base year would look like if the transaction was done at the beginning of the year, but if you look at some of the opportunities here, first of all, you’re going to grow off the $4.40 to $4.55 base, so you’re going to have a normal year of growth, but also you’re going to get the full year impact of the share repurchase program, right? Once we start doing it, you’re going to get the full year. Now, that will hit more in 2025, and then as I look at this, I see there is incredible opportunity on the NCI line, so this $0.60 to $0.65, I think there’s a lot of opportunity. This is a standalone company, it will be more aggressively managed for cash. I think they’ll pay down debt incredibly quickly, and because they’ve loaded it with so much debt, the actual change in EPS contribution will be probably quite a fast clip.  We’re just--we were careful here not to give guidance on the future, but what we’re saying is we’re trying to put a stake in the ground and say the base year is this. It will be kind of strange next year because once we start reporting against continuing operations and we’ve separated the two companies, we will be reporting very high EPS growth rates because we’ll be comparing against the $3.30, $3.40, and you will be implementing a buyback of $3.5 billion and you’ll have a huge savings on interest expense, so the headline EPS growth rates will be extraordinary. But what we’re trying to say is some of that is coming from the fact that you’re recovering from the dilutive transaction. That’s why this chart, we hope it helps every participant to understand the way we’re thinking about this, but $4.40, $4.55 is the floor, and against that floor, we’re going to grow next year.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, thanks for the question, Tien-Tsin. I would say absolutely, if you think about the strength in what we continue to lean into all year, and as well in the fourth quarter, is the strength of recurring revenue both in banking solutions and capital markets. I think James mentioned in his prepared remarks, we’re expecting recurring revenue in banking in the fourth quarter to be 3%, capital markets 7%, so a lot of strong recurring revenue growth. We would expect to see that continue as you think about 2024. There is some lumpiness in the non-recurring lines - he mentioned, if you recall last year, capital markets had a very large one-time license renewal that drove a significant growth rate in the fourth quarter of last year, so we’re lapping that.  I agree - would not over-pivot in terms of reading the non-recurring headwinds in fourth quarter into 2024. I think as we think about 2024 and reflecting on 2023, we talked about strong recurring revenue growth but having some headwinds coming into 2023 around non-recurring. I would expect as we move into 2024, those headwinds to dissipate, and so to James’ point, while we won’t give 2024 guidance on this call, we will certainly look to it on the fourth quarter call. Do not see those headwinds recurring in 2024, so would really hope that everyone would lean into the strong recurring revenue growth trends we’re seeing across the board in banking and capital markets, and those would be the expected trends as we move into 2024 from a recurring standpoint.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, so capital markets has been trending very strong recurring revenue growth all year. We would expect that to continue. The trends underpinning that are both sales increasing within existing wallet share, so selling more to existing clients, as well as being able to sell our products and services into non-traditional verticals that have a lot of faster growth, so think insurance, asset management, auto finance. There’s a lot of secular trends there that are driving growth and demand, including regulatory mandates, climate and ESG, so really expect capital markets recurring revenue growth to continue to trend very strong. Don’t see any change in those growth rates as we think about the recurring side of the business here in the fourth quarter or as we go into 2024. I do think--you know, as you know, capital markets has historically had very lumpy non-recurring numbers when the licenses do come up for renewals. It is a timing related thing, so in the fourth quarter of last year, if you recall, there was one very large license that we signed in the fourth quarter, so that’s really what’s driving a total capital markets revenue number in the fourth quarter a little bit down, but the recurring revenue growth continues to be strong, driven by high demand.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, I think that’s a great question. I think as we look to come into investor day, we’ll attempt to give you some different key performance indicators around sales. We were feeling good about the backlog going up 2% year-over-year, but I’d give you a little bit more color. Market demand across the board for our solutions is strong, both in banking and capital markets. As you know, we started the year with a transformation of our sales force, really re-focusing them on selling higher margin technology-enabled solutions, so all the investments we’ve made in making sure that we sell more of those versus the lower margin, we’re seeing that really start to take root. Our sales pipeline has gone up 10% on a year-over-year basis as we’ve looked to rebuild that pipeline with a different mix. We’ve seen increased sales productivity this quarter, think of that same store sales growth within sellers is up 12% year-over-year, and then overall our quality of sales has improved as the margin contribution from new sales has improved 50 BPs. We’re really starting to see some strong growth in sales, albeit remember the goal here is to sell more recurring, and so it will be a bit of time before those show up in the P&L. But the actual sales themselves are starting to take root, and we’re cautiously optimistic as we move into fourth quarter and 2024.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, thanks for the clarification. Banking, I would say is more flattish fourth quarter. I think we talked about recurring continuing strong growth in the 3% range, and so that, as we expected, has been an issue all year, the non-recurring coming in and really being what’s driving the recurring from 3% down to flattish in the fourth quarter. Again, wouldn’t over-pivot on that as we think about 2024, would really encourage you to think about 2024 recurring and a lot of that non-recurring headwind to abate.  Capital markets, slight up - yes, as we said. I think we talked about recurring in the fourth quarter of 7%. If you recall last year, Jason, we had a one-time capital markets license, I think it drove about five percentage points of growth last year, so we’re growing over that. The fourth quarter numbers as well overall are softer, they’re driven by non-recurring items that we wanted to be transparent around, and the recurring continues to be strong and we would expect those headwinds to abate as we move into 2024.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, it’s a great question. I think we’ve seen broadly over the last seven quarters, and I would expect to see over the next three or four quarters backlog in the range of $22.5 billion to $23.5 billion, pretty steady as we bring new business on and then we work really hard to increase the level of implementations coming out of that backlog number. It is a wonky accounting number, so I think as we come into investor day, we’d hope to give you a better set of metrics. But I think broadly, we think that number sits in that stable range of $22.5 billion to $23.5 billion - it might go up and down per quarter, and we think we’ve proven pretty successfully at this point that that number will sustain a nice recurring revenue growth number for us. If you remember in the sales transformation, we really are trying to focus on less of those really large whale deals and more of consistent sales of a lot of our platforms that we’ve invested heavily in, and driving the margin over the overall sales number up. While we may not from a dollar standpoint drive it up this year, we would expect it to come up next year as we look to see some of those sales come in. Hopefully that helps.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, thanks Darrin. In terms of demand, I would say broadly--let’s separate the demand environment from what really drives the recurring revenue over time. Demand is high if you think about our capital markets business. I continue to talk about increasing demand from our existing customers, so increasing share of wallet from a lot of the modernized solutions we’ve brought into market. We talked about the clear derivatives platform which is having a lot of success, and not only selling into our existing customers but really opening up the door to sell those types of capabilities now that they’re SaaS-enabled into other capital markets participants, who may not be traditionally there. We see increased wallet share, and then we see the sales of the products on the capital markets side being really high demand from other people who are not traditional in that segment. I think on the banking side, given the focus of banks on deposit generation, there is a high focus and demand for digital solutions. That’s been in market, it’s not necessarily new although it’s definitely heightened, and we’re seeing a lot of demand for that and we called out a couple of those wins this quarter. We feel really good about that. I think that’s from a demand standpoint. I would say the other thing is in terms of thinking about what’s driving the recurring, yes, it continues to be delivering those products and solutions into market, but also remember there is an inherent same store sales growth number that we get the benefit of from a number of transactions that go across the platform, as well as new deposit accounts, and so there is an inherent same store sales growth number that we get benefits from in addition to us being strong on the sales side, so we’re feeling good. That’s not to say that in one quarter, it’s going to flip, but we’re feeling the momentum is there and we’re feeling good about it. I think from a culture standpoint, it’s going really well. I couldn’t be more proud of the team, honestly. The amount of passion and energy that they’ve brought to Future Forward, that they’ve brought to refocusing and repositioning the company and the Worldpay separation. James mentioned that was a lot of work in accounting - it’s just a lot of work, period, to separate two companies and people that have worked together for four years, so I really would say the teams have really rallied around that. It’s not easy, but they are definitely taking up the call to duty there, and between Future Forward and the Worldpay separation, I couldn’t be more proud of what the team has been able to do, so I think the culture is good.
Stephanie Ferris: Oh, you want me to tell the future? That’s a hard one. I would say--you know, it’s interesting on consumer spend. Banking and capital markets are no longer as positioned towards consumer spend like the merchant business, the Worldpay business, so we think we’ve moved largely away from that, not to say we’re totally immune, because we do process debit card transactions.  I think from a macro standpoint, the concern that I think we should have, and we’ll keep a close eye on and be transparent, is around if we see demand drop for products and solutions, and we’re not seeing that. As you think about both the financial institutions and the capital markets participants, they’re all undergoing different levels of stress where they are in the industry, but our solutions are still in high demand in terms of whether they’re digital or a next-gen banking platform, wanting to drive more money movement, so the secular trends are there. We’ll continue to watch them, but we’re no longer exposed from the Worldpay side in terms of consumer spend going up and down and that impacting us. That’s probably the best I can do, Vasu.
Stephanie Ferris: I think it should be. I think the challenge--we’ve been tripling down on it and selling it. We actually are one of the few networks that had that up and running very quickly and had the dual messaging capability that’s required. We continue to press on it. We’ve had some significant wins. My payments guys will tell you, I continue to press them very hard on it should continue to accelerate growth, so more to come as we come into 2024, but we do think we have a strategic advantage there. 
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, thanks Dan. I think--you know, we spent a bunch of time in the first half of this year really refocusing the sales force on both selling all the products and solutions that we have across the segments, which we’re seeing--which we called amplify, which we’re seeing a lot of uptake there, but more importantly, really making sure that we were selling the technology-enabled software that we’ve invested in and that we think really should be where we should drive some high returns. I’m feeling really good about that, like I said. We have seen the quality of sales has improved as we came into this quarter - new sales have improved 50 BPs in terms of overall margins, and so as we look to transform the sales force over time, we’re seeing that really start to take root. I think too, moving away from some of the non-recurring in terms of selling and into the recurring is also starting to be pretty good for us, and we’re feeling good about that continuing to underpin the recurring revenue growth as we move into 2024, so feel good about the sales pipeline, feel good about sales productivity, feel good about the quality of sales, but it’s still early days and we are managing it very closely. The team--I’m on a sales call every week and I have my own win-loss ratio - I hold myself accountable as well, so feeling good about where we are but we’ll continue to be pressing on this, as it’s critically important for us.
Stephanie Ferris: Well, thank you everyone for joining us t his morning. As you can tell, we’re very excited about the next chapter for FIS. While we’re only in the first year of our journey, we’ve already made significant progress unlocking shareholder value, delivering our third consecutive quarter meeting or exceeding our financial commitments. We’re excited about the Worldpay separation and Future Forward. We’re delivering significant upside by resuming our buyback program, and with an upsized commitment to further reposition FIS for attractive long term growth. All of this leads to confidence in our current year outlook, our future prospects, and our plan to drive long term shareholder value. Thank you for your interest in FIS. We look forward to connecting with you over the next coming days and weeks.
