A - Gary Norcros: Yes Rayna, thanks. It’s a great question. Honestly, we don’t--we’re not seeing a lot of change from a demand standpoint - it’s been very strong and it continues to accelerate that strength into 2022. We’re coming off a record year in banking sales that was off a record year in 2020 as well, and 2019, so we’ve seen consistent acceleration of our signings.  What we’re seeing in that industry is a massive transformation in the needs that occur off legacy technologies, and we are well ahead of this trend. As you know, we started our cloud migration over five years ago, we started our cloud-native development applications end market three years ago, and then brought modern banking, was the last one that we brought forward, so seen a really strong pipeline around all of those topics as financial institutions around the world are going to need to transform to go to more componentized, highly nimble architectures, open systems that allow them to drive and innovate against some of the other disruptors that are entering in the space. As you think about interest rates, and obviously there’s been a lot of touting of interest rate expansion, this is good news for our financial institutions, so it will actually embolden them to continue to accelerate that spend and that demand on those fronts, but we think we’re extremely well positioned going into 2022. We’re coming off a great year in banking, and that’s going to continue throughout next year.
A - Gary Norcros: Why don’t I start and then I’ll let Stephanie add. As we’re guiding for the merchant business, we really see the merchant business growing in low double digits this coming year. If you look at historically based on where the merchant business grew prior to COVID, this is certainly a substantial acceleration given our exposure into ecommerce at the enterprise level. We touted ecomm growing at greater than 30% minus travel and airlines, so we’ve got a really strong business. This actually in 2022 in the short term is going to be very low tailwind for us, but we do think it’s very strategic to move into this new market that we talked about on prior calls, that we are not traditionally in, so that’s why we think this acquisition is going to be very important for our future expansion in this end market. I’ll let Stephanie add to that.
A - Gary Norcros: Yes Darrin, it’s a great question. The quick answer is absolutely - we think these are in the near term easily 7% to 9% growers as we get beyond a couple of these headwinds in banking. From an asset pool, I think we’re best in class at this point in time. Woody just highlighted it - our free cash flow is increasing because our large program spend is coming down, because our large programs are completing, right, and so we knew we were going to have to go through this process. But if you look from the banking standpoint and you look at our Digital One capabilities, which is truly and omni-channel digital experience, cloud-native from the ground up build, we’re into hundreds and hundreds of institutions now that have deployed various components of that Digital One platform. When you look at Code Connect, we’ve got a similar scenario. You look at our modern banking platform and some of our key wins. With that being said, we have had some competitors announce that they’re entering into the space, and we think that just endorses our strategy that we started three-plus years ago. Today, we’re leader in cloud deployment, no one can beat us on availability, no one can beat us on total cost of ownership and delivery through our private cloud, as well as our ability to burst to the public cloud. When you look at our application stack, we have the most advanced solid application stack in market today, and even our capabilities of driving further outcomes through back office-type services, etc. When you look at capital markets, it’s a very similar story. We told everybody that we were going to start leaning into software as a service and deploying in the one-to-many model our leading capabilities, after we brought our applications together and modernized those through an end-to-end solution stack. You look at what we saw in 2021, you look at what we’re seeing in 2022, that acceleration is just going to continue. The only headwind we have in that market is really our license fee grow-over business, which over the years we’ve been telling the market very consistently the percentage of revenue tied to license fees continues to decline, but we do still have license fee volatility due to the term nature of those fees. The recurring revenue on capital markets has been growing very, very strong now for a number of years, that continued through 2021, so both of these businesses have continued to perform exceptionally well and our timing has been very strong, given now this inflection point that all of our financial institutions and large investment houses, private equity firms are going to need to be going through a modernization strategy, and they’re all looking to drive that in a highly resilient outsourced fashion. We feel great about these two businesses, a little headwind in the banking business this year due to the grow-overs Woody talked about, but this is a very--these two businesses can easily grow greater than 7% in the coming years, and we feel very good about it.
A - Gary Norcros: Yes Darrin, the only thing I would add to that is, look - Woody’s kind of hitting on it, the aperture gets more open, right, as some of these pull-backs occur in valuations. We’ve always talked about it, when we look at M&A, we’ve got to find capabilities that drive a new product or service to an existing market we serve, or break us into an adjacency. Financials matter, right - obviously we’ve got to make a strong investment for our shareholders and that return’s important, culture’s important, but we can have a pretty wide aperture when it comes to things that we look at now, given the scope of our business. M&A will continue to play an important role once we get our balance sheet reloaded, and we’ll continue to look for strategic ways to accelerate our growth from here. We’re not looking to do turnaround deals and we’ve been very clear about that. We’ve gone through a tremendous transformation at FIS. You can go across any one of our businesses and you look at this modernization effort is starting to become behind us, right, with our capabilities end market, even when you look at Access Worldpay and the new acquiring platform on the merchant side, so really it’s going to be all about things that can accelerate our growth from these current levels. Last year was a record growth year for us, so just really strong operating performance, so we’ll continue to evaluate that lens on M&A.
A - Gary Norcros: Yes, so let me take the cross-segment sales. I think the team’s done an excellent job driving cross-sales through the Worldpay acquisition and that we exceeded more than $700 million in cross-sales, and so we far exceeded our original guide of what we thought we would get. What that has opened up is this opportunity that we’ve just got significant cross-sell opportunities across the entire base, so what needs to be done from a product standpoint is we need to continue to drive our investment in some of these modernization platforms and exposure through componentization. We’re going to continue to work on that through this year, and then those programs will predominantly be completed at that time. You’ve seen us lay the groundwork in some of the stuff that we’ve done through cloud. We’ve got now over 83% of our compute in the cloud, so a lot of the technical aspects of this are done.  Now, organizationally we are starting to pull the organization together in a very different way with our go-to-market motion. Historically, while our sales have been enterprise in nature, they’ve been enterprise in nature within the segment. We’re now lifting those up and we’re starting to bring our sales teams together where they’re enterprise in nature across the entire company, and we’re doing that by focusing first on our top 200 client base - that’s where most of our revenue is generated. We want to lean in onto that base first and really drive that sales team to engage where they’re bringing the full capability of FIS. We’re really just get started on that. We’ve got a little over--you know, there’s a little over 20 of our top 200 clients today that are executing across all three segments. That’s going to grow exponentially with this first change. We’ve had a lot of success with this in the past, where we’ve lifted up our sales from the product level first to the customer level and then to the segment level. We’re doing the same thing now with lifting it up to the enterprise level, so we’re really excited about this opportunity. We think this alone could accelerate our growth rate from where our current 7% to 9% targets are. We’re going to certainly continue to keep our investors up to date on this. Just made the change last week as we rolled it out through our sales kickoff meetings, and so really excited about what the future holds here.
A - Gary Norcros: Simply stated, Dave, we’re seeing no difference in yields as they decline due to the pandemic. As they come back after the pandemic, the yields return, so we’re seeing zero evidence of anything impacting our yields from that viewpoint.
A - Gary Norcros: Yes Lisa, it’s a great question. I’ll start and we’ll let Stephanie add in on this. At the end of the day, this is a fantastic product that’s specifically--not specifically, it’s good for all of our merchants, but our ecommerce merchants really are going to like this solution. As you pointed out, this was an area that we thought there was a unique opportunity for as we put the companies together. The team has successfully come together. There was a lot of work here in getting these two data streams together and really being able to tie all of this together. We successfully launched this in very late Q4, as we highlighted Netflix, a very early adopter of it. We really can see some significant improvement in decline rates, and when you’re especially in the ecommerce world, that decline rate, it’s very, very important to manage that and to make that as strong as possible in order to drive on-boarding growth. I think we’ll see a lot of demand early on from our ecomm merchants, but it will push down into all of our merchant capabilities as just another way for us to differentiate the strength of FIS going forward. Just launched it late in Q4 and just coming online, so excited about the future of it.
A - Gary Norcros: Yes, thanks Tien-Tsin, it’s a great question. We always try to balance margin expansion versus investment. We haven’t pulled back on our capital as well. The synergies and the level of synergies that we’ve been able to push through and the operating leverage within the business allows us to continue to invest but to still drive that margin expansion, even in light of higher labor costs this year, so we feel good about having enough money to invest and having enough resource focused towards that investment.  When we talked about capex maybe not being quite as high as it has been in the past, we still have a good bit of capex, call it 8% of revenue outlined to build out some of those capabilities Stephanie’s talking about as well, so we think we’re properly resourced and feel good about being able to deliver these capabilities that will help drive revenue growth in ’23 and ’24 and beyond.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, I’m happy to talk about that. Payrix is a small but really highly strategic acquisition for us. First of all, it brings our leading global ecommerce capabilities downstream to SMBs through platforms, similar to Stripe Connect. Specifically, it brings capabilities around automated underwriting and on-boarding, which are really critical for us to be able to access that marketplace. Secondly and even more strategically, it enables us to add our unique card present capabilities to create an omnichannel experience, along with our embedded finance capabilities, whether it’s deposit taking, issuing, banking as a service capability, so we think about this acquisition as being very strategic, both in terms of accessing an ecommerce market we haven’t been in before but also really unlocking the value of FIS as we start to be able to deliver embedded financial services out to this marketplace.
Stephanie Ferris: I think Gary nailed the answer to that. The other thing I would say is as we look at the merchant segment and we think about ecommerce as being--you know, we’re one of the best-in-class, and being able to access a market we haven’t been in before, it’s obviously very strategic.  It also enables us to bring the embedded finance capabilities of the banking and capital markets segments into this customer set and really starts to unlock that full value, and we do--we’re very excited about that. Now granted, that’s going to take us a bit of time, to Gary’s point, but the asset is really strategic for us both from accessing the ecommerce segment as well as really starting to deliver those embedded finance capabilities that we already have, so we’re really excited about it.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, it’s a great question, happy to chat.  Our existing ISV business, we have about a thousand partners there. In order for us to really enable embedded finance, we needed automated on-boarding and underwriting capabilities because you don’t do that as a one-off, you do that really automated, so that’s what the Payrix acquisition brings to us, is those capabilities.  We’ve been partnered with them, they’ve been integrated to us using our best-in-class acquiring payment capabilities since they started in 2015, so they bring that automated boarding and underwriting and so you’re exactly right, we can offer out now that capability to our existing ISV base to the extent it’s relevant to them, because as you know, it’s vertical specific in terms of if this capability works for you. But it is an opportunity to go through our existing base. As you know, our strategy has been software-led - the current term for that is platforms, but our strategy within SMB has always been software-led, dating way back to when we bought Mercury. The acquisition of Payrix really starts to strategically pivot us, continuing our software-led strategy but now getting us to access our ecommerce capabilities and our embedded finance capabilities. We’re pretty excited about it, both in terms of being able to access the platforms that sit in market we can’t serve today because we didn’t have the C&P capabilities, but also to go back to our existing ISV base and offer out these capabilities as well, including not just payments but also embedded finance, so really excited about it.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, I think it’s very relevant, as Gary said, for our global ecommerce clients. The power of having issuing and acquiring data together is very powerful. I also think--you know, I keep beating this drum on platforms, but I also think that it’s really relevant for platforms that serve SMBs or marketplaces because, as Gary said, they’re really about driving those businesses’ revenue, and so being able to authorize a transaction or more transactions is really relevant to them. It drives revenue to the end business, and so we think it not only is really relevant for our global ecommerce base but also for really any software-as-a-service platform or marketplace out there who’s really trying to help SMBs deliver more revenue to their end customers.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, so really it’s all about--we do believe that payments is going to be embedded in software. Software is how payments are going to be consumed, and so whether you’re getting a payment through a platform or through a marketplace, we do ultimately see software being the leading capability for that, which is why we bought the Payrix asset. Lisa, we’re starting with platforms, the software-led piece, and then we’re giving ourselves some optionality around SMB direct, but our strategy is really around enabling those software-as-a-service platforms to enable their SMBs long term. We do see vertical-specific strategies.  As you know, we haven’t been a buyer of software. We don’t think that’s the right answer for us. We think the right answer for us to be the embedded finance and payments player for all those software-as-a-service companies, and you can really start to see there’s a lot of niche players that are coming up and providing all kinds of as-a-service capabilities to these platforms - payments as a service, checkout as a service, risk as a service. We see in the midterm, we stand perfectly positioned to deliver those types of services. We’re just starting with what we have in-house, which is payments and banking as a service solution, but we don’t see these platforms long term wanting to have that many vendors and that much complexity in their back office. Hopefully that helps.
Stephanie Ferris: Yes, great question, Tien-Tsin. I think the world started with integrated. I think as software pushed down market and became much more competitive, the world has moved and evolved to embedded, so those platforms. The integrated solution will always be available, but it’s a bit of an evolution, which is now we need an embedded with payments capability, and then I think you’re even, the next-gen as well is embedded fintech. I don’t envision embedded payments lives by itself very long either. I do think you’re seeing the world converge on embedded fintech. I think the nice think about the Payrix acquisition for us is it enables us to give any model people want. Some people might be really happy with their integrated solution and that model. We now have the embedded payments solution in that model, and as you know, we have a Payfax solution in that model. We do have a pretty significant back book of card present ISVs, and we’re pretty excited about it because we think that we can now offer out embedded capabilities. Remember, along with these embedded capabilities beyond on-boarding and underwriting, there is also all kinds of other a-la-carte services we can offer, like KYC, credit risk monitoring, a lot of capabilities that these platforms have been looking for. We do have to keep a close eye out on the financials around that, but we think we’re pretty good at that, and we’re excited about the opportunity both for front book and back book.
Woody Woodall: In terms of its financial impact, I would tell you it’s immaterial to the top line organic growth rate and probably a few pennies dilutive, to modestly dilutive to EPS. 
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think it definitely was omicron-related. I think it’s very clear as you look at the U.K. and our exposure to the U.K. compared to others potentially, 13% or so of our revenue comes out of the U.K. from the merchant segment and obviously it dropped to zero in December, so you’re clearly seeing the impacts. As that comes back, we certainly anticipate volumes to come back around it as well, so we feel like it was definitely omicron-related. We saw some improvement in volumes in January, particularly in the U.K. as we started to see cases reduce there and some of the reopening come back there, and obviously it’s having a little bit of impact on our guide for the first quarter, but it’s omicron related.
Woody Woodall: Yes, the impact on stimulus is about 150 basis points - think primarily Paycheck Protection Program and the lending capabilities that we rolled out last year. The term fees are roughly 50 basis points, and our expectation is just lower term fees this year. We do have CPI within our contracts - they roll over in terms of how the contracts roll in terms of annualization, so that will come on over the course of the year. It’s really how we think about the shape of the year too, where we expect a little higher growth in the back half of the year as those contracts kick in with CPI.
Woody Woodall: Yes, it’s a great point, John. We’re trying to highlight it as well. We’ve been spending heavier than many in the capex world for the past several years. We actually anticipate capex of about 8% to 9% this year, but I could see it rolling towards the lower end of that outlook. As we see that, you’ll see cash flow outpace earnings per share potentially for the next few years and then it will normalize out, where you’ve seen it go the other direction for the last several years, where we were expanding capex and then the D&A is catching up right now.  The D&A right now is one of the headwinds that we’re seeing in terms of higher teens EPS growth, but you’re seeing it convert into free cash flow at that 15% growth level.
Woody Woodall: Yes Darrin, it’s interesting - I talked about we had a couple of things going there. One, we’re going to pay debt down below three turns. In a rising interest rate environment, we think our credit rating is extraordinarily important. The pandemic put us behind probably two years in terms of reducing our debt back to below three turns, so we’re going to focus on that first. At that point in time, call it midyear this year, we’ll look to either buy back shares or do additional M&A. As you’ve heard us consistently talk about, we would rather do M&A, but we look at share buybacks for default purposes. Your other point is also very interesting, where there’s some interesting assets that are in the marketplace, valuations look a lot differently than they did, say six months ago, so it maybe resets a bit of chessboard for other assets that are out there, that we might be able to consolidate or bring into our distribution channel.
Woody Woodall: Yes, thanks Ramsey. Yes, we anticipate revenue yields to continue to improve. As you compare to 2020, revenue yields were a minus-3 in the third quarter and a plus-2 in the fourth quarter, so you’re starting to see that. You compare back to 2019 - you know, we saw a little bit of a step back for omicron, but over the course of the year and versus 2019, you saw a minus-14 and minus-16, then you saw a minus-7, so an improvement, and then minus-10 really impacted by omicron in the fourth quarter, but obviously we expect those yields to continue to come forward and trying to highlight that, really looking at the sequential and year-over-year in 2020 yields.
Woody Woodall: To answer the second part of your question around share buyback, we do anticipate and have modeled about $3 billion in share repurchase, and that’s mostly in the back half of the year, Ramsey.
Woody Woodall: Yes, as we’ve talked about, as recovery occurs particularly in the high yielding verticals, we certainly would anticipate that to invert the other way, as we’ve talked about for the last several quarters, actually. That said, we don’t see travel coming back 100% in 2022. We do continue to expect it to increase over the course of the year, but not to be at 100% of pre-pandemic levels. But you’re right - we do anticipate seeing yields being a net benefit as those higher yielding verticals return back to more normalized levels. 
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think we can. I think you’ve got a couple of things in terms of the yields here. We’ve got some labor costs that are a bit of a headwind, about 100 basis points of headwind in that 50 to 100 basis point margin expansion guide. When we pulled that together originally, I don’t think we anticipated this level of labor costs, and then you’re seeing some of the D&A being a little bit of a headwind in the short term, and as we normalize that over the next few years, we think you’ll see that mid-teens growth again in EPS.
