James W. Woodall: Yeah. We think about it in four buckets, David, as we've been talking about. Primarily, we've got natural acceleration in the first half versus the second half. If you look over the past four years or so, that's been probably 3% first half versus second half, in terms of accelerated growth. The second would be term fees as we talked about. Term fees in the first half this year were about $42 million lower than last year. We do anticipate more term fees in the back half of the year and have pretty good visibility into them. Reiterating that, low term fees is a good thing for us, long-term. It does create some lumpiness, but it is a good thing for us long-term. The third would be the cost actions. The cost actions that we took in the first quarter, you've seen some of that kick-in, in terms of the margin, in terms of the profitability growth, and we've got more cost levers in the back half if sales execution does doesn't come where we need to be. And then the fourth would be our contract delay that we mentioned in the fourth quarter as it's gotten back on track, you saw some lift in Q2 from it and we believe we'll see further lift in the second half of the year. So those are really the four main drivers, David, and we've got pretty good visibility into them, particularly on the cost lever side.
James W. Woodall: I think what you've got is an anniversering of some acquisition activity, Dave, that we saw benefit the first quarter, that anniversaries into the second quarter. So, that's really what you're seeing in terms of there. The slide 11 that you're looking at is a pure growth number, not necessarily an organic growth number. So, it included the Reliance Trust acquisition and CMSI in the first quarter, you didn't see in Q2.
James W. Woodall: We closed that June the 1, so you saw a little bit of negative there, again the pass throughs as well, and some level of price compression that we saw there. Now, the positive around this, we were offset by some transaction volume growth...
James W. Woodall: ...we were happy to see. We had about 2% growth in our overall transaction volume growth, you can see in some of the charting data that we've started to provide.
James W. Woodall: Yeah, we were really clear on Q2 and Q1 when we came through this year because of just some of the deltas where you guys were versus what we were seeing in the term fees and the impact. We've got a pretty good ramp in the second-half as we've all talked about. But, I think, we're more aligned where our heads are as to what the back half of the year looks like.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. I think, Dave, you did see a couple things in the second quarter. You saw some pull forward of deals into the second quarter. Those were a little higher licensing, which was helpful in terms of the margin profile. You are seeing some of our cost actions start to kick in, that are driving some incremental margin benefit, to answer your first question. To answer your second question, when you look at the back half of the year, a significant component of the back of the year growth is both in term fees, which we talked about, it's going to have very high incremental margins and the majority of the cost actions are driving benefit in the second half of the year. As you heard me talk about trending corporate expenses down as well as and the operations are driving some expense reduction as well. Both of those will help drive margin in the back half of the year, giving us some confidence in that 50 basis points for the full year.
James W. Woodall: You've got two items outside of that, you're right on the natural acceleration. We believe it's there, we do have the term fees that we've talked about; so you've got that captured in correctly. The cost actions we've taken some cost actions in Q1, you saw some further cost actions in Q2, to the extent we don't see the sales execution that we're looking for, we'll potentially take further cost actions. We have other levers within our cost structure.
James W. Woodall: That could help us continue to make sure we maintain the profitability guidance, Ashwin, and protect the profitability guidance that we've given the marketplace. So those are the kind of the three big ones. The fourth would be to back to our contract delay. We've got some milestones that we'll meet in the back-half of the year in one of those larger deals that will add some incremental earnings per share as well. You add the four of those together, that is the bridge to the back-half of the year. It is a steep curve, but we are pleased with first, I mean second quarter, as we saw a little bit of the flattening of that curve, as we brought some extra EPS into the quarter.
James W. Woodall: But they are awaiting regulatory approval. So you've got an idea in working with the customer as to when the de-conversion time horizon would be, when you'd actually see them go away. So we do have some visibility into those term fees already. Your point is valid, on others we don't have every dollar lined up or have been notified on every dollar, but we do have pretty good visibility into a large chunk of those based on the conversion timeframe that the customer is looking at.
James W. Woodall: That's, if you remember my prepared remarks, we sold a small investment, ended up being about $7 million in there, Tien-Tsin, and that was, the Other is just normal noise in there, but $7 million was a small investment gain.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. We would still say that's exactly where we think we're going to land still in that 5% to 7% range, Darrin. Given what we've done to-date and talked about the back half of the year, it may trend towards the lower end of that, but still in that 5% to 7% range. So yeah, I think it's still there.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. I think fourth quarter typically if you map out the path, has a little bit of a higher growth rate as the institutions are working through their capital planning and capital budgeting process. So we do see them flushing some capital budgets in the fourth quarter, that's historic in terms of both IFS and GFS. So you will see a little bit of a ramp there...
James W. Woodall: That's exactly right. And so, you will see a little bit higher in the fourth quarter, but that's more normal trend line if you will there. Beyond that, we don't have a significant other transaction change or volume change that we haven't already discussed in terms of either term fees or sales execution.
James W. Woodall: No, IFS really has very little if any currency impact in it. So nothing there in terms of that constant currency. And then you can back math where we are, where we're going to be, sort of 5% to 7% in the aggregate for the full year, what we've got through the first half of the year at about 3.2% for the quarter. You can kind of back math it and see what your models say.
James W. Woodall: It will be some of both because some of the term fees are flowing through IFS. We're getting over some of the comps that we've talked about and then GFS would also have some acceleration of the deals we've talked about signing.
James W. Woodall: Yeah, we've kind of outlined, we've talked about full year we thought we'd have about $50 million. In the first half of the year, we've had about $11 million. So very small. So we do anticipate term fees to be much more significant in the back half of the year. And I can't reiterate this enough, I know you guys are looking quarter to quarter. I can't reiterate this enough that lower term fees is a good thing for us long-term. We maintain the customer relationship, we cross sell, we up sell, and we keep the profitability line.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, David, the Indian ATM contract is performing very well. We're very pleased with the team. We're very pleased with the rollout of the ATMs. As volumes continue to grow, that'll continue to be a tailwind for years in the future. But to answer your question, it's a combination of all the above. Frankly, it's the India contract, the team continues to do very well signing new agreements. We announced the signing of Bandhan. They're coming online, so there is just a lot of growth. Mahila continues to grow. We also do some very nice – we've done some nice add-on services to some of our existing clients in Thailand that we've announced around some of the channel operations. So the team is executing very well. So it's really a combination of prior agreements, but it's also a combination of continued strong sales quarter-in and quarter-out in that region.
Gary A. Norcross: I think as we mentioned in the first quarter, we've been disappointed with the results of that ramp-up to-date, but I would continue to say we continue to see signs of traction throughout. We announced as I said a Top 10 bank this quarter that pulled our consumer lending platform and that's huge to see a bank in that size transform all their consumer lending. So we see some bright spots in the execution, David. We're going to continue to monitor it. As we said in the first quarter, we took that opportunity when we weren't seeing the product pull through that we necessarily wanted, we restructured the company and actually brought two major divisions together. We've seen some nice synergies come through that and operating efficiencies that Woody pointed to in the back half. But would I tell you we wouldn't do the investment again? No I wouldn't. It's an important market for us, being able to penetrate our product and services in those markets is going be a long-term success criteria at FIS. So, this quarter showed a number of good signs of product pull throughs.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, well, I mean if you look at it, Dave, frankly, we've gotten a lot of noise going on in Payments, the term fees has hit significantly there in the quarter. We actually have had an accounting change, where Woody mentioned about our pass through revenues, so you've got some gross to net issues going on in there, and you've also got some compression. But, if you normalize all that, we think we'll see Payments can return to a low single-digit growth rate going into next year, and then accelerate beyond that. Also, keep in mind, we also had the divestiture of Gaming that was in that – in that quarter as well, that's in that number.
Gary A. Norcross: We've also got a number of key deals, Ashwin, that we've signed as you know, given the nature of our long-term revenue streams and the high reoccurring revenue. Our deals that we sign also take often times a number of months or even greater than a year to onboard and so, you are seeing some of those large deals that we've signed historically that we've talked about come online. You can start seeing that in some of the numbers we've actually disclosed for like IFS, et cetera, where we've got some large core banking deals that have been coming on. So all of those things to Woody's point, the levers that help us control our expense line and profitability line and also just new sales and the on-boarding of prior sales, all give us some confidence going into the back half.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, as you mentioned, these termination fees are strictly related to financial institutions getting acquired or consolidating. So to Woody's point, we have to be given – we have – we're given notice, because we've got work to do to help them de-convert as they move on to their acquiring platform, which is the typical situation. We've had some situations where it's come the opposite direction that we've discussed on prior calls, but we get some pretty good visibility and typically, this is something that can get modeled pretty easily. What we were surprised by in the first half of the year is that, we didn't get that notification, which as we've said now multiple times that's a great outcome for the company, because we're retaining a very profitable client that's going to be buying more products and services from us.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. We've actually gotten some great response through that acquisition. As always, we put forward a very aggressive pro forma around growth as we accelerate it through our sales engine. We also put, always an aggressive target to make sure that we get the synergies necessary as we put – integrate these companies into our company. And I'll tell you we're right on plan on both of those. Pipeline is very strong, good deal closures, quarter-in, quarter-out, response from the clients have been very positive. As we talked about we did that acquisition, one of the things that resonated us most was Clear2Pay, especially with their open payment framework, was the fact that they were already penetrating many of the Tier 1s through a single payment type around the world. And so what the opportunity there is, is you penetrate with a particular payment type, say ACH, and then you come in, and you add wires you add other types through the open payment framework. So we're very pleased with this acquisition at this point. It's integrated very cleanly into the company. GFS has done a good job of accelerating the product growth rate by putting it through our sales engine. So right now, it's still early, but we would say we are very pleased.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, no, it's a good point, it is part of the investment. We feel very good about our deal closure. Year-to-date frankly when we look at total contract value on a new total contract value, we're up 10% over 2014 at this point in time. Frankly, if you adjust it for currency, that's greater than – that grossed around 15%; so we feel very good about it. From that standpoint our pipeline is very strong, and we are opportunistic of the opportunities as I've said on multiple cost, Tien-Tsin. I look for deal flow through our pipeline, you're not going to be able to sign them all, but are we having really good deal churn and are we making sure that our sales teams are refilling that pipeline. And I would tell you we're seeing that. And as I said, the results are showing that we're up year-to-date against this time last year on new sales, and frankly across both groups. So all-in-all we're pleased with the results and pleased with the investment. And we've highlighted a number of those sales, when we bring a sale forward in our prepared remarks, keep in mind these are large multi-million dollar engagements; so the team's doing a nice job.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, to answer to your question on the first part about the multi-billion dollar financial institutions and signing those large deals, are there are others in the pipeline, the answer is yes. I think, what you've seen over the last several years is, we've consistently executed on those. I mean, I will go back to (35:10), I will go back to the Citi announcement. All of these are big engagements with very large multi-engagements, CIT last quarter. So I mean, if you think about it, we continue to sign and close very nice transactions in that size. If you look in GFS, Crédit Agricole is a great example, where we started with consulting engagements, led to a professional services engagement. We're now engaging around the product side. So good growth of the way we think that GFS will head and the way we – the investments we've made. So there is other large deals in the pipeline that we continue to pursue. Of course, we don't sign them all, right, but that goes back to my deal flow comment in the earlier question. So all-in-all, we're pleased with the size of institutions we're signing. We're pleased with – we're starting to see product pull through in the GFS organization and IFS continues to execute very effectively.
Gary A. Norcross: I also would add on that. You always see nice transaction spikes in the fourth quarter due to the holiday season.
Gary A. Norcross: But as we said earlier in another question, you just can't predict when these things are going to happen. So M&A is going to – you know consolidation is going to occur at different times. And so there is always lumpiness around these kind of fees.
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you for your questions today and for your continued interest in FIS. I'd like to summarize by saying that we continue to deliver revenue growth fueled by significant recurring revenue streams with the industry-leading margins and strong sales results. We're pleased with our recent restructuring and resegmentation of our business, which has allowed us to align our services and solution portfolio to address clients' unique business challenges. In closing, I would like to thank our more than 42,000 employees around the world, who are committed to empowering our clients each and every day. This passion for moving our clients businesses forward to make them successful has earned us the loyalty of over 14,000 institutions across the globe. Together, we are empowering the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.
Bryan C. Keane: Hi. Good morning, guys. Just wanted to look at constant currency revenue growth for IFS and GFS going forward in the third quarter and fourth quarter, just some of your expectations there. I think I heard a comment that maybe the third quarter and the fourth quarter would be pretty equal in growth rate profile, so just curious to see how it maps out between the two groups.
Bryan C. Keane: Okay. And any comments individually for the two segment, IFS and GFS, on what to expect on constant currency for the third and the fourth.
Bryan C. Keane: So the increase to get to 5% or 5% to 7% from 3% is going to come mostly through GFS or GFS and IFS both accelerate in third quarter and fourth quarters.
Bryan C. Keane: And then just remind us what the term fees were for the second half of last year. Just so we can compare.
