Woody Woodall: Yeah, I thought it might be even helpful to walk you through the margin bridge we expect for 2020. We closed out 2019 with about a 41% margin. We are seeing synergies both revenue and OpEx driving a little greater than 200 basis points of improvement. We've got normal operating efficiency and scale in the business driving roughly 50 to 100 basis points of improvement. The data center consolidation efforts are driving about 50 basis points of improvement. And then the impact of having Worldpay in the business for the full year is driving about 100 basis points of improvement. That aggregates to about 400 to 450 basis points. Then we talked about the investments, roughly 100 to 150 basis points offsetting that to get you to about 300 basis points of expansion or an expectation of about 44% for 2020. When you specifically think about the investments, I think a lot of its being driven towards delivery. Those are -- those big wins Gary talked about are significant dollars of revenue sitting in the implementation backlog that we want to get those capabilities in there faster and get the wins turning into revenue. They would flow across both Banking and Merchant, primarily in terms of the incremental investment with incremental sales flowing in Banking and Merchant as well, as we see a very, very robust pipeline, particularly in some large opportunities in the marketplace right now.
Woody Woodall: Yes, I think, I even called it out in my prepared remarks. After the first quarter, we anticipate to be at the high end of our growth guidance for the remainder of the year. Again, consolidate you are placing about a point of growth that's where the 5% to 6% came from. Beyond that, we would expect to be towards the high end of that range.
Woody Woodall: Yeah, I'll touch on both of those. On the e-commerce growth rate, e-commerce and integrated together grew mid to high teens with e-commerce growing higher over the average, and integrated grown slightly lower than that average, rolling back to a mid to high teens. With regard to the TRAs, the structure of the deal is only giving an immaterial benefit to EPS in 2020 and 2021 with further EPS benefit in 2022 and 2023 just on the way the deal was actually structured and the timing of actual owner ownership of the TRAs, Ashwin.
Woody Woodall: Yeah. If you think about Merchant, I think we would still anticipate e-com and integrated to be in the mid to high teens from a planning perspective. Growth in the fourth quarter was strong, expectation and pipeline is strong, so we still feel very good about that. With the profile of the remainder of the business being similar to what you saw in the fourth quarter on the growth profile, obviously, we're hoping to see some of those synergies flow into both Banking and Merchants. So you've got to balance them around 2020. Our expectation around revenue synergies blends roughly 50-50, going into the Banking segment versus the Merchant segment. But yeah, we're still pleased with the overall growth, certainly pleased with the acceleration in the fourth quarter, and are looking for low double digits, all of 2020.
Woody Woodall: Yeah, no, when we think about consolidation in the industry, we think obviously across our client base is primarily impacting the banking capital markets group that's going to continue, but we're not, we're not, we're not projecting that's going to accelerate dramatically from where, from what we saw in 2019. So it's been, it's been a fairly consistent trend. One of the nice things about that FIS' position is because we're typically positioned in the large regional market. Those tend to be the customers that are doing in the consolidating. So we've been in a lot of instances the beneficiary of that, of those combinations. But we'll continue to watch it closely and but modeling pretty well consistent behavior over 2019 on that front.
Woody Woodall: That's pretty close, yeah. When we guided accretion and I think in the third quarter, we didn't anticipate the second round of refi benefit. We absolutely we're pleased and being able to go back into the market and grab another $135 million or so of interest savings. We saw that as an opportunity along with the sales execution that was delivered in the fourth quarter to reinvest that in sales and delivery, which we kind of described before. We certainly are not buying back shares at this point until we reach our deleveraging targets. So those are primarily your two big deltas, Dave. You got it pretty close.
Woody Woodall: The tough comp in Q1 is in the banking segment. The small acquisition was roughly revenue contribution of about $75 million in 2019. And we closed it relatively early in Q1.
Woody Woodall: We didn't give a specific dollar amount of backlog, that will get disclosed in the 10-K. What we did talk about was the implementation backlog component of that overall backlog was the highest I've ever seen. While we didn't give a dollar amount, it certainly connected to the three or four, the three big wins in core banking that Gary described plus some of the big wins in Merchant.
Woody Woodall: On the stock compensation comment, the vast majority of it is around accelerations related to severance activity in the fourth quarter.
Woody Woodall: Yeah. As we've talked about in the last quarter, we continue to see a model softness in the UK and Europe broadly. We have not put anything in our 2020 plan with regard to some outcome from the election. The remainder of it has been relatively status quo in terms of the underlying health of the global economy.
Woody Woodall: Yeah. I'll add some color, Brent. And then let Gary follow on. Even if you go back to the Investor Day, a couple of years ago, we had one of the questions in the audience was, will you ever see a top 20 or a top 30 bank outsource to a company like FIS. This quarter we saw three. So I want to say it's really important that we're seeing some of this as a tipping point as I've described, the pipeline is very full and we're feeling very optimistic about it.
Woody Woodall: Yeah, I think your second question first. I think the only other call-out would be fourth quarter 2019, we called out about 2 points of benefit in capital markets that we don't anticipate. We actually normalize and set the underlying growth of 6% versus 8% that you see on some of the charts. Beyond that no other call-outs. If you go back to the original question would we continue to invest or is this one time? I certainly hope we continue to invest here. If we continue to see sales, particularly in some of these larger institutions outsourcing their core banking, I'd certainly be happy to continue to make this investment in delivery.
Gary Norcross: Yeah, no, we raised – it’s great question, Darren. We raised the revenue synergy guidance just because of our actual cross-sell wins. What propels us to the upper end of that will clearly be the timely on-boarding of these large implementations that Woody discussed. And as you see, like we have in the past, we’re accelerating some investment into this growth curve as the growth curve accelerates and our backlog builds. Obviously, we want to make sure that we have the personnel necessary to install the solutions. But the response to our solution capabilities is just really been tremendous across both Banking and Merchant -- we feel -- and Capital Markets for that nature. We highlighted across the winning Capital Markets with our premium payback in prepared remarks. So really across all the segments, we're just seeing really good solid demand for next generation solution suite. Our pipeline continues to grow, and our sales, more importantly, and we continue to close the business. And all of that pushed us to raise our revenue guide. We exited the year with $80 million in run rate. And that's installed in producing revenue. So that's well ahead of our initial $100 million target for them to 2020. So when you look back into that we are already at $80 million through the first five months, when you look at the sales that we even just highlighted in Q4. And as those on board in the first half or through the first three quarters of the year, plus with our pipeline, we feel really good about revenue synergies. And to Woody's point, feel very confident about the upper end of those guidance ranges.
Gary Norcross: Yeah, we talked a lot about on this call about – one, there were three significant wins. There was a top 10 that we didn't name, but there was also the top 20 and top 30 that you just mentioned. We talked a lot about on this call is that there is a tremendous amount of pent up demand in the marketplace. And this is a global statement of very large financial institutions that are tied to extremely old legacy platforms. And we talked a lot about when we'll see that market finally starting to transition to a much more modern, much more open architecture to allow them to continue to compete for the next several decades. And I think this quarter was a significant moment in the industry where we saw, as I said, a top 10 institution and top 20 institution, and top 30 institution, all makes that decision to go through a transformation as a core banking. And in many instances, they're going off very multiple decades old type legacy capabilities to a much more future modern architecture. So we're real excited about what we're seeing in the industry. I can honestly tell you the pipeline is full as I've ever seen for core banking on a global basis for next generation capabilities. And we feel very good about the fact. We started this investment cycle. Three, four years ago, we've been investing heavily into these next generation capabilities, and really feel like we're in a very good spot, as far as timing the industry for when that transformation is going to begin.
Gary Norcross: No, again, that's a great question, and you're exactly right. It's not in the revenues synergies upside. And we are actively working through those strategies, and we will be pushing into those other markets as you described. We're very excited about the Merchant team and how it’s come together under FIS. We're very excited about the combinations that we're seen between our banking relationships and our broader merchant relationships. And so, like everything we do, we participate on a global basis. We've already been seeing up the countries that we're focusing on building out those market strategies, aligning our development initiatives to correspond of that. And so more will be coming on that. But that's absolutely upside to the future of the company.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. No, I think, you're exactly right. Obviously, these larger programs do take a longer period of time to implement. We've talked about that multiple times on the call. It’s not uncommon that goes through 12-plus month sale cycle, and then you got receptacle 12-plus month implementation cycle. What makes us excited about driving our growth rates beyond 7% and upper single-digits is not only the demand that we're seeing on cross-sell in revenue synergies, we talk a lot about that, and we continue to not only raise the dollar amount of that. We've also raised the timing of it being falling it in earlier than what we thought. But we also, when we talked about this now for multiple, multiple quarters, we're in well over a year now, a really rapid sales growth around our newer technologies. And that's whether it's on the Banking business, on the Merchant business or on the Capital Markets business, the demand we’re seeing for our cloud-based deployments, our ability to lower the total cost of ownership of these large institutions and drive a real differentiating value proposition is playing out very well in the market. So you've got this combination of revenue synergies. But more importantly, this combination of being able to compete and take share and drive significant new sales wins across all of three of our verticals gives us a lot of confidence that our growth profile is going to continue to accelerate in the out years as Woody discussed.
Gary Norcross: Yeah, we would have similar levels of competitive headwinds that we always baked into the model, so no real change there. David, I would say at this point, we don't have anything specifically outlined, other than historical trends.
Gary Norcross: Yeah, we really saw great strength in the quarter. And frankly, for the whole year across all three of our segments really saw great growth in capital markets around our Reg Tech solutions and some of the things we're doing through our SaaS model and cloud-based technologies. The Banking business saw strong sales across our next generation solutions, our next-generation digital, our omnichannel things we're doing there. Obviously, we highlighted, what's going on with our core banking transformation. And then Woody has talked about several times on the call the strength we saw across e-comm and integrated in the merchant business. So we're very pleased with how '19 unfold, and obviously all of that pushes us into 2020 with a lot of, a lot of new sales we have to deliver on, which is good.
Gary Norcross: Well, look we continually focus on all kind of all the combinations going on, any M&A activity, any partnerships and obviously we watch that very closely. At this point in time, we feel very good about our position across the globe, especially in Merchant and our ability. When you look at our -- when you look at our scale on merchant and our ability to truly be the only global provider of e-comm at scale, we feel very good about our positions, but we'll continue to -- we'll continue to watch those things. As far as these typically we pass on all of those through our fee structure very transparently. So obviously, we're working through those changes. But we don't see any impact at the moment.
Gary Norcross: Tim, it's a good question. What I would tell you is obviously we've only been involved now, a little over five months to six months. What I'm telling you -- what we're seeing in the sales cycle, yeah, I wouldn't say an increase in RFP activity, but what I would say is, we're seeing increased pipeline and increased demand for our capabilities. And so we're obviously leaning into that. Worldpay had made some significant investments around omnichannel leading up to our combination. Obviously, they had made some significant investments in e-commerce. They had also made some, some significant investments in the UK on the new acquiring platform. So when you look at all of those things, what they had done on the consolidation between Vantiv and Worldpay, all of that is playing in very nicely into our sales success and allowing us to compete on a global very effectively. So we're seeing very good strong pipeline growth and good solid sales success especially across the e-commerce and omnichannel as I highlighted, one in Europe in my prepared remarks.
Gary Norcross: You know on prior calls, we actually highlighted the fact that we didn't want to change any commission plans. We want to make sure that everybody was very focused and prepared to execute and got the same credit they got before the combination pulled together. That's always been an important step for us because the last thing we want to do is create any confusion across our sales force. So I think the cost of those because we haven't made any changes and because we're now giving everybody an opportunity to pull these other products. That's helped to increase our pull-through. I think the other side of it and we highlighted it on the call in the prepared remarks is we're just finding more and more capabilities across the two companies that resonate with those existing customers.So I highlighted our prepaid opportunity. That was something we really didn't identify during due diligence. But what that came out of a cross-sell into an existing Worldpay customer that now has allowed us to create a whole new opportunity and we see a lot of growth in that opportunity now as we've built that out. So I think those two things just pulling the teams together because we're a full 12 months ahead of where we thought we'd be on integration. The benefits of the team coming together and working as a team and identifying those opportunities, you're just really seeing that pay through in the cross sells.
Gary Norcross: Well, on the UK front, as we talked about in prior calls, we've modeled -- frankly our UK volumes are already pretty much at recessionary levels. We saw a little softness in quarter on the UK, but we've modeled that end. We've really modeled in no recovery. But we've also modeled in the volumes at about where they were in Q4. In other words, we're not modeling them to -- to fall off a significant amount. We feel very comfortable though with our, with the business that we are signing. We've also got some new leadership in the UK. So we think there is an opportunity that really grow our share in the UK as well. So we're pretty excited of what the team is coming together on that front. But the quick answer is for 2020 we pretty much modeled the UK consistent with what we saw in 2019.
Gary Norcross: Yeah. No, no, Ramsey it's great questions. I would say we're just, obviously we're just getting started with our revenue synergies. While we're excited about $80 million, we've got a long way to go to reach our range targets. We feel great about our targets and obviously we feel great about the sales success we've had. I would tell you, I even put in my prepared remarks, our debit routing has done very well and so that continues to contribute. We actually saw good volumes, additional volumes incoming through in the quarter.So I would say we are not completely finished there, but as you highlighted in late innings and those were some very early wins. Premium Payback, we're just getting started. I mean we had some very significant signings. You don't want to trivialize a top 3 merchant and PayPal. I mean those are, those are just huge opportunities. Obviously, we got to deploy those next year. So we haven't started seeing revenue growth but more important than that we're seeing really large pipeline and additional sales around Premium Payback. So that's, those aren't the only two that we've signed.We've now signed a number of customers. The one that has surprised us is merchant referral program across our regional banks. We actually didn't predict the response that we're seeing on that base in our larger institutions, which is a very pleasant surprise. As far as the authorization rates and fraud rates, we've talked about that on prior calls, really just working on the models, working on the data consolidation. So I would argue those results have not even started at this point and we're doing the work, leading up to doing the work that will then drive the results in late 2020 and 2021. So very early stages on a lot of these things, but feel really good about the early results, the signings to date in the pipeline.
Gary Norcross: Yeah, no, I really do. I think it's just a matter, we talked about it in the past. We're really seeing a transformation around technology that frankly none of us have seen in our careers. And so with this transformation in technology, a lot of people talk about the fourth Industrial Revolution. But the reality is these newer technologies are going to require a replacement. You're not going to be able to iterate your legacy technologies, you're going to have to go through a conversion that really take the advantage of these new open standards, this new scaled standards, this new availability standards. And so, yeah, Brett, I think we really have as I said in our prepared remarks, we are seeing a significant milestone in the industry when you've got a top 10, a top 20 and a top 30 bank all making their decision to go through that transformation.Woody's points are dead on. We've had a lot of early success with our next generation core banking system, modern banking platform but what we are. But now frankly that's one of the reasons why we're investing so much in delivery. We've got a very, very strong pipeline and active discussions going on. So we don't expect these to be the only big deals announced. So we're excited about it, and we do believe this is a global issue. I was just over in Asia earlier in January, and every customer I met with and even in Q4, when I was outside of the country, every CEO, I was meeting with is talking about this issue. And so this is a global opportunity for FIS and I just think we're very well positioned and just getting started. And I think for the next 10 years, you're going to see this kind of transformation is going to occur across core banking.
Gary Norcross: Yeah, look, we want to make sure, James, whatever we do is that we continue to invest behind our growth to continue to accelerate that growth curve. So like we've seen in the, we've got a real unique opportunity here where we really do see the market moving through our sales results and our sales channels across all of our segments. So they need to have ability to invest in that and deliver on these capabilities and get them in market and help further accelerate our sales team, we're investing in sales resources, as well. So Woody talked about that, it is not just all delivery. Right now we've got a tremendous amount of demand, we want to make sure that we have the necessary people in markets that can capture and capitalize on these opportunities.
Gary Norcross: Thank you. I'm proud of our outstanding results in 2019. I also want to recognize the work our team has done to accelerate our integration timeline by a full 12 months. I would also like to thank all of our associates across the globe who are working hard every day to advance the way the world pays banks and invest. If you have any questions, following today's call, please reach out to our Investor Relations team. I want to thank you for joining us today.
