Gary Norcross: Thanks, Frank, and thanks to everyone for being with us today. We have a lot of material to cover, so I'll provide a brief overview of the fourth quarter operating highlights in order to spend more time discussing our business strategies in the next presentation.  Overall buying decisions strengthened in the fourth quarter both on a sequential and year-over-year basis. We continue to experience solid demand for outsourced processing, back office support and professional services as clients seek to leverage our scale and broad service capabilities. As we discussed during last year's investor update and all throughout the year, we think we have a great opportunity to gain more share in the large financial institution market space. We experienced strong sales growth within this market in the fourth quarter on a year-over-year and sequential basis, which points that the investments in our sales force for this market are paying off. We continue to be the provider of choice for direct banks in North America. Barclays Bank, one of our large outsourced clients in the U.K., will use our core solution for their new direct bank in the U.S. And as Frank mentioned earlier, we are very pleased to announce that FIS and Capco were selected by RBC to assist in establishing its new direct bank to serve its cross-border clients in the U.S. The project scope, which included defining the targeted operating model, building interfaces between multiple internal and external systems and operating the core banking platform on an outsourced basis, demonstrates our ability to deliver transformation in the market and clearly differentiates FIS from other technology providers and large-scale system integrators. Both RBC and Barclays are great examples of the power of our global go-to-market strategy. The investments we had made to integrate our solutions continue to provide FIS with a key competitive advantage in all the markets we serve. We supported more than 100 core platform conversions in North America during 2011. As we have discussed in the past, these relationships drive meaningful pull-through revenue including payments, back office support and professional services. We continue to invest in early-stage and emerging technologies to drive innovation. We experienced strong growth in our mobile client base throughout 2011, including People's United Bank and BMO Harris in the fourth quarter. We surpassed 1.5 million mobile endpoints in 2011, and we continue to expect rapid growth within this channel.  We are also having great success with our bill payment solution. We converted more than 270 institutions to our platform during 2011, and have a strong conversion pipeline heading into 2012. In addition, we are seeing continued strength in our Internet banking and next-generation core solutions. Our international business continues to produce very strong results. As Frank discussed, international revenues surpassed the $1 billion mark in 2011, and now represents 20% of the total company. We continue to benefit from strong card growth in Brazil, where we are processing more than 50 million cards. We also saw strong growth in Europe in both the traditional FIS business, as well as Capco's European practice. We continue to view Europe as a great place to do business given the size of the market, the strategic relationships that we have with our clients and the opportunity to capture additional share.  I am very pleased to report that ING recently committed to FIS as its enterprise-wide core banking provider. We are making great progress leveraging our Payment Solutions internationally. We continue to win share in debit, and are also pleased with the success of our U.K. prepaid platform, which we acquired through the Metavante acquisition. We added 20 new clients to the U.K. platform in 2011 and were recently named the leading prepaid organization for the U.K. in Europe. In short, it was another good year for our company. We continue to execute our global sales strategy.  I'd like to leave you with the following thoughts before turning the discussion over to Mike.  We continue to see investment decisions being made and are encouraged by the fourth quarter sales and solid momentum going into 2012. We are winning new deals and expanding existing client relationships. We believe international will continue to be a growth engine for our company. We remain bullish on our European business, and we are excited about the opportunities we have for continued growth in all the markets we serve. Our focus on innovation, new product development and enhancements including mobile, bill pay and loyalty offerings is producing tangible benefits and driving strong profitable growth for our company. While we believe that 2012 will continue to be a year of transition for the financial industry, we believe the outlook is improving, and we are confident that we will continue to win share and lead the market.  Now I'll turn it over to Mike.
Gary Norcross: And you can see we're not stopping, right, we keep building on our scale, on our size and our reputation.
Gary Norcross: Yes; I think honestly, we're not going to comment on what some of the gaps, what some of our perceived gaps are in the future. That don't make a lot of sense for us. I mean we, we're very comfortable when you start looking about some of the emerging technology, some of the innovation that’s going on with next-generation payments, some of the interesting channel deployments out there, there's also some interesting ways to drive benefits for our customers' financial institutions to retain clients so we're looking at a lot of different areas. But to Mike's point, we've been very strategic with our acquisitions, hopefully timing in, in time for the inflection point. Compliance Coach is a great example of that. We talked about that. We saw the pending regulatory change, we saw all the discussions, made the acquisition ahead of that curve and then rode through it and are riding through that regulatory curve. We're doing it also, when you start looking at some of the international mining movement, given our global presence and given that some of the things that are going on to more efficiently move money. And so you look at the GIFTS acquisition. Once again, small tuck-in, being able to deploy it across 650 institutions. So at the end of the day, those are the kind of things we're looking for. We're, when we're looking for acquisitions, we're looking out a year, 2, 3 years out of what we think, where we think the market's going to go and we want to time those acquisitions appropriately. As Mike shared with you, we prefer to build. So let's just be real clear about that. And we do a lot of internal building that we're very proud of. So if there are times when we aren't able to build it fast enough because we see the inflection point or what we think is going to be the inflection point, then we'll do a nice product acquisition and we'll look through the distribution channel appropriately.
Gary Norcross: And I think over the years, we've proven that we get the business units to work together with the sales force as one, and that takes a while. But that's working very well for us. Jim, we do have a couple of people been waiting a long time up here to ask a question.
Gary Norcross: And let me just add, I don't know if everybody fully understands. So our PSG, Payment Solutions Group segment, so if we look at last year is at 2% or about a 2% spread between reported, we got 2%, 2% to 3% between paper and reported. It's what it's been running. So low-single digits, add a couple of points to that, you're going to get close to mid-single on the electronics side. So the paper is kind of defined headwind that we've been sharing with you guys. Another thing to keep in mind if you look at our PSG compared to our closest competitor's PSG, and I've said this before, they stole the label but then they got the components wrong. So if we take out item processing, which is in our PSG, it's not in theirs, pushed it over to FSG, Anthony's going to love us for this, and then you take eBanking, which is in their PSG, not in ours, I think you're going to see what our numbers are going to be. I know Frank D'Angelo used to send me an e-mail every year showering that our numbers were better than their PSG numbers. I haven't done the math yet, but I suspect it will be the same this year. So you can't really compare those 2. Our payments for all the reasons we've talked about, we've done a great job of driving earnings and keeping the margins very solid, as Gary pointed out. But it's a different collection [indiscernible] everybody else out there. Okay. Here's the mike.
Gary Norcross: Yes. Well, we're starting to see so much demand in some of our professional services engagements. I mean it really is supply and demand. There's a lot of demand for high-end resources in these transformation services, many of which Capco delivers. But in the LFI space, we're seeing an increased demand for implementation services, transformation services, building out releases and product functionality and so yes, we're seeing where we have the ability and have increased some of our professional services fees in those areas. Because simply, the supply of that particular type knowledge is not enough to meet some of the demands. So we're actually investing in those areas. We're hiring more people in those areas, we're training people in those areas. That's primarily been professional services. All in all, I mean, it's a pretty small percentage of our business. But we do see continued growth in that area and the point being, when we're seeing that growth, that high, and we have the ability to implement price increases appropriately, and we've done that.
Gary Norcross: Yes, and just to, just chime in as well. At the end of the day, we build our acquisition strategy off the people in this room and off our sales channels. And at the end of the day, the best acquisition is one generated out of the business lines because there's an identified need, or generated out of your distribution channel for identified need. There are going to be product acquisitions that are going to be identified that make sense. But paying up for a very large overlapping acquisition is not being driven out of our leadership team at the moment. And so as Frank mentioned, as I mentioned, Mike mentioned, we listen to the people in this room. This is who drives the company. And so at the end of the day, making sure that we give them the tools they need to compete is what's important for us. And so at the end of the day, we're very comfortable in the markets we serve today, which is important to understand the markets we serve. But in those markets we serve, very comfortable with our product suite and this team is not telling us at all that we lack the scale to compete, that we lack the product set to compete, when in growing the business.
Gary Norcross: Yes. For growth, the U.S. was really got hit by that large client, the U.S. was a little bit slower. Europe was, I think 80% growth, 75% growth. Europe was very strong growth, combined I think, we're still on 30%, 25-ish percent organic growth versus where they ended up in '10, so they still had a very solid year, again with one client who got off, that cut the government financing, and so they kind of went out. But when we look at where they ended the year, again, we had that client kind of cut back right at the beginning of the year, made a decision that we thought we could redeploy fast enough to maintain margin. Well, that didn't work out. So we looked at the fourth quarter and where we’re operating, we feel pretty good about where it sets up for '12. I would add to that though, again, so Robin's team have to focus on running their business like every other business unit on our industry. And they all have a budget, they have a plan, they get paid to make their number. But with Capco, in addition to making their number, it's all about Frank and Gary have been involved in these deals where they walk into a CEO or a CIO or the head of an institution, and they're talking about a different operating model, different business. And it's led by, let's start with how you can think of the world differently. So obviously, it was a good start in that direction because it's totally different business model for them in the States. But the discussions and dialogue we've had continue to be positive from our perspective on how that sets up to getting some opportunities in the future.
Gary Norcross: Yes, absolutely. Yes they did a nice job in growing through the loss of their customer, as Mike said, ended up the year strong. We see margins returning to where we originally expected as part of the deal. Conversations between our go-to-market forces, have -- our distribution channel and our client management group, and theirs has never been stronger. So we're still very, very excited about the acquisition and why we did it.
Gary Norcross: I would -- of course you're talking to Mike and Gary who are the most technical executives in the industry, so we should [indiscernible] I would say, any new technological innovation that's going to hit the industry. So the very big guys, it's really not about buying the technology, buying the hardware anymore, it's about buying the people and the expertise. So the big guys will go out and do that. But where do the big guys stop? Is it after the top 4 or 5, is it after the top 10, there's a line there that becomes a pretty sharp demarcation. People can't go out and hire the expertise to do the latest greatest technology, and it gets -- the thing about [indiscernible] say, we can give you the benefit of having better data warehousing, better access, better information, better analytics and do it cheaper and I would focus on solving your business problem. It's hard -- we’re competing against the CEO trying to build out infrastructure, and I think we win those debates these days.
Mary K. Waggoner: Okay. We're now ready to move into the 2012 strategy discussion and financial outlook. I'm going to stall for just a moment because the 8-K has not yet been filed with the 2012 presentation. As soon as that is up and available, we'll pass out the books. But we can go ahead and get started with the beginning portion of the presentation.  We will -- Frank will lead off with a strategy discussion followed by Gary Norcross. And Mike Hayford will come up again to talk about business strategy, growth strategy and financial outlook. Then we will have an executive panel to handle Q&A for about 30 minutes, and then proceed on over to the Crystal Ballroom for the topic table discussions. For the investment community, there are surveys for you to fill out. We would really appreciate you're doing that, we value your input. Anything we can do in terms of timing flow, format, information that we provide for next year's Investor Day, we would welcome your input. So if you would fill those out as we go throughout the day, Laurie [ph] and team will pick those up and will summarize those results and use that for feedback for the next event. So with that, I'll ask Frank Martire to come back up to the stage.
Mary K. Waggoner: Okay. With that, I think Frank wants to make a few closing comments, and I'll follow with a few housekeeping items before we move onto the next portion.
Mary K. Waggoner: Just a reminder to our investors and analysts, please fill out the survey that is on the table in front of you. For those of you listening via webcast, we will e-mail that survey to you, and would appreciate your input on today's event as well. Now, I would ask most of our leadership team to remain seated so that we can escort our guests to the topic table reception. And the topic table facilitator should exit to the Crystal ballroom now as well. Thank you very much.
Frank Martire: It's a good question. You have to understand why we did Capco. So at the end of the day, when you look at Capco's presence in Europe and you look at Capco's presence in North America, and you look at the strategic relationships they have in that LFI community, what we're driving with Capco is really large transformational deals. RBC would be a great example of that. So there's an example where we brought in solution -- Capco brought in solution expertise, helped define the problem in the transformation, we were actually able to come in to that engagement and provide a breadth of services at very nice margins for us. So it's back to the majority of our Services business. At the end of the day, Capco is $300 million out of a $5.7 billion-odd company. So at the end of the day, the services that we're bringing wrapped around our products are coming in at much higher margins. And it's that differentiation, bringing that intellectual property to bear that allows us to do that. So really, they’re getting their foot in the door that actually allows us to build that higher gross services business.
Frank Martire: We see all of our competitors. But in fairness, we've not seen them in a material way in those 2 markets yet. I mean, the reality is, you have to understand what you're saying, it's back to that market positioning. So if you want to get into the credit card processing business and community markets, you're dealing with institutions that are on average are going to issue less than 10,000 cards, right? You're also going to deal with institutions that are going to need a full-service platform. What I mean by that is the ability to underwrite those things, board those cards, deal with cardholder concerns, 24/7. It gets very difficult to build a business model out on that one customer at a time. Today, we have almost 3,800 clients in that market space. So we're able to do that and serve that market back to our scale, because we look at that as a unified portfolio. So I would tell you, that's a very difficult market in community markets to enter if you don't have scale or unless you’re really prepared to go for a very long time and through organic growth one at a time, pick up 500 cards here, 8,000 cards there. Very difficult to build a business. When you look at Brazil, we're very comfortable with our position there. We're the largest third-party processor in Brazil. We've got long-term engagements with our partners. We recently extended some of our back-office work we're doing for Santander as well. So we feel very comfortable in our positions. Obviously, everybody is very focused on Brazil, right? I mean, it's a hot economy, it's a hot market. I always like to laugh and say, we were in Brazil for 15 years. So I mean, if that's good timing, I guess we'll take it. But the reality is, it took us a long time to build out that market. But we see competition across all of our industries. And we're going to be prepared to compete very hard on the service we provide, on taking care of our clients, and I think that's -- you see that bear out in our growth, and you see that bear out in our retention of our clients.
Frank Martire: Well, BofA is not that large of a client for us. Obviously, Bradesco JV is large. Our relationship we have down there, it's a very unique relationship, I think we're very confident in terms of the agreement we have, not just as a commercial relationship, but also the partnership in the JV. And M&I/Harris/BMO, we've talked about that in the past, it's a combination of M&I and Harris. If you think about 1 plus 1 equals 2, it will not equal 2 for us, it will be less than 2. Somewhere between 1 and 2. We'll be handling revenue stream. We continue to work with them. Anyway, we have a great relationship, we have a great relationship at a senior level, and they've got a path they're going to go on to snag. We've got products on both sides. So with core, they're going to end up in our core, you're going to have on a core platform, a single core platform versus historically they had split that between the 2 institutions, Harrison and M&I. But that's something we don't -- the timetable for that is going to be towards the very end of '12. We don't expect much impact in '12 from that consolidation of M&I and Harris. When we go into '13, there's going to be some revenue impact, but with our contract and our term fees, we think we'll be able to preserve all of the earnings from that relationship going into '13, and so now you're back into '14. We knew about this at the end of '10. So our expectation is we will have grown through the impacts by the time we get to '14.
Frank Martire: Yes. I mean, and that contract's got a number of years left on it, but you have to understand the strategic relationship there. One, as I shared with you in some of my prepared remarks, the largest single payment implementation in Brazilian history went on there, leveraging onto our platform, the efficiencies they were able to gain, then if you get into the labor issue around unions in Brazil, the ability to outsource that function is very beneficial to us. So it's very, very strategic. They were able to increase their growth in credit card deployment, they were able to lower their overall cost and we were able to provide a superior end-to-end service. So we, and what also people seem to forget, when you look at our JV, we've got a number of other clients on that joint venture as well that are true commercial clients. So very strategic relationship, several years left on that contract. Here. Right here.
Frank Martire: Okay and just to clarify my comments and build on some of Mike's. What I was talking about was in the sales force, when you look at the buying habits as Mike said in that less than $10 billion market, very, very low software activity and typically, where we have software sales now it will be with a client that we formerly sold software to in the past. So our net new wins, our growth, is really all coming through that outsourcing side. And because of the economy and other things, we're seeing that trend come into the large FI and international markets where those larger institutions were typically biased to license and run it themselves. They're now asking themselves the question, what's the differentiator in me owning a data center, what's the differentiator in me leveraging it. So obviously, that, we're seeing most of our conversations in our sales engine going towards that deployment method.
Frank Martire: Actually, because of our -- it's a great question. Frankly, we've gotten a lot of efficiencies out of our distribution channel. If you look at, traditionally where our competitors will house those organizations, is they'll house them under the business lines, which is a very inefficient process. So what we've done is we've picked those sales resources up and put them across the enterprise of the entire company, and then we've invested heavily in our subject matter experts. So we're driving those people to get the doors open to then allow our subject matter experts to come through and sell appropriately. So it's a very efficient model. I have to warn people, it's a very time-consuming model to implement. We started this almost 8 years ago. And so we built that model every year building it out. So what you're seeing is the efficiencies that we gained through it as well. And I'd also point back to historically, every year, we've had record sales from the standpoint of new sales, net new revenue and data or existing customers or new clients. So we feel very comfortable with it. We continue to evaluate various markets, as I've shared with you. The LFI market, we saw back in late '10, we saw that there was going be a real opportunity as the economy started to recover and we needed to focus there so we moved resource into that, but as I said, we saw no degradation in the community sales engine as well. So we were very pleased with that result and that nimbleness is what allows us to be competitive with those number of resources.
Frank Martire: And we are very prudent about that we do, you know that at the end of the day, and the last large one we did was Metavente.
Frank Martire: Yes. To reinforce it, if you look at our products today globally, and you look at our distribution channels globally, we clearly do not have to do significant acquisitions anymore. And as Mike well put it, why would you pay up for acquisitions when you already have some of those things, and you spend the last 12 years or so doing that. And that's the position we're in.
Frank Martire: And most of these large banks that we got to globally, Capco already has a relationship and a reputation, a very positive reputation which helps us and Capco.
Frank Martire: Well, first of all, I want to thank the investment community for being here today. For those of you who made the trip, I really appreciate it, I know it's a lot of valuable time. I hope you find it valuable to you. The second, for the shareholders in the room, we thank you for your confidence in us. For those who are thinking of investing in us, hopefully, we gained a little bit more of your confidence today. But for those who cover us, thank you for the coverage on FIS, we really appreciate it. I think it's kind of an interesting experience when you have 3 people standing up there, talking with the confidence we do about a company that’s our size and saying things about the future and how we feel about it. We say with confidence for just simply one reason, we have 300 leaders behind us with the same confidence and passion that we do for this company and our clients. And they have 30,000 people behind them with the same passion and confidence. That makes us feel good, that makes us totally confident that we could deliver and we will continue to. We are very passionate, we are very excited about this company. We know we have a great future. We’d like you to be a part of it and have the same enthusiasm and passion that we do. Thank you for sharing your morning with us. We appreciate it. Thank you.
