James W. Woodall: Yeah. I think we tried to outline it both in February and May. The impact in quarter for Q2 and really first half for GFS around the recognition of renewals under ASC 606 impacted us. That trend reverses particularly in Q4 of this year, so we get a net tailwind in Q4. If you go back and look at the commentary from February, we tried to outline that and let you know this was coming. We're certainly seeing that in terms of the recognition of renewals just from adopting 606. To Gary's point, we did see some shift in upfront license to outsourcing. I think that trend will continue. I think it's probably accelerating a bit from our original expectation, but again that's a good long-term outlook.
James W. Woodall: That's exactly right said a different way. When we start October 1, we're looking at some growth just from re-recognition under 606. So that's exactly how we would think about it is Q4 being a little higher and Q3 being a little lower.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. I think if you go back to the dialogue we had at Investor Day around the data center consolidation and the early results around that, you heard some of that in my prepared remarks in corporate, we're certainly seeing that flow through IFS and GFS. The margin profile was definitely strong in IFS this quarter, and it was really clean. So I think you're seeing early results of that as we anticipated and we'll continue to see our ability to drive margins in that area. The other thing that we've talked about a number of times is just operating leverage within that business. As you see organic growth accelerating, like we have the last couple of quarters, the operating leverage really pushes to the bottom line and the profitability.
James W. Woodall: No, it's really around timing of renewals there. That was what we saw and we anticipated and tried to articulate to the market in February and May that we were going to see a low watermark in GFS in Q2. That's certainly come to fruition. We anticipate that to have the opposite effect in Q4 as we see the natural re-recognition of those renewals under 606. So said very clearly, we anticipated roughly a 1.5% to 2% decline in GFS in Q2. We saw about 3%. The other point was roughly the change in move towards outsourcing versus upfront license, which really helps drive that backlog increase that we talked about and gives us some confidence going forward, but those are the two shifts. The shift between outsourcing and license is really the primary change in lowering the GFS guide in terms of its 3% to 4% now.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. As we build the backlog, I'll tell you it just gives us more confidence in the outlook that we gave you back in May. So we see that backlog grow and have more recurring revenue to build on.
James W. Woodall: Yeah, if you look at stripping all the other things out, I'll tell you, looks very close to in line with what we've talked about in our long-term guidance, which is around 4% to 5%.
James W. Woodall: No, that's the reason we actually increased IFS on the guide too. Spent a lot of time talking about GFS and the decrease there, but IFS was very strong, sequential increase of 90 basis points. And we see good growth outlook for the back half of the year and going forward as we continue to see strong sales conversions, processing volumes, all those things that we really like.
James W. Woodall: It's in both segments. It's in both segments, but I would tell you, GFS was a little heavier in terms of backlog build than IFS. But it was in both.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. Nothing particular to call out this quarter one versus another. If you think about currencies, right, the Brazilian real has certainly weakened against the dollar, and that's probably the biggest change we've had from an FX perspective. We also saw some offsetting benefit in the UK pound on the cost side and the rupee in the cost side, given it's kind of an immaterial point of view around earnings impact. But those would be the major areas.
James W. Woodall: Yeah. I think one of the things you see, and we talked about it earlier, we saw an improvement in payments on the revenue growth. We were down in Q1, we expected that. We were up 2% in Q2. Talking about a rebound, we do anticipate continuing to see payments increase as we get through some easier comps in the back half of the year on card production. But overall I would continue to expect to see good growth across both the sub-segments beyond that, both corporate and digital, and banking and wealth. I'm very pleased with where IFS is right now. The sales are converting and things are going very well in IFS right now.
James W. Woodall: No, fundamental, fundamental improvement in the business; higher margins, higher revenue growth, and good fundamentals.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. No, to build on that, Dave, you saw it in Woody's comments around the reoccurring revenue. You've seen GFS accelerate from 70% to 75% in reoccurring in a year, and this is just that trend that we've been signaling. But we've got a lot of our clients now not only looking to take advantage of our software, but how do we take advantage of FIS' processing ability and really lower their overall total cost. So it's a great outcome for the business, because over time you'll see GFS move more like an IFS number. Those margins will continue to accelerate as we get the economies out of – delivering that out of our data center environment. So it's a good long-term outcome for the segment.
Gary A. Norcross: But if you always look at the historical context of that business, Q4 has always been a big quarter...
Gary A. Norcross: ...in sales. And it's very traditional that our clients enter into agreements so they can kick off the new year with a big project or big program. And so, Q4 has always been a big quarter in that business specifically.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. No, it really is. We're really feeling good about the IFS segment. Frankly, about in general IT spend across the entire sector, both IFS and GFS, we've seen three quarters in a row of strong sales across both segments, to your point. And specifically within IFS, we're seeing good sales really across several areas. Frankly, payments has been strong, but it's been more in adoption. So we're seeing accelerated volumes. We're seeing our sales success come across, frankly, next-generation core banking. We highlighted a number of those wins in the prepared remarks. We're also seeing strong embracement of digital channels, so mobile and, frankly, omni-channel, as we roll out our Digital One capabilities, which is really an omni-channel deployment across both the segments. We're seeing our clients clamor to that to try to take out cost out of their back office and actually also drive a better interaction with their customers. So it's really, Dave, across multiple product lines. I think it does show the strength of FIS' overall product portfolio, and that's also resonating. So we highlighted another big digital bank signing on with us. We've become pretty much the standard in digital bank deployment in North America. And, once again, that speed to market, that ability to drive a more open core componentized architecture with open APIs allows people to get quick to market. So we're pleased with the trends we're seeing across our sales channels.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, it's interesting. We had a very strong sales quarter in I&W specifically. In fact, we've had three strong quarters in that. And from a sales standpoint, from a true new total contract value of our sales engine bringing it into the firm, we're ahead of where we were last year. And so we're feeling really good about the demand that we're finding for our products. When you really boil it down – we talked a lot about this in the SunGard acquisition. So if you back up, you remember, we saw an opportunity to actually put these products together and form more end-to-end solutions, and we're seeing a lot of success with that. I think that is also some of the things that's driving people wanting to take this software or this solution now as a service, because they're now entering into contracts with us where we'll take multiple products and really give an end-to-end total solution, and therefore drive it through our data centers. But the sales engine's operating very well in GFS and has consistently for the last year. And so we're pleased at the sales results for the first two quarters.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, I'm going to build on that a minute, Brett. As we talked about at Investor Day, by the end of this year we'll have $100 million in run rate out of operating savings just through data center consolidation. And by the time we're complete with that program in early 2021, we'll have $250 million of run rate. So, you're going to see – that's why we had so much confidence at Investor Day about the margin projections of this business going forward. We're really getting the benefits of this leverage. The team's working together very well. We've seen the operating leverage for years in the IFS. So by nature, as the business grows faster, you'll naturally see a higher contribution margin that will also pull those margins up.
Gary A. Norcross: Brett, as we've been through this process before multiple years ago with IFS, and IFS used to be a heavy oriented license business, and as you're going through the sales process, you first sell the prospect on the product itself or on the solution itself. But to Woody's point, I think the surprise for us was more of those customers that would have traditionally licensed the product really have pushed more towards outsourcing in a somewhat dramatic way, and then 70% reoccurring to 75% is a big bump in a single year. If you look at the back half of the year, we're continuing to model that license fees will continue to be there, but we also recognize this outsourcing trend, which is a good thing, will continue.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah, it was, Brett. We're having a lot of success. As we talked about at Investor Day, this is a journey. We're multiple years into that investment now and now you're seeing the results of that and actually starting to see some wins. In fact, we'll be launching our fully new componentized solutions and we'll continue to bring more and more of those to bear. But we're also taking advantage of that investment and modernizing our existing platforms as well over time. And so our clients will get the benefit of that as part of doing business with FIS as we take them through the natural upgrade cycle. So we're excited where the teams are on that development effort and we're also excited to start seeing this actually come into market now.
Gary A. Norcross: That's what we outlined in May. That's what we've been seeing over a number of quarters and feel good about in terms of outlook. We do have some lumpiness, as we tried to outline a couple of times this year to let you guys know we're going to see that with the adoption of 606, and we can't do much about that.
Gary A. Norcross: Absolutely. And so, as you think about that, the lumpiness comes in the form of license fees. Now that we've got 606, historically we were able to remove clients early, right, and pull in those license fees. So that gets normalized through 606. To Woody's point, in the back half of the year you'll see that re-recognition. Honestly, Darrin, as you look at the percentage of reoccurring revenue increase, it actually gives us more confidence in the guide, not less. And you're going to see that accelerate not only in the back half of the year, but into 2019 and beyond. So we're very comfortable with the business. The sales performance has been very strong. And as we onboard this and – onboard these large processing agreements, it's going to accelerate the growth.
Gary A. Norcross: Absolutely. It's a very consistent model. As people come on into this SaaS offering, just like IFS, you've got a 12- to 18-month onboarding cycle, and then you've got high reoccurring revenue, a good solid contribution margin...
Gary A. Norcross: And to your point, Darrin, we saw good solid sales in Q4 last year, Q1, and now Q2, all in IFS. So that stuff is all going to be onboarding in the back half and early part of next year. So we think it's a real good news story and the quarter was really just about as straight down the fairway as you can get.
Gary A. Norcross: Well, if you look at IFS, now it's roughly about 90%, right? So you'll continue to see – it really depends on how quickly people quit taking on-premise license software. I can tell you historically that was kind of a 10-year transition over IFS, so it was long term as the market moves. But there's very clearly larger and larger institutions are looking to get more leverage out of their purchasing power with their suppliers, and one way of driving that is getting the benefits of our data center investment. You hear how much we're investing in cloud-based technologies, as an example. There really is no sense for our clients to replicate that spend. They should come with us. And as we move more and more of these technologies into our private cloud, we can just do it at a much more cost effective rate than they can. So you'll continue to see this movement over the future quarters.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. No, I think it's fair that you'll see larger and larger contracts being signed out of GFS with a much higher reoccurring revenue, especially as our clients start embracing the solutions that we're putting together for more end-to-end capabilities across the I&W landscape. So I do think you'll continue to see that revenue backlog grow. Woody highlighted significant growth in it this quarter-over-quarter, and you see it in the reoccurring as well.
Gary A. Norcross: Chris, we haven't gotten into disclosures quarter-on-quarter, but it was definitely very strong. We saw the sale success definitely double digits growth, and so we're very pleased where it is at this point in the year.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. The big metric that we look at there is really our term fees. It's very hard to predict when acquisitions are going to occur. Right now we're still modeling our term fees to be flat year-over-year. So we're not seeing – we haven't seen an increased exposure to that, at least based on our forecast over last year. But it's certainly something that we continue to watch.
Gary A. Norcross: I think there are several things driving it, Dan. If you think about it, let's back up. One of the things that we did was we pulled the sales organization out of the individual product lines as we went through the SunGard integration. We got a lot of benefit of that. We got a lot of leverage out of the sales force. By doing that, we also then started putting products together, especially across the I&W landscape, to form more end-to-end solutions, which historically that market had bought more front, middle, or back office and very discrete buying decisions. We're now seeing more end-to-end capabilities, and we've highlighted a number of those wins over the quarters. So then when you add the fact that FIS, given our scale in data center operation, we talked a lot about that, almost all of the IFS business is now taken in a SaaS model. There's a couple of minor exceptions, but in general, the entire IFS segment's a SaaS model. So now we've given not only a solution ability, but also access to world class data centers, which we've talked a lot about. And when you go to our clients and we're looking at prospects and working with them, it really is not only the capability of the product or solution, but how can they drive their total cost of ownership lower. And what we're seeing, and we've highlighted this for quite some time, we're seeing more and more of our clients push themselves to look at alternative ways to lower their overall cost, and just by leveraging our scale in the processing environment. And frankly, we drive a lot of best practices around that. So not only can we drive at a lower cost, we can do it very well. We're just seeing more and more of our customers open themselves up, our larger customers open themselves up to that kind of capability. So part of it is just more arrows in the quiver for our sales force that prior SunGard organization really didn't have this capability at the level we do. Part of it is getting the sales force out of the product line, so now they realize they can sell an entire solution and aligns their compensation models more effectively. And then the third is really a trend in the market, where people are just looking to lower their overall total cost of ownership. So I think all three of those things combined is really driving some of the outcome we're seeing.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. No, it's a good question. Honestly, we have had – and we've talked about it on a number of calls, we've had the whole European market return slower than we would like over the last several years. We have seen good momentum recently in our sales and our backlog. We highlighted a very nice win of launching a new client on our Payments-as-a-Service offering in the UK, which is all cloud-based and API ready. We've had a lot of success (00:42:53) rolling out our new API gateway to meet some of the regulatory changes. So I do think you'll continue to see Europe strengthen for us over the coming quarters and coming years. I do think the environment is improving.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. No, it's a great question. We've actually highlighted in a number of our conferences. So if you think about the evolution of digital, we would argue we're heading into the third major generation of digital deployment. We've been in digital dating all the way back to just mobile banking or Internet banking, which was well over 10 years ago, and we're on the forefront of that. Over the years, we've taken a number of steps through our digital architectures and today we're very, very competitive across mobile, Internet, also small business, et cetera. What we see the next wave is really what we've talked about with our clients and we're getting a lot of traction around this is really an omni-channel deployment. So how do you take all of the both assisted and unassisted channels and bring them through a common architecture? It's really a way for our clients to start not only leveraging the digital channels, but how do you leverage that into the branch environment as well and frankly, where the consumer gets a seamless experience. So that's resonated very well with our clients. And as we invest in that new capability, in that new technology, you see a lot of our clients getting on that journey with us to take advantage of that.
Gary A. Norcross: It's all of the above. Given our client base and given how large our client base in the U.S., a lot of our sales come in the form of cross-sells to existing customers. But we've also been taking new logos in market. So it's really a combination of both – across both of our segments, both IFS and GFS.
Gary A. Norcross: Yeah. No, George, we really are seeing our modernization focus resonate with our clients. And, frankly, as you look at financial institutions as they get larger and larger in the space, especially banks specifically in North America – I'm addressing IFS specifically now – as those banks get larger and larger, our market share becomes greater. And if you look at the capabilities of our existing solutions, I would argue they're best-in-class in the large bank market. If you then layer on our next generation capabilities that we've been investing in for a number of years, you're just starting to see us take – not only take share, you're just seeing our customers get on that roadmap to move to a more modern capability. We highlighted an example in the prepared remarks, where very unusual for one of our client – not unusual for one of our clients to get bought. We all know consolidation occurs in the industry. But it is unusual for the buying entity to actually convert to the acquired bank's solution. And we highlighted an example of that in core banking in this quarter. That's several times that now has occurred over the last couple of years. So as these banks grow to $5 billion, $10 billion, $20 billion, you're seeing more and more of a need to really take advantage of the FIS strength and functionality and capability. And we're seeing that in our pipeline signings. We're seeing that in not only our sales signings, but also in our pipeline. So we feel great about the banking market in the U.S. We feel really good about the investments we're making. We think it plays for a solid outcome for FIS in the future.
Gary A. Norcross: Thank you for joining us today and for your ongoing interest in FIS. We're pleased with the operating performance of the first half of the year, which allows us to raise our earnings per share guidance for two quarters in a row. Importantly, our robust pipeline positions us for strong results in the back half of the year and into 2019. In closing, I'd like to reinforce our core fundamentals. We have a proven market leadership position driving continuous innovation for modernization and improving your capabilities. We are serving healthy and improving market segments and have a very strong financial fundamentals with a proven track record of generating shareholder returns. And we believe our business continues to have a compelling investment thesis and we look forward to delivering on our commitments. I'd like to thank our loyal clients who depend on us to keep their business running and growing every day. The successful partnership between our clients, leaders, and employees enables FIS to continue to empower the financial world. Thank you for joining us today.
