Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah, Noelle. I think from our standpoint, we haven't really changed the way we've looked at guidance other than the fact that we've had a quarter under our belt, and as you see the year and you see the macro markets, they're all strengthening. So it gives us a higher degree of confidence to the midpoint there. In the high end, we see, we still have some uncommitted. We're just starting on our gas season there on the large diameter pipe. Also our Canadian winter that's in front of us as well. So as we see that and we see us progress through that season, it'll allow us to get better visibility into the other side of the year. So that's where the high end lies, is in the backside of the year.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yes. You know, the Stronghold acquisition, we felt like we bought a company that was necessary, the maintenance would get performed year-over-year and that's the case. And we bought exactly what we thought we did. They performed exactly like we thought. And we're extremely pleased. We also see lots of opportunities in that market, that space. We're not seeing the impacts that others may see. So, we're extremely pleased with how they performed and believe they'll perform the rest of the way and for the long-term for that matter. The management team is fantastic and our opportunities downstream just continue to come in.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah, we've said it all along that we though the Electric Power business would be in double-digits this year and it will be, from what we see. And if it goes higher than that, we'll need some pull-in from storms and such. Again, we have telecom segment that reports through there, which Derrick can give you the impact on that. But we like the market, we like the macro market. We do think we're seeing more larger projects, we're bidding larger projects now, continue to see those verbal commitments and such. So, we like where we sit. We don't have Wind Catcher in our guidance. If something like that was to go, it creates more upward end to the margin and upward end to guidance. So I'll let Derrick comment on the telecom.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah, this is Duke. We see the projects out there, so the opportunities are there. You have your LNG takeaways. You're starting to see in Texas and Louisiana as well as in Canada, so we're starting to see some visibility in the LNG market, which takes a lot of pipe. They use a tremendous amount of gas. We are seeing the FERC ruling recently on MLPs where it disallows on a FERC line the tax benefit. So that is new. It's new information out there. I do not think it's changed, really the viewpoint that it's necessary to build pipe to these markets and they'll continue to build it. It may be noisy for a quarter or two till they get it ironed out at FERC, but I do believe most of our customers are looking for venues. Either they're dissolving their MLPs, or whatever they're doing, to make sure that they can continue to build pipe to market and make sure that their rates assess the new provisions there from FERC.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah, Tahira. I think if you look at it, there's a multitude of large projects out there. You have Keystone sitting out there, you have Line 3 sitting out there, you have Coastal, you have both Enbridge and TransCanada have lines that feed the LNG exports in Canada. So all those are lines that we're looking at, we're certainly around the edges on. But beyond that, I mean it takes a lot of feeder lines and a lot of short lines that feed out of those shelves into those larger pipes, so that also is something that interest us in our midstream market. So we're seeing all that come together. We kind of said in the past though, if we saw a bunch of LNG export, you would see us – the cycle elongate. So any of that, the old pipelines also get us somewhat more enthusiastic about the longevity of larger diameter pipe. That being said, I really like our portfolio of companies that we have. I like how we're delivering on all the macro markets. So all that being said, just in general, I think our macro market and our ability and our earnings power of the company has never been greater. Our markets are continuing to strengthen, and I can't say it enough on all of our segments.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. I think, Tahira, we're looking at it long term. So if you just look at it, you look at it today, and you say our backlog's $11.7 billion.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: We're sitting on Wind Catcher and other awards in excess of $2 billion today. They're verbally (37:08) to proceed whatever it may be that we see that we could possibly be in backlog depending on how we look at the next quarter and the quarters beyond. So that being said, the markets are extremely strong. Our base business, we've talked about it, growing single-digits. The CapEx, the OpEx of the utilities continue to grow. That's really what's driving the business is that 80% to 85% of that base business that continues to strengthen and now we're starting to see these larger projects layer on top of that and so the strength of the larger projects give us a lot of confidence in the outer years and this year included.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. Matt, I mean, I think the year is somewhat inverse of last year where we had a large first quarter with Sabal Trail and we're able to give little bit more visibility on our Gas segment early. It's inverse to that this year where you're starting to see the back half with our season's more normal this year, so you're starting to see all of our spreads or starting construction now. We're getting more comfortable that they're going to get in construction. We are in West Virginia with a bunch of work in other areas. There's risk to those – that work and contingencies. And as we get there, we get started, our productivity rates start to run. We can see it and get more visible on it, but I think I've said in the past on that type of work. We'll be cautious about how we guide it, but I think by the end of the next quarter we should be able to get more visibility in it and we'll take a different look at it but we're really just starting our big pipe season on the Gas business which will drive the upper end of any kind of guidance adjustment on the Gas side. So our season's just started. We gave you early guidance, and we're in the early stages of the Gas piece. But as a portfolio of the company, in general, just take the large diameter pipe out, we're strengthening across the board.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Matt, I think the demand is there for sure. As far as what we've said, the $575 million to the $600 million, we'll stand by that as it sits today. They had a good first quarter, which is seasonally a big quarter for them and their own target for the year here. So we're pretty excited about where we sit. What they do from a service standpoint is certainly necessary in these refiners, as well as the downstream market. So the company continues to take market share. Others are having issues. We continue to get people, superintendents, whatever it may be. Employer of choice. I really like the management team. We got what we thought we bought. We'll move forward with it. It's a great base revenue business. It allows us to diversify in our Gas segment. If we get some things, some different kind of weather in the first quarter, you would start to see that even in the first quarter. But I think as we move forward and we get the large diameter pipe that that piece of business really shines.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. Jamie, really, from our standpoint, all the business lines are strengthening. So when we talked about at the Analyst Day, we kind of laid out a $10 billion and $1 billion from an EBITDA standpoint, $10 billion and $1 billion of EBITDA is kind of was our goals and we still stay behind those goals. We're getting closer to the top line. We got to work on the bottom line, we know that from the margin profile. So we talked about our Electric segment getting in double-digits this year; I think we'll be in there. We're growing a telecom business. It's how much growth we have underneath that also pulls down some of these margins. And as we look at the distribution business on the gas side, we talked about consolidating some offices, getting some strength out of those investments that we've made in distribution. We're getting that, we're seeing that. So I think every – all those businesses are starting to enhance our whole portfolio, but I do think you need to look at Quanta as a portfolio of companies which gives us great strength as we move forward. You've seen it this quarter in a storm where one division or one segment may get hit a little bit, but we have a storm and you get this impact of a storm. So the portfolio of companies and the way that we're using our specialized skilled labor, the 35,000 plus or running on 40,000 that'll get out there, it's how we're doing that and the solutions we're providing in a portfolio, that allows the earnings power and the growth of the company over the long term. And I think to put it in a little segment or a big segment for that matter, it's the whole company that's moving forward.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Well, I mean we've set $10 billion and $1 billion in our guidance, is already at $10 billion. Take out Stronghold at the high end, I mean, the opportunity to certainly get to the $10 billion; can we get to the $1 billion? We need to execute through contingencies. We need to see some larger projects come in. But I'm not saying we can't even get there this year. I mean it's a stretch, obviously, at the high end to get to the $1 billion. I'd give it three year's timeframe.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: We see that the growth on the base business. We've said in the past that if you take out the large projects, which we can't control, we'll growth in the high-single digits on the base business, which is 80% to 85% of the business. So if you take that growth rate, I can't tell you exactly where the large projects are going to fall. I just said that verbally or from an LNTP or Wind Catcher or whatever it may be, you're sitting on another $2 billion of backlog, so at least.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. I mean, I think you – that becomes difficult because we can do two projects in one year, we can do a multitude of different things. So just to say, hey, when are you at capacity, depends on where the projects are. And when you're in the mountainous regions, there's only a finite number of spreads that can work through the Rockies or even through kind of in the Appalachian region, so. That being said, it's difficult. I don't think we're turning down work by any means, and I'm not sure that we ever have in certain areas. Depending on the project, depending on where it's at, we're certainly capable of booking work at this point. But in the U.S., from our standpoint, on our mountain spreads, on the tough, rough terrain, I believe we'll be at capacity in the third quarter.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yes and yes. I do think that it's a matter for us, we're starting it from an organic standpoint for the most part, so our ability to get qualified, craft skilled labor and deploy them in the field as quickly as possible and least expensively as possible is something that we're striving to do. We made the (sic) Northwest Lineman acquisition. We were able to have telecom curriculum take those guys, put them in the field fairly rapidly. We really like that acquisition. I can't say enough about how much that does for us from training and craft skilled labor and new markets, and certainly from an organic growth standpoint, the opportunity is there. We could book work daily, we could book more and more backlog, we could double our backlog. It depends on how quickly we can get people to the field and perform. And I'm more concerned with our performance and making sure that we create the value that we said we would for our customers and deliver. So we're going to be cautious about how we deploy and how quickly we do, but certainly the opportunities are there. The market's very good.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: No. We've said in the past, it's really about utilization for us. The market it'll bear a certain amount of return and then it's about utilization and how well we can fully utilize our equipment, people, and resources. The market's there. I've said it over and over. If you look at the CapEx, OpEx spends of the 20 (55:31) they continue to exponentially grow. I can't – the elongation, we're in very early stages. We talk about these segments and these being in 10-year cycles. I mean we're very early stages of an upward cycle in the Electric business and it's all about replacement, grid modernization. We're doing all this without very negative low growth for that matter for the most part and most regions are at least flat. So as you start to see any type of industrial load growth, things like that creates these larger transmission projects and layers on top of this, but we continue to provide solutions to our customers that make sense and we're real happy with where we sit there. Our guys in the field are doing a fantastic job from a performance standpoint. I can't say enough about the management team we have there and where we sit. Our long-term outlook there is certainly strong.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: I would agree with that. I mean I think the U.S. grows too, so I think it stays in that range, but the large – we're depressed a bit on our large pipe market as it sits right now in our outlook. If that strengthens, certainly Canada would strengthen as well. (58:28) you also have some FX there as well that was in the past the dollar – Canadian dollar was a little stronger, so.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: It's just generally hard to quantify exactly what the contribution is. But we do find it to be accretive to the margins for the quarter.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. First I'd like to thank the guys in the field. They're performing the work every day safely and we thank them, certainly, and look forward to performing the work in the future safely. And thank you, everyone, for participating in the first quarter 2018 conference call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah, everything Duke said I agree with. To his point, I mean, as compared to previous periods, telecom is in our guidance at this point. It has some dilutive effect to that. When we get to the end of the year as the individual quarter, we think we'll be into upper high-single digit range of execution, but here in the first part of the year you're in the lower single digit range and so that's putting a dilutive effect to the overall year for Electric Power. An additional point is, is that when you saw higher levels of margin in the past, we had a larger contribution of larger transmission projects. As it stands here today, we're executing only on, for 2018, a couple to three of those larger projects. In years past, we've been executing on as many as 9 or 10. So there's still a little bit of drag that's there for some underutilized equipment, whether that's coming from U.S. or Canada, so there's still an opportunity for margin expansion is there to the extent that we bring on additional large projects. And then lastly, as Duke said, I mean, to the extent that we have the amount of growth that we have, you've got deployment of resources and G&A, and so as we look forward and think about the growth dynamics that are there, we think we'll have better absorption.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah. What I'd say is, is that its – you're looking at double-digit growth. We had commented that historically they've been five, six years a compound annual growth rate of double-digit. When you look at run rate revenues, 2017 coming into 2018, we're seeing that same dynamic, double-digit for both the year, as well as the quarter.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah, Steve, we've been running at – for Electric Power with base business in the probably 80% to 90% range now for quite some time for Electric Power. As we look forward to total contribution to 2018, I would anticipate it's going to be in that same kind of range, in that 80% to 90% range overall. The larger projects that we have today run really through, call it, the early to mid-2019. But from Duke's commentary, we continued to see opportunities for additional project awards and so I would anticipate this time next year, you can still yet see something that's in that 80% to 90% range of base business with continuing to have contributions from larger transmission projects.
Derrick A. Jensen: M&A to backlog from the first quarter was fairly nominal, call it around $20 million or so. Remember that the two acquisitions, one was a small electric power company and then the other one was actually the (sic) Northwest Lineman College which is a smaller component of overall backlog. And then relative to – on a go-forward basis, I mean, we continue to be opportunistic looking at M&A across Electric Power, Oil and Gas, Canada, U.S., Australia. We do think that there are still yet a number of opportunities that are out there and that we continue to explore looking for ways to add strategically to the overall portfolio.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah, I think that we're saying that as it stands here today, our guidance as of the beginning of the year really remains unchanged. We're really looking forward to the second quarter and mobilizing on the individual project themselves. So I would say the low and high of our revenue expectations as well as margin expectations remain the same. We had a little bit higher revenue here in the first quarter maybe than we were originally looking at, but that was just the standpoint of continuing to work through projects. The dilution associated with that was the headwind from the storm work, which offset that. So, effectively, as we stand here today, the second, third and fourth quarter dynamics for us are still remaining unchanged to our expectations as to the beginning of the year. And we'll – I think we'll have a lot better visibility when we get to the second quarter on – from a confidence perspective, as well as narrowing of the range.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah. So just in Texas we do see a lot of activity in the Permian, both union and non-union, on those larger diameter pipes you can do that work. But again, we can run a couple of spreads, non-union there, on large diameter pipe with our non-union activity. So, yes, we are seeing that. We do see the opportunities there in the mainline. The large projects are lumpy, as you know. So, again, and when they go into backhaul, can we back fill it? It will just be a lumpy progress, how we look at it. So I can't tell you exactly how that'll come in. There's certainly the opportunity for us to maintain that level through 2019. It just – we don't know when those projects come into RFQ, RFI type timeframes. So it will be difficult for us to kind of give you exactly when they'll hit backlog. But the opportunities and what we're seeing and the robustness of the market, we're certainly having great discussions with our customers for 2019 and beyond. And the LNG export, as we've talked about, really it impacts Canada, Texas. It's broad-based. And your midstream business also comes back as – when you get this takeaway capacity in Appalachian. It allows that midstream business to come in. And that's not easy work, and it's big diameter work even. You're talking 16, 24-inch pipe coming in through the mountains of West Virginia. So that's good work for us. And so we're pleased that you'll start to see that come back as well. So shell plays certainly fill up these big pipes for our LNG export. The liquids are there as well, coming out of the oil sands. And so we're pretty excited about that market long term.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah. As it stands, Canada is still running probably in the 15% to 20% range. Of that, that's about the same mix whether you look at Electric or telecom or Oil and Gas. It really runs pretty consistent across the lot of it. Relative to where it's been in the past peak, that's hard to answer on because of the fact that over five years ago, I mean we've continued to acquire companies in Canada. Five years ago we didn't necessarily have as much of an oil and gas presence as we do today through acquisitions. So ultimate contributions I'd say are larger today than they were five years ago. I'm not sure I can provide really any other color than that. Going forward, I'd tell you that we continue to also see growth opportunities in Canada comparable to what we see in U.S. for both Electric Power and Oil and Gas. And we continue to see large pipe project opportunities in Canada. So it's a growing part of our business and I would say that comparable to U.S. with the double-digit growth. I'd say maybe next year and the year after you might see it in that 20% range.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah, I mean, the things that I watch the closest is interest rates and things like that. We're able to kind of keep wage inflation on the Electric side around 3%, 3.5%, something like that. That's where it will iron out. That's what the market bears. The Gas side on these larger diameter projects, certainly, the labor will move. It'll get bouncy on you, so we take all that into account when we're looking forward on these projects. And taken in – we typically don't take material inflation, things like commodity inflation. So fuel is the only thing that'll move a bit, but we're not seeing any kind of crazy numbers there. We're in pretty good shape. We like where we're at.
Derrick A. Jensen: No. I mean, we have not seen that year. Certainly, everybody would – the steel kind of tariff announcement, this and that, everybody's kind of struggling on what that means, but we've not – everybody's kind of getting around what that says and what that means. I think in general, the market's pretty stable and everybody is adapting to regulation, whether it be tax rebate or increases in steel tariff. As long as we have good visibility and understand it and understand what's coming out of it from a regulatory aspect, the industry tends to adapt.
Derrick A. Jensen: I think that as we go forward we'll continue to have other types of investments. We've said in the past that, that's a component of our business that we continue to pursue, strategic investments and the like. So I think that – whether it be 2019 or 2020, I'd have a level of expectation that's in there. From a size perspective, that – it's hard to say. But as it stands right now, I'd probably say that I'd be backing off on that number a little bit going into 2019 compared to 2018.
Derrick A. Jensen: And some of that's difficult to say, because just the way that it irons out whether it's more positive or not. But definitely from the segment standpoint it is accretive to the segment, the storm margins.
Derrick A. Jensen: It's utilization, the guys are working long hours to get more utilization out of the equipment, such.
