James F. O'Neil: Yes, I'm going to let Derrick talk about that briefly. I'll just say that the uses of capital, we've got the significant amount of working capital to fund on pipeline projects. There's M&A activity and certainly, there's an opportunity to buy back stock. So I don't think there's going to be much change in use of capital, at least the strategy for our uses of capital, but I'll let Derrick add some additional commentary.
James F. O'Neil: I think that you can have quarter-over-quarter fluctuations in backlog, Tahira. But it should remain strong and even grow, if we get some pent-up backlog because we can't get through the construction delay. Because of construction delays typically projects aren't awarded until they get the permitting cleared and the projects moved to construction. So delays in backlog in revenues kind of work hand in hand with one another. But I do think that certainly, the multi-year outlook is really -- is strong. What's happening is we're getting a lot of -- our work is starting to move toward the Northeast U.S. and into Eastern Canada. That's where you typically have harder -- our customers have more difficult times permitting lines, primarily because of the customer population and density, but we do think that we'll break through here as we move into '16. And there are other opportunities in the Southeast U.S. and the Western U.S., particularly to deal with the intermittency of renewables, where permitting has historically been easier in the western states. So we see a lot of opportunity out there for growth. How backlog plays out: It should remain strong and grow over a multi-year period.
James F. O'Neil: I think on the last call, I said that the low price of oil would affect us about 5% of our total business. It's probably a little bit more than that right now. Fortunately, we weren't really concentrated in the Eagle Ford and the Bakken, where those oil-rich sands and those areas have been impacted from the wellhead to the midstream gathering programs. Those are down. The Marcellus, we're still active there. We have seen a little bit of slowdown but that's primarily because of the inability to get permitting for the main pipelines to take product out of there, not the low price of oil. But overall, the gathering work we anticipate will still run about the same revenue -- at the same revenue level as we -- have been experiencing over the last several years. And if it did fall off, we certainly believe that any fall off in the oil and gas sector, whether it's a downturn in gathering or services impacted by the low price of oil will be offset by mainline additions that we expect here, not only this year, but over the next several years.
James F. O'Neil: Well, because customers are concerned about capacity. And to our comments over the last several quarters, there are some customers that are trying to plan their -- plan out their construction strategy earlier in the game. So you are going to see some awards, I believe, over the next several quarters that will have some time in between the contract award and when the project's start date is. And a lot of that is being driven by these projects are very large in size and scope. They need to be planned early. And they need to have a certainty that the construction resources will be available to do the work.
James F. O'Neil: Noelle, this is Jim. I think we're going to continue to be opportunistic on acquisitions. I don't think -- our strategy has not changed. I do believe that we will see the same number of acquisitions that we've, as far as the number that we've transacted on, will be comparable to the last several years. The dollar value will probably be a little bit lower. So the total consideration we pay for acquisitions in '15 will probably be less than what we did in '13 and '14. I don't see any big acquisition out there. And I think that's probably the concern of investors that we're going to take this money go make a big play in M&A, and we don't see that right now. I think we're going to continue to be very selective and continue to follow the same strategy that we've embarked on the last several years.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, first on your question on transmission projects, I think it's pervasive throughout both larger projects and also projects we're doing under MSAs to where it's just more difficult to cite any infrastructure. The larger projects I do want to reiterate, they're not canceled. They just get pushed out. It's very difficult to sight and permit some of these larger lines, and we do see delays of up to years here. We were in some of the final stages of permitting and sighting. We thought projects would move forward by the end of this year, but they slipped into '16. And again, the smaller MSA-type transmission projects, we also see some issues there, especially in areas that have a population concentration. It's just difficult to even site projects that are just a mile or 2 long if this transmission and not reconductoring of any existing right-of-ways. As far as Sunesys, there was no rhyme or reason to why, there was no -- we didn't sell Sunesys because the M&A multiples were down in the Oil and Gas sector. This is something that we've been contemplating primarily for several different reasons, but the fiber market has continued to accelerate. The competitive environment has continued to change. There's been a lot of mergers, acquisitions, private equities involved, very -- a lot of aggressiveness by competition to penetrate Sunesys' footprint. We don't have the capital to compete in that environment today. I mean, that business has changed significantly over the last 5 years in a good way. We've done our best to create, and we have created value for our investors but we think that at the rate that the market is accelerating, we felt that we could lose our competitive advantage because we didn't have the capital to compete. I mean, you're seeing hundreds of millions of dollars deployed by customers -- or by competitors into this space. And it does -- that business takes a lot of cash to compete, and that's not who we are. We're an energy infrastructure company and we had to pick our priority. And our priority is certainly to build out opportunities in the energy infrastructure space, and that's where our capital is going to go. So it's just the best decision for the employees of Sunesys and it's the best decision for our shareholders and it did happen at a very opportune time, I think, in the industry. In our industry, both from on the energy side and on the fiber side for Crown Castle.
James F. O'Neil: No, we've got -- at the midpoint of our guidance, we have, in hand, the mainline work this year. So if there aren't any delays, I mean, these are projects that are permitted or ready to go, that some of them are even on construction now. We would, on the higher end of our guidance, would require some new awards, which is a possibility in the fourth quarter of this year because we do see things on the mainline side beginning to accelerate. But we would require some uncommitted mainline to get to the top end of our guidance. I think on the electric side, I mean, transmission, we're not -- we have not peaked, but we've -- we have taken a pause. And that's going to happen. I mean, we've had significant growth in transmission over the last several years. Some of these delays -- we are pausing. I mean, we're still going to generate revenues at a high level, consistent with where we've been here over the last several quarters, but we're not going to see a fall off. But I think our growth -- any falloff can be -- will be replaced or augmented by mainline pipe on a consolidated basis.
James F. O'Neil: Well, we've had a great working relationship with Crown Castle over the last several years. They've licensed our fiber for their small-cell deployment. And it just evolved into a discussion from working together as strategic partners to try to deploy their small-cell. And it moved into a situation where we did consider other options at the time, very hard. We did bring in JPMorgan from the standpoint of helping us work through those decisions. They've done more fiber deals than anybody in this space. We felt that the offer that we received from Crown Castle was very attractive compared to historical multiples that have been paid in this business. And so we felt that it was in the best interest to move forward with them to see if we can strike a deal. One of the main reasons we did that is I didn't need disruption of the Sunesys' workforce. And very public processes can create a negative impact on operations. So it just worked out really well. I think it was the cleanest way to do a deal. We got outside advisers. We did consider options, but the multiple that they were offering us in the process was, I think, the most efficient way and the quickest way to get to an SBA.
James F. O'Neil: I think Canada is a very robust environment. It's -- Banister is the #1 player in that market in Canada in mainline. We have seen some delays here in '15 in some of Banister's. The opportunities that we expected in '15 did get pushed, but I would say that our robustness and the outlook is for Banister is more than what we anticipated when we bought them. And certainly, I think that mainline opportunities are going to play out for them in a big way as we move into '16 and beyond because they are the #1 player in Canada, and they have significant customer relationships with pipeline companies in Canada. So the Banister acquisition was very strategic for us. And while '15 will be a little bit soft for them, we're going to see some nice opportunities in the outer years with Banister leading those mainline pipe efforts.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, the main problem there was material delays. I mean, we were on schedule. We're not really having performance issues. It's about a $200 million job. I believe we're 50% complete on it. We had some material delays on critical components that -- from manufacturing that created some issues. So we had to take some hits on that projects in the first quarter, but we believe things are heading in the right direction now there. But it was worthy of pointing out because it did have an impact on the quarter.
James F. O'Neil: We've always said that we were going to be very selective in power generation. This is not an area that we see as a growth platforms per se but an area that we're going to be opportunistic on the smaller combined cycle plants. It's unfortunate that we have this issue here, but we do see opportunities to capitalize in some specialized areas on power plants going forward but this isn't a third leg of a stool or growth platform for us. It's more like renewables, that we have the expertise in-house to execute at a certain level on these projects. And we'll continue to be opportunistic when we can. Unfortunately, we've just had some issues on this 1 job, but I think there's opportunities going forward to take advantage of in this market at times.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, some customers are traditionally bidding out projects as they've done in the past. Many have moved to a negotiated type stance to whether they're negotiating solely with 1 contractor, or 2 contractors on bigger programs. We're seeing a trend in that direction. I would say on the bidding, you're always going to have competition and you're going to always have to people that are being irrational and we're going to use our same bidding discipline that we've employed over the last several years. So our margins that we're bidding are no different than the margins that we've bid on in the past. But we are, on a positive note, seeing many customers again with these big capital programs that are moving toward a negotiating -- negotiated stance while -- exclusively with contractors. But margins in backlog right now are consistent with what we've historically generated over the last year or so.
James F. O'Neil: Yes. I mean, I think margins in that segment are directly correlated to executing on mainline pipe projects and having a healthy amount of mainline revenue. And I think that's imminent. I mean, I think that as we get into '16, we should be in that 9% to 12% range if the mainline pipe programs play out as we expect. So I know people have been waiting for this for quite some time. We've been speaking about it for a couple of years. It's probably slipped about 9 months to a year from when I thought it was going to happen. Instead of being a '15 dynamic, though, I really think '16, certainly. We're starting to really get some visibility now that gives us some confidence that mainline pipe in '16 is going to happen.
James F. O'Neil: We still look at Australia as a great opportunity for us to expand the Quanta footprint. They had a great year last year. Probably won't see growth there because of the economy and the price of oil, but don't see any big fall-off there either. Coal seam gas projects are moving forward, but many of our customers in coal seam gas also have some oil interests. So they've been hit there on their other investments and their cash flows are down. So their pace of investment in the coal seam gas development has slowed somewhat. But with that said, there's opportunities to take advantage of in the electric space as well, and we continue to look at opportunities to grow there. There's just so many market drivers there that, with the deregulation that's occurring there, the aging infrastructure, renewable interconnections, there's a lot of opportunity to expand our electric and to maintain and grow our pipeline segment as well, as the opportunity exists. So I would say that we're going to just be calculated and our investments in Australia and slowly and opportunistically grow that platform. But there won't be any big play in Australia because of the Sunesys transaction.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, and I want to reiterate, our bidding discipline has not changed on mainline as well. And we continue to see additional opportunities come in, employing that discipline. So as Derrick stated, once we get into next year and we have a significant level of mainline pipe, we should be able to get within the range that we expect in that 9% to 12% range.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I'd like to thank all of you for participating on our first quarter 2015 conference call. We do appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you, and this concludes our call.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, Tahira, I agree with Jim's comments. I mean, although we do see opportunities there, you can see with our original repurchase program that we've used a good portion of that all the way through the first quarter of this year. And we have $225 million remaining under that program to date. So we obviously see that being one of the uses of capital and a good use of capital. Having said that, M&A and investments we still believe are significant contributor, and in fact, we believe create greater long-term value. And so we will still be looking at that. We still consider ourselves to be an acquisitive company. But I think it will be a combination of those things, is what you'll see. And we'll be opportunistic at how we balance those based upon the M&A and investment-type pipeline, looking back and forth between that versus capital repurchase. The other thing I'll comment that although we announced the transaction today, it's still subject to regulatory approval, and there's a timing issue to when that may close. And although we anticipate a very low risk to closing, there is still a bit of risk to that. And I think that she -- we will be, in our minds, a little premature to make a significant move in a permanent capital play until we see how that plays out.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, as it relates to the kind of global free cash flow, I've made comments last year that I thought 2015 might have the opportunity to have overall stronger free cash flow. We're seeing that here in the first quarter to the extent that there is a little bit of a flatness in revenues that generally offers opportunity for a stronger bit of free cash flow. But right now, I'm still looking at my DSOs to still run probably in the 80-day range throughout the year, so that will create that kind of a regular pace. And to the extent that mainline opportunities come about, mainline is actually where I see a bigger need for working capital and some of the demand. So I think that will offset some of that creation of cash that might happen on the electric power side. Most specifically, we think that we'll see -- continue to see those jobs ramp up throughout the rest of the year, which will continue to draw on working capital. On the fiber side, yes, what I would say is we have historically invested CapEx about equal to the cash flow that, that segment created. So net-net, we were about a 0 dollar free cash flow for fiber. So once you take that out, at least as ratio perspective, it seems to improve the ratio.
Derrick A. Jensen: One bit additional color to that is that of those acquisitions, you might see the cash-stock mix switch a little bit. As you've seen throughout the first quarter and second quarter, actually most transactions, if not all, have effectively been all cash transactions. The size of those transactions dictate a little bit of that, such that you might see us using a little bit more cash because of those smaller-sized deals.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, from a foreign currency perspective quarter-over-quarter, I'd call it, roughly 3%. It's about $140 million in electric power, I think, I called out for backlog, and that's 12 -- that's sequential backlog.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, I assume you're talking about the ones that were closed here in the second quarter. There's a couple of small deals. I'd say run rate revenue is probably in the $25 million to $35 million range in electric power. And backlog, call it, probably about $35 million, $40 million.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, I mean, change orders are a regular part of our business, both approved and unapproved change-orders. That's an ongoing part of our business. I'd say there's no one quarter per se that stands out more than another in that regard. I did comment, as it relates to the specific activity we called out for -- here in the first quarter that we have not booked anything unique to that activity. So to the extent that are able to go through and do anything from a quantification perspective, that could lead to some potential upside in future quarters. But as it stands for those projects, we have not recorded any change orders.
Derrick A. Jensen: No, I mean, there wasn't any particular project performance that stands out really to cause an individual fluctuation per se on oil and gas. The margins for the first quarter, once you take out the arbitration cost for last year, are very comparable quarter-over-quarter and reflects, in our mind, a fairly normal seasonality. We would expect that there would be a little bit of pressure in the oil and gas margins in the fourth -- first quarter and then continue to grow throughout the year, much like we saw in last year. So as we go out further, I think you'll see us back into that 9% to 12% range overall. But I would still always anticipate that the first quarter have some degree of challenge just because of the normal seasonality.
Derrick A. Jensen: There was -- there weren't anything particular to call out. I mean, we've got just kind of normal conversation adjustments, primarily associated with cost of living as well as that you have the full year effect or starting to get full effect, new employees that were hired last year. A lot of that having to deal with a lot of the greenfield and strategic initiatives that we have going on and bringing on personnel to support those initiatives. So that's why you'll see a little bit of G&A front running some portion of revenue in that. As far as guidance, overall, I think I'd say that corporate unallocated will continue to run somewhere in the 2.5% to 2.9% range; fairly consistent with what you saw in 2014.
Derrick A. Jensen: No. I mean, we would still say that overall, we see electric power margins being able to be within the 10% to 12% range long term. This year, we still see the opportunity, for the latter half of the year, for our margins to be in that 10% to 12% range once we get past some degree of the seasonality that we're having here in the first and second quarter. And so with that, I mean, we are -- as Jim commented earlier, the margins on our backlog are very comparable to what we've seen over the last several years as far as -- from an execution and expectation standpoint. So I think that we'll see clearly opportunity for 10% to 12% margins in the Electric Power on a go-forward basis.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, I would say it's very similar to electric power. Our normal seasonality is that as you look through the years, the second, third and fourth quarters have a tendency to have both expansion in revenue and somewhat an expansion in margin throughout. So to that end, I think that we'll see higher margin opportunities in the Oil and Gas segment for the third and fourth quarter. And your first part of that, which is speaking to mainline, I mean, we continue to see that also that margins are very capable of getting us back into the 9% to 12% range and executing at that level. And over the long term, we very much see that those mainline contributions will be pushing us -- pushing the segment to that type of level of performance.
