Earl Austin: Yes, thank you. I think when we look at the segment itself and what we have this year, we’re confident the $850 million, we don’t need any extra awards to achieve our midpoint of our guidance. We’re looking at the company and the portfolio. We’re also looking at the segment with our large diameter pipe becoming less and less of that segment. It’s more steady. It’s less risk and we continue to perform underneath the large diameter pipe. And saying that, the opportunities are still there. We talked about $6 billion in total for both electric and gas. We continue to see opportunities this year and into the future. By no means that we think we’re at the bottom of the cycle, but it will cycle. It is a cyclical business in large diameter pipe. We continue to make that less of that segment over time and we’re growing underneath quite nicely. We’re real proud of where the segment sits. The opportunities are still there. We talked about the LNG exports. We talked about moving gas and – of the Permian down into the load centers. So there’s plenty of opportunity out there and there’s plenty of opportunity to backfill second-half of the year and on into next year. We still like that segment and still like that large diameter pipe business.
Earl Austin: Yes, thank you. I think I was speaking to us and the industry. Look, I don’t – can’t comment on that, you have to look at it. But when I see it – when we see our growth patterns, we say mid to upper single digits. You can go back through the years and look at our performance and look at what we’ve done based upon craft-skilled labor putting people in the field and our ability to do so. I like our chances to continue to grow that. We set up or to mid single digits over time. And if you’re coming off, let’s just call it, 90% in the base business and we’re growing to mid to upper single digits. You’re growing quite nicely and it’s repetitive, it’s resilient and we like the backdrop which is 60% of it is based upon utility spends.
Earl Austin: Yes. Thanks, Noelle. I think if you look at the data that’s out there, you’ll see many of our customers are investing in both CapEx for storm hardening, which is related to wildfires storms around the Gulf Coast, East Coast. So those things continue to happen, they’ve happened over time. It seems like it’s more frequently – I’ve seen it go both ways, where you have natural disasters that are quite prevalent for two or three years and then there’s a low. So, whether something we can’t predict, but we do see a lot of that today. I do believe that the most of the public is willing to pay for resiliency and that’s what you’re seeing with the grid. And in general, you’re also seeing different forms of generation going into renewables or natural gas. So the grid is moving around from a transmission standpoint to accept those that load on to the systems. And also the last thing I would just say is, the modernization is certainly taking place and it’s broad based. It’s not one customer, it’s across the Board and it’s necessary to have a modern system in a modern economy. And I think it’s – I think our customers and ultimately the ratepayer benefits from the investment that’s been done and continuing. I do believe we’re in early cycles as well.
Earl Austin: I think, in general, we’ve really concentrated on that base and making sure that we’ve grown that and really at the customer level collaborating with them. We really see us just continuing to grow that out. As far as the FERC and all the decisions that are made thereon, let’s call it, MVP, ACP or whatever you would like to talk about. There’s plenty of opportunities underneath all that, that don’t make the headlines that are $90 million or $100. It’s not the big project that we tend to talk about everyday. There’s lots of those out there. There’s lots of opportunities for us across the Board on those projects. We’re pleased with where we sit, more pleased with how we’re executing. And I still think it goes unnoticed that last year we had about $2 billion of large projects. In the guidance this year, there’s about a $1 billion. All that is base business growth that you see into 2019 that I still think goes unnoticed. We continue to talk about a very, very, very small position of what we’re discussing in 2019. So I just want to reiterate, again, the growth of the company at the base level and the margins around it that are sustainable and resilient.
Earl Austin: Yes. Thanks, Jamie. First to address the base business and the margins, I think, as a company as a whole, we work in a portfolio and many offices are consolidated. So when we look at that and we look at the company as a whole, we stated our goal, an adjusted EBITDA of 10%, we stand by it. And saying that, obviously, the gas margins are depressed. But you can see the guide from where we ended the year at 5.4%, ended the guide at 6%. That’s on less risk what we consider more sustainable margins going in. That being said, we’ve talked about mid to upper single digits and the base in the gas side and I still believe those are achievable. The large projects, as we – we’re talking about, we need – we’ve also taken a prudent approach in our guidance. We have to work through contingencies on the larger projects as well as the base. We’re in seasonality of weather and such. And so we do take all this into account. You don’t hear us comment too much about, well, Atlantic Coast pushed or this pushed. We don’t make a lot of press releases on that. It’s because we work through these things and we work through our contingencies. So we do understand the risk of those types and we have taken those into account. As far as the large projects this year, we have $850 million in our guidance. We feel comfortable with that. And as we go forward, there are certainly opportunities. We’re bidding work everyday. We’re negotiating work. I expect us to fill in on the back-half with work. We’ll talk about it as we get it. But again, I think, what you see is the very strength of Quanta coming together on the gas side and continuing to increase the baseline margins of the business in the gas side and ultimately, trying to achieve that adjusted EBITDA across the Board of double digits.
Earl Austin: I think what we said is minimal revenue and operating income there in the Atlantic Coast Pipeline. I think it pushes into 2020, 2021, somewhere in there. Again, we think the project is good. It’s going to go. We will defer to Dominion on timing. But as far as 2019 stands, we have very minimal revenue in it.
Earl Austin: Yes. We’re extremely confident the $850 million either mobilized or have a high degree of likelihood of mobilizing or already on the jobs. So we’re very, very confident in the $850 million guidance, and it’s basically the same North American footprint.
Earl Austin: Yes, sure. I think we stated all the way back to 2016, when I assumed the role as CEO that the energy-related assets and things that we do related to oil were core to us and we would continue to look for ways to exit that in a systematic way that was – that would benefit our shareholders and I think we’ve done that. When we look at the assets and they are basically supporting some of the Gulf Coast operations, marine type stuff and we exited that this year. We also wrote a boat off earlier in the year, so that was some of it and this is kind of a culmination of some of that as we move forward. I believe it’s largely complete and we like our portfolio going forward and like where we stand.
Earl Austin: Yes. I think our projects, I would say, we’re not incurring cost on any of our delayed projects, it would be cost-neutral at a minimum. So we feel like we have done a nice job of protecting ourselves against permanent risk. It’s a collaborative effort with their owners. We want to make sure that we’re both collaborative with them. We understand the risk and we’re certainly in a – discussions with them on a daily basis about those risks. So in general, we work together on trying to get things built.
Earl Austin: Yes, we do quite a bit of work in the Texas areas. And so we continue to look at that segment, look at the base business in the segment. I think, we’re growing underneath nicely. I think when you look at us in the Permian Basin, you saw us make an investment in the Permian Basin this quarter. So it gives us some more looks at different workout there. We’ll continue to look at that. There’s some electrification that goes on. We do have quite a bit of nonunion midstream type work down in the areas. We like the business. We’re certainly opportunistic as it comes across.
Earl Austin: Yes. I think in general, when we look at that communications segment and the business underneath, it’s not in the segment, it’s on the electric segment. But in general, we see lots of opportunity out there. I want to make sure that we can get to the field and get our operating margins where they need to be. I think with all the businesses that we’re looking at, the macro markets are good. We can certainly drive the top line. We’re highly concentrated on driving the margins and the risk. So we’re looking at the margins and the risks as well as the top line. But the macro market in telecom business is good. We continue to add customers and customer base. To the extent, there were sizable awards or whichever, a lot of those things are multi-year. And so we wouldn’t look at that being a large contribution necessarily to the 2019 relative to our current guidance.
Earl Austin: Typically, our contracts survive any kind of sale. And normally, they need us and we’ve worked on systems or with customers for a long period of time. We’ve not had any issues over time with assets being sold and our contracts not moving with them, typically that happens.
Earl Austin: Yes. I think we see growth across the board and the gas side. I think those larger projects that we talked about in LNGs, they’re certainly out there. We’re looking at them. But the base of it is right around the utility space and the LDC business, the industrial business, critical path solutions around those things that are allowing us to grow underneath on the LNG exports and things of that nature. So that’s where the growth is that we’re seeing. Obviously, when you put large, large projects on top of that, it looks real nice and we can do great things with it. But in general, what we’re concentrated on is growing that base business in that segment.
Earl Austin: Yes, I’ll let Derrick comment some. But just in general, the company has taken a position that we want to be able – we want to be flexible enough that we can lean into an acquisition, lean into our stock, our dividend or whatever it may be. So we want to make sure that we’re flexible with our balance sheet. And the opportunities here in front of us, we’ll certainly look at those. You’ve seen us big quite aggressive in our stock buyback, which I think is paying dividends for us now. But I’ll let Derrick comment on the rest of them.
Earl Austin: Yes, I want to thank the men and women in the field. They’re performing at an extremely high level and I want to thank them. I’d also like to thank you for participating in our fourth quarter and our full-year 2018 conference call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you, and we look forward to 2019. This concludes our call.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, broadly, I mean, when you look through the communications dilution into 2019, I think it’s important to recognize that we so look at the Electric Power segment to have the ability to operate at a double-digit margin. That’s our target margin percentage. At the midpoint of the guidance right now, the electric power as a standalone is operating at double-digit margins, which considering the contribution that we’ve had from the large project here in 2018 that contributed being able to get to that performance. We’re still pleased with where that margin performance is overall coming out. We think long-term, that’s the target margin. Communications providing a little bit of headwind against that in – from a segment perspective. But to that end, we still think that can ultimately operated at around a 6% margin performance with a growing level of margin contributions through the year exiting, as we’ve said before, kind of in the double-digit margin profile as well. So, we’re – we feel like that the strength of the segment is still operating there. It’s important to think that – back on the large projects side, I mean, a large project component of electric power is ultimately the smallest contribution in a decade. And so to the extent that we’re able to operate at a double-digit profile of electric power. That’s that base business contribution and showing that the portfolio is still ultimately able to execute.
Derrick Jensen: I would just say in general – I’ll let Derrick comment. But in general, with the growth that’s underneath of the base upper single digits on, call it, $9 billion, it’s quite a bit of growth underneath. And that’s – and if you look at us, we self-perform about 85% to 90% of our business. So in saying that, we derisk our business from a labor standpoint and I hear quite a bit from peers and such that they have labor issues. I don’t think we have that. I think when you look at us, we execute quite nicely in our base business. So – and I’ll turn the rest to Derrick.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. And on the base business side, I mean, to the extent that we see those levels of growth. I mean, one of things that we’ve always said is the high levels of growth will require a level of working capital commitment. So that base business is still you’re consuming that. And then the other thing unique to 2019 is that, as we commented, we do have some pre-petition receivables that are out there that we did not forecast to be turning to cash. In 2019, we think that’s conservative position, so that also weighs on the conversion rate unique to the year.
Derrick Jensen: And that’s actually, I’ll try to clarify. You’ve referenced it to the low-end, and that assumption that Duke made is applicable to low, medium and high-end of our guidance for oil and gas.
Derrick Jensen: I mean, I think, Duke hit it. I mean, our capital allocation priorities remain the same. We’ll be very focused on ensuring we can lean into any of the working capital requirements associated with the business. It’s always the number one priority we have. There are opportunities there. We’ll ensure we’re well positioned to lean into that acquisitions and investments. You see the investment as an example here in the press release today within Agua Blanca. Those type of things are things we’re always mindful of, and we will ensure we have a balance sheet in a good position to be able to lean into. And then just to lay out lastly, I mean, obviously, from a capital allocation, we’ve leaned into shareholder value with the stock repurchases and dividends quite heavily. And so that will continue to be part of our equation. We don’t forecast that into 2019 or forward, because we look at that as being born opportunistic, but largely against the other allocation areas that we have. We think the working capital, M&A and investments are long-term value creation, and we’ll continue to do that. Lastly, with the overall parameters of ensuring, we maintain a very strong and conservatively placed balance sheet.
