James O'Neil: This is Jim. In regard to the CREZ awards, we do expect the remaining CREZ utilities to make announcements of their construction partner in the coming weeks, and we have baked our expectations for those awards on what we would win into our guidance for the year. In regards to Pipeline, the 2 projects that we had the losses on, they are fully contained. The one that was in the Dakota area, that's been finished. The cleanup has been finished and settled and everything is done other than the change orders that we're pursuing and as well as the project in Canada. That project is completed other than the change orders that we're pursuing there as well.
James O'Neil: Will, on the permitting question, I believe -- and this could change obviously, but from what we're hearing from our customers, the only projects that are having permitting delays are the ones that we mentioned. The other projects are moving forward on schedule. And then, industry capacity is already tight, and it's going to get even tighter, obviously, as we enter into the second half of the year. I mean we're going to be on a minimum of 10 major transmission projects at the end of the year just ourselves. So the industry, as I would say, is near capacity right now on transmission projects as the industry construction resources mobilize on our projects throughout the country and in Canada, and it's going to be very, very tight, which is good for us. We like that. We feel like we have the resources required to pursue not only the opportunities, the many opportunities we have in hand, but to pursue future opportunities that we expect to be awarded between now and the end of the year and into next year.
James O'Neil: Well, we have more visibility probably in Telecom than any of the other segments because we were involved in helping our customers pursue stimulus money, and we've engineered many of these projects. So we've got good visibility in the Telecom. We think that we've seen maybe half of the opportunities right now. Before -- between now and the end of the year, we should expect more awards that are meaningful. But what we have baked into our forecast right now and the significant growth is what we know we have in hand today. And the acceleration of that we will see in constructing those projects in the second half of this year. But there will be more to add to backlog as we move through the year.
James O'Neil: Yes. Peter, we need to be careful on any future awards. Our customers are very sensitive to that. We're shortlisted on both of the BC Hydro projects, both the Northwest Transmission and the ILM line, and we should hear about announcements here over the next month or maybe a little bit longer. In regards to our CapX2020, there's very little revenue baked in this year, probably $20 million to $30 million for the line that we're expected to start this year. Most of that revenue will be captured in outside of -- in '12 and beyond. As far as Lone Star, Lone Star is going to start in July. It has a completion date of 2012, so a significant part of that revenue can be generated this year. We've been asked not to disclose that amount, that contract amount, by our customer, but it's certainly a nice-sized project that warrants an announcement, it's over $100 million for sure, for certain.
James O'Neil: I'm being commended to remain disciplined on pricing. The bidding environment is no different than it has been in past years -- you're going to have those contractors that would go take the work cheaper than what we would pursue. So we're actually very excited about the Pipeline outlook. We just feel that we needed to take our projections back for this year since we are in May, but those opportunities still exist. We think that the Pipeline construction capacity is going to tighten significantly going into '12 and that'll be very good for pricing as we move into next year.
James O'Neil: Well, I think typically, in a typical year you do have seasonality in gas and you would expect that backlog. You wouldn't have much backlog for the remainder of any year. But '12 is going to be such a robust year that we should build 12-month backlog as we go through this year for 2012 work. As far as Keystone and its implications to us, I think the point we were trying to make is that if Keystone goes, that the industry capacity is going to be tightened significantly, because that project alone will take up half the construction capacity, which will be good for pricing in the industry. We have been shortlisted on that job, but as far as the meaningfulness of that job to us, we're looking at $1.8 billion worth of projects outside of that Keystone project. So I think we're pretty [Audio Gap] [Technical Difficulties]
James O'Neil: Yes, I think some more color on the Gas segment losses. I think the 2 jobs accounted for approximately $26 million. We had some reorganization charges that cost $2 million. We have the start-up cost on the Puget Sound gas contract of $2 million. And then the rest is just under allocated equipment in our Gas Transmission segment because we just don't have the work going on that we expected for the year and for the quarter. So I think that's really a summary. That's what contributed to the loss for the quarter.
James O'Neil: I don't think we're building any acceleration in on any particular project, Jeff. I think it's that we're starting more projects. Right now, we've just recently -- the first quarter, we had one project that was in full construction. Now we have 2 in full construction. And we're going to ramp up to where we have 10 in full construction by the end of the year, at least 10. So I think it's more a function of that we're starting to mobilize on contract awards into the construction phase. We'll have significantly more activity in the second half of the year compared to the first half of the year or even last year at this time.
James O'Neil: Yes. Projection is that they will be profitable in Q2, yes. We have more than just pipeline transmission in our Gas segment. We're doing a lot of pipeline rehabilitation work and other MSA work, the Puget Sound contract. So that segment, we do expect it to be profitable in the second quarter.
James O'Neil: And that's one of the reasons that we got a fairly wide range that we've given you guys for both revenues and earnings for the rest of the year. It's because of the timing and probability of awards of some of those CREZ projects. To answer your Telecom question, Alex, we got great visibility into our Telecom forecast. The thing is it's a lot of $5 million, $7 million, $10 million projects, so it's hard to quantify without stating what the announcements are because it's just a whole bunch of small projects, but we do have good visibility into that work.
James O'Neil: Yes, I think -- well, that could be a huge opportunity for not only our company but the industry. I mean, it's pipeline and our customers are going to have to go through the more stringent inspection requirements that are going to require both our inspection services as well as our rehabilitation services. So it's a big opportunity going forward.
John Colson: This is John. About the Pipeline business, it's a very good business. I think we've been -- we have some reasons to think that we should improve our forecasting ability on that business. We know there's volatility in this business. We are trying to improve our forecasting and trying also to take some of the volatility of that business by taking on more maintenance work cathodic protection, more recurring revenues in that portion of the business to take some of that project volatility out. I believe just off the top of my head, that we've owned the company about 6 quarters and during those 6 quarters, they'd brought in about $160 million of EBITD, and we paid about $350 million for them. So even in the very difficult times, it's been a very good acquisition. But those 2 projects, by the way, if we get a reasonable amount of the change orders that we've asked for, one of those projects will break even and one will actually make some money. So they're not terrible projects, but they were certainly underestimated by us in what they were going to do for the quarter.
John Colson: I think that there's always potential for delays in any of these projects. However, whenever you're crossing BLM forest service lands or government lands of any nature, the opportunity for more delays is higher than when you're crossing normal lands. You do have the factor of NIMBY, not in my backyard, that you have to face with CapX2020, and I'm sure there will be some delays in some projects, but the odds increase tremendously when you're crossing federal lands or state lands or government lands as well.
John Colson: We, through these past several years, have had strong cash flow. And we anticipate going forward, we will as well. And looking at things, our acquisition pipeline is robust, and our need for working capital is robust. But having taken that into consideration, we still think there's enough cash to do a stock buyback at this time.
John Colson: Certainly. When I talk about the $60 million, we've already reduced the number of somewhat for expectations of our winning those change order discussions. We do not like to sue our customers. But of course, court is always an option in the end if we can't come to satisfactory negotiation. I wouldn't want to disclose the amounts or the customers' names on any of those change orders as we're in negotiations. And obviously, they're very sensitive. Many of these are related from delays that weren't their fault. They certainly weren't our fault. But they're trying to enhance their shareholder value as we are trying to enhance ours. And most of these discussions are not adversarial. They're a matter of who's going to accept the responsibility for these delays and these problems that are -- were unanticipated, of course, by our customer. But they were also unanticipated by us. Some of them related to delays for permitting. Some of them were new interpretations of old rules by current government officials, more stringent rules. And so they're friendly discussions generally, and not very adversarial, and we've already discounted them. When we say $60 million, it's -- obviously, there's more than that in discussions. So we've already discounted them somewhat. But it's impossible to predict how much of that $60 million we will get as negotiations go on, and the timing of it is difficult because some of these projects are continuing to be delayed and we'll have additional cost overruns to look at.
John Colson: It's really not the customers, Jeff. It relates to government approvals. The projects that are inside a state are typically not being delayed. It's projects that go across state boundaries and projects that cross federal lands are the ones that have difficulty. And it's a new interpretation of the role of the Federal Government in monitoring and in environmental studies and those kinds of things that are causing the delays for our customers.
John Colson: And really, we wouldn't anticipate an acceleration of those projects until those projects start and we find out exactly when they do start. I think we will see some acceleration on those projects, but we haven't built that in. As Jim says, most of the higher revenues are due to more projects starting. I do expect that some of our customers are going to have to accelerate. Some of them have already committed to completion dates and some of them have started construction on other portions of the project. So I expect there will be acceleration, but we're not building that in to our guidance at this time.
John Colson: We also had quite a nice project going on in Alaska last first quarter that's different than this first quarter.
John Colson: I think that we don't necessarily have CREZ. What we have in our projections is where our revenues are higher than our committed backlog. And so projects that we put in there are not identified specifically as a CREZ project or a BC Hydro project or an AEP project. We know we'll get some of those projects or a pipeline project or a Telecom project. We'll know we'll get some of the projects we're bidding. Based on the volume, we adjust our expectations. And if we have higher success, obviously, we'll have more revenues. Lower success, we'll have lower revenues. But there's a number of CREZ projects. We expect to get our share of those projects, and part of that is what we call in forecasting as uncommitted work.
John Colson: We expect that the margins in all of these businesses can and should be in the double-digit level when there is sufficient volume in that business and they're not in a depressed or recessionary time. But when our customer spending is normal or better than normal, they should be operating income in the double-digit level in all 3 segments -- 4 segments.
John Colson: No, there are significant differences today between Transmission and Distribution. Distribution, quite a bit lower margin because there's just not enough volume there to support the higher margins. A lot of that work is inherently lower margin because it's maintenance work that's done on a cost-plus basis. So there's lower risk, therefore, lower margins in any case. Where the transmission work typically is some type of fixed price and therefore, incurs higher margins because it's higher risk. And of course, you have to harvest those margins, as we all know.
John Colson: That's fair, but also don't forget Telecom is coming on very strong as well. And of course, the Pipeline business has opportunities, as we've reiterated that time and again. But we're, certainly, more bullish on the Electric Power margins and Telecom margins. But the Pipeline segment has the opportunity [inaudible].
John Colson: That's a lot of questions. Let's try to break them down just a little bit. Most of the projects -- I think, Jim said that there were some $800 million worth of projects that we have bid, that we are either shortlisted on or we're negotiating that would start in 2011. That's a multitude of projects. I don't think we have the time today to talk about, and I don't have the information in front of me of where those projects exactly are, but you can bet that a lot of them are in the Marcellus and in the Eagle Ford shales. Those formations require fairly large pipe -- but particularly, the Marcellus is very difficult terrain, and is very much our sweet spot because they are very difficult projects and very difficult terrain.
John Colson: I think that when there are delays that puts you in more difficult weather patterns, it's subject to delay. If the projects were not delayed, obviously, you take the weather risk in your project bid.
John Colson: Yes. The Canadian project had to be done in the winter time, but the real issue there is that the weather was cold and so we built ice bridges. And then it warmed up unseasonably and forced out our ice bridges, and then we had to go back after it got cold again and put the ice bridges back in. That was a major part of that Canadian project. We knew it was going to be a winter time project. Obviously, you know it's going to be cold. But when it warmed up, that's unusual for Canada, and then of course the snow. And if we'd have done it the same time the year before, we wouldn't have had those issues. The other project was pushed from late summer and fall weather into winter weather completion. Snow impacted it.
John Colson: Just again, I'd like to thank you for your participation in our first quarter conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you very much.
James Haddox: Yes, we've still got opportunities for acquisitions and for increased needs for working capital based on what we're seeing in pending or potential contracts awards. So we still have use for our capital, both on the acquisition side for funding working capital and potentially for doing some interim financing or project financing in the future.
James Haddox: Yes. This is James. It does present some potential upside. The change orders that we're pursuing, the timing of that, we expect that we will get those resolved sometime during the next 3 to 6 months, maybe sooner rather than later. But it's hard to give you the magnitude of what might turn into profits, because some of these would be recognized over -- under percentage completion accounting would be recognized under the remaining portion of the contract once it's settled. Some of them, change orders that we're pursuing on contracts that have already gotten completed would flow through our income statement as the change orders are approved. I think that in the last 9 months of this year's, kind of spread out across the quarters, we've got somewhere between $8 million to $10 million of estimated change orders that should affect our P&L. And that number could go up, but it's hard to predict it because it's subject to negotiation of the change orders and determination of which contracts they apply to and whether it should be accounted for under PLC accounting.
James Haddox: Well, technically, the program starts after our blackout period closes, which is 2 days after we announce our earnings. So that makes May the start date for the program. And then, we're subject to -- Yes, May 9. And then, we're subject to normal insider trading restrictions as a company just like we are officers of the company. So anytime that we have information that's not -- material nonpublic information, the company can't go into the program. But the program starts on Monday, May 9, under our current policy.
James Haddox: I think that what you see, Alex, is timing. I can think of one thing off the top of my head that could affect it, and that's timing of some of the change orders that we're talking about. Because when we came into last year, I think we probably had some change orders rolling forward that we were negotiating, which would've had an effect, a positive effect on profits in the first quarter of last year, coming out of the cleanup of several jobs and determining the magnitude of the change orders, which couldn't be booked at year end because we were in the same position at year end last year that we're in at the end of the first quarter of this year.
James Haddox: Yes, that's about right. Depending on which side of the range you use, I think the number, the implied number if you're on the low end is about 8.9% or something like that and the implied margin on the high-end is about 10%.
James Haddox: A third of the opportunities are related to Canadian oil sands and those opportunities in that $800 million could start this year as well. We're looking at starts anywhere from June to July to some fourth quarter starts in the Pipeline business in that $800 million. Probably, half of those projects would complete this year, and half of them will start in the fourth quarter and go into next year. I think when you talk about MSAs, we do have MSA work in the Gas segment. Probably, I would guess $200 million to $300 million of the work that we have is the MSA work. We have work in Canada and Alaska that's year-round MSA work, as well as work through our pipeline integrity group that we're doing as well. So I think that pretty much answers the questions that you asked, Bill.
