Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah, Noelle. I think when we looked at what we see out in the marketplace, this year we see some push of the big pipe into 2019 on some of the larger projects. We backfilled really nicely with Canada. So we're starting to see more prolific market in our Canadian markets on the takeaway capacity. So we are seeing some strength there as we move into 2019 and even some into 2020. But I think we've always had that commentary. I don't think we've changed our commentary at all on our outlook on that. It is a cyclical business when you see big pipe. But we do have some markets, it's an LNG takeaway. The Permian Basin looks really nice. So, when we look at it, we see some long-term opportunities out there on big pipe takeaway. As far as the underlying business, it continues. It's probably 70% of the base business in gas is recurring revenue-type business. We've built a nice business in our industrial base. Our LDC markets are continuing to perform well. We're extremely excited about the underlying business. Again, we talked a lot about big pipe, but the underlying business is extremely strong going into 2019 and beyond. It's a long-term market.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. Noelle, I think if you look over quarter-over-quarter, we added 4,000 employees from 37,000 to 41,000 quarter-over-quarter. So we're able to deploy labor in the field and still remain productive. I think that's where us – with the investment in the college, with the investment in training, separates us from many others. We're not having the labor issues in the field. Even on the problem projects we talked about, it's not a field labor issue. And so we're really productive in the field. We've worked on it and believe we're world-class on craft-skilled labor and we'll continue to train people and make sure that when they hit the field, they're productive day one. As far as retaining people in the market, we've done very well. We have world-class operators across our regions, countries. So we're excited about it and we continue to believe that will be a differentiator as we move forward.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: I would say, in general, we see 2019 as early. We've talked about opportunities that are out there. We've talked about the base business being 80% of our revenue. We have good visibility into that, I agree. The larger projects, we know we have $1 billion going into the first half of large pipe, so it's very positive there. We have the opportunity to do very well. It's early. We need to see what we can do on backfilling the second half with large projects as well as watch our execution through the first three, four months of the year. So we'll continue to have a prudent nature in how we guide.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: We've talked a lot about the Electric margins being around 10%. You get some 9.5%, you get some 11.5%, you get some 10%. In general, the business over time will operate in double-digits. We've said it many, many times. I'll say it today. I think we had a great quarter. We executed on a broad base from large projects to a little bit of storm work to our base business, we're doing very well. And I'm really proud of the guys and the way we're operating in the field. From a safety standpoint to productivity, we're doing very, very well. So, I think, in general, we have some nice projects. We had a nice project in Canada. We continue to operate well in our base business, so I think for the sustainable future, we can operate in double-digits in E&P – I mean, yeah, Electric division.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: It's a capital plan that PacifiCorp has, so it's one segment of many. I don't know how they're choosing to go forward with the rest of the segments but it's a nice project. Long-time customer, MidAmerican, they're Berkshire Hathaway company. So we're excited about it. It's – it'll help our West Coast operations. It's a larger project, we're excited.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: No. I think we get fixated on those larger projects but what we're not seeing and what we're trying to communicate is the underlying smaller transmission. When I say smaller, the $200 million to $300 million projects that are out there. As we see it, as we move forward, the base business, the CapEx, OpEx of our utility customers, there's a multitude on both coastlines across the Midwest and even into Canada. We talked about the East-West Tie that we've announced the $600 million. There's multitude of $200 million, $300 million projects that are supporting that. The base is below that but even above – in between the base business and the $1 billion projects, there's many, many projects that we have opportunity to be successful on in the future. We talked about a $3 billion kind of what we see right now in house of what we're looking at, so there's plenty of projects.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah, Jamie, I think in general when you look at the guide into the fourth quarter, it's seasonality in that, we'll be prudent about how we guide. We need to execute through the winter there and we'll always take caution to the winter months especially in the lower-48. Our Canadian spreads are going, we need it to freeze a bit here or there. So, lots – some weather risk in there that we always take into account and are continuing to see in our guides. So, that's the fourth quarter. As far as visibility in the big diameter pipe, we do have some of that in backlog going into 2019. We're comfortable with that. Our underlying business, both the Stronghold acquisition, which we said $500 million to $600 million, will be in the upper end of that range, the growth in that segment, the growth in the LDC segment, I believe will continue to underpin that whole margin trend and we're taking actions on the gas division to enhance margins into 2019.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yes. Sure. On the telecommunications business, we grew it organically for the most part. You've seen us make some small acquisitions. I think those are extremely incremental, it will expedite how we move to the field. We're getting through engineering. Many of our projects are in the field started now. We did get a later start and we've been smart about just how we get to the field to make sure we're incrementally profitable. Its slowed growth a bit, but I think it was the right thing to do for us was to make sure that we're executing well for our customers. We picked up a number of customers within the quarter, we have 10, 12 customers now that we're working for. Our Electric customers are also deploying some telecom. So it's a vibrant good robust bidding environment. We're getting to the field. We stated around $500 million into next year. We did that prudently and smartly. Every one of those guys we're training, get them in the field. So I think when we look at it, we said $500 million, there's upside to that, but that's the number we feel good with as we sit today. We've got to get to the field. We've got to get the guys to the field, but the market is robust and I think we'll do very well next year.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. Our midstream business in the Permian, we see a lot of activity up there. There's bids on both the union, non-union side coming out there. Also the electrification of the area is something that we're taking part in with our customers in that part of the world. It's a very, very vibrant area. When we look at the Montney Shale up in Canada, same thing. There's a lot of things going on in Canada as well. So we're seeing some shale basins that are starting to come back a bit. I think a lot of it has to do with takeaway. If we can get takeaway capacity out of those areas, you'll see the midstream business come back in the shale. So we are seeing activity even in the Bakken for that matter across the board on midstream.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah, I think in general when we look at it, I'm not sure that we're giving guidance on what's in large diameter backlog in the second half. But in general, I would say we have a good mix in the second half of the fourth quarter. It'll continue to grow. We have a lot of opportunities to do so in the back half of next year. We're starting off, like we said, with $1 billion. So, again, I think when you look at it and you look at the opportunities we see with good customers going into the second half, have the opportunity to do as much as we did this year in 2019 or more.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: No. I think, in general, we're executing on the same projects we have for a very, very long time. It's the company's – we did $3 billion or close to $3 billion in the quarter, thousands of jobs. We talked about these. One is a lost job due to some liquidated damages things, it's a front-end issue. We're working with our client. We're not going to say a whole lot about it, but in general we're working with the client there to resolve that issue. The other project was in horizontal directional drill that we're working with a client, collaborating very well for an insurance claim. Due to where we're sitting in the quarter, we made some prudent decisions on talking about it as well as adjusting for those challenges.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. Let me just comment on the company. We have a portfolio that we're building, that we've built, that it's a really nice portfolio across a broad base of service lines and geographies. And so, when you look at the business, it's nothing that we haven't been saying for a couple years of the – the CapEx and OpEx of these utility customers that we have, which is basically 60% of our business, is growing, it's growing yearly and we can see it longer. And so, yes, there are some bigger projects in that, but the underlying business is there and strengthening as we go forward. So we're incrementally positive. Our customers are incrementally positive. We're giving guidance that says that. So, as we follow that and we follow our industrial business as well, we just continue to strengthen.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: I'll comment a little bit and I'll let Derrick finish up. But, in general, I think what you're seeing is the strength of Canada coming in the back half. We talked about the awards of Line 3 and North Montney last quarter. We're seeing that come in into our fourth quarter this year as a comp. Stronghold is doing very well. We continue to grow that business, double-digits plus. We couldn't be prouder of that acquisition and what it's done for the segment. Our LDC business is strong as well. But I think the majority of the Oil and Gas growth in the fourth quarter has to do with North Montney and Line 3 coming in on Canada. But I'll let Derrick comment.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. I think when we look at it, it's broad-based. We see it across the board really in our markets. There's opportunities for us in all markets for that matter. Also when we look at our tanks, we really like our tank business. It's starting to grow quite nicely. Others are having issues there and we really like your ability to grow our tank business on the midstream side with some synergies there with Stronghold. So it's broad-based.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Sure. Our LATAM operations, we had some slowdowns in some areas due to weather and this and that. So we've taken a real prudent approach in our LATAM markets to make sure that, obviously, we have a robust lower-48 North America market and we're really tempering our growth there. So, in general, that's part of that just slowdown really from a weather standpoint and us pulling back some there. In general, when we look in the lower-48 in North America, we're supporting fiber deployment for 5G deployment as well as just backhaul data centers. It's really fiber bandwidth across the board, primarily wireline.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. I want to thank our employees in the field for the work they're doing. The storms as well long hours hard work and the people that were affected with it, we send our regards. And hopefully we'll get the lights on. I believe we have them all on at this point. So in general I want to thank our people for doing that and working safely. Also I thank all of you for participating in our third quarter 2018 conference call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah. I mean, we don't make project-specific type commentaries. What I'll tell you is, is that from our original guidance we had a level of push to that work. But as it went from some of that work into the third quarter to fourth quarter. But from the margin perspective, in the third quarter, a lot of that was ultimately replaced with strong base business contributions. We saw base business, we saw industrial contributions as part that contributed nicely. And then as well as that, overall, broadly, we executed well, despite a few of the items that we've spoken about with those two problem jobs. As has already been discussed on the call here, absent the $20 million shortfall associated with the one project, that we actually executed quite well. But a lot of that comes from a broad execution in the base business, irrespective of any of the deferral.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah. For the directional drill project itself, yes. I mean, we've gone through and we've done an assessment. I mean effectively we have now, at this stage, recorded no profit on the project and we've only recorded the insurance receivable up to the amount of the cost of the project, basically booking at break-even. When you're into an insurance situation, you generally are looking at it more from the standpoint of what you can look at on a cost basis rather than a profit basis. But as we stand here today, we feel very comfortable in our conclusion that, at this stage, the amounts that are associated with that cost are probable of recovery. The upside that comes in the future is, is still yet we'll be claiming working with our customer a larger portion of the overall impact, which would include some level of profits, but that would be something we'll be looking at recovering in the future dates.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah. It's not uncommon for cash flow overall to this point in time to be break-even and even potentially negative free cash flow. And typically, from a seasonal perspective, you see a little bit lower revenues in the fourth quarter, the fourth quarter being a stronger free cash flow, often times making up as much as the entire free cash flow for the year. As we stand here today, we're seeing less seasonal effects such that, from a fourth quarter perspective, it's possible that we'll still have free cash flow of, let's call it, $100 million to $150 million range. But there are a lot of dynamics that are there pushing that around based upon the strength that we're seeing in the fourth quarter. But I definitely would be modeling down a bit and then be looking for something that's maybe more along the lines on the annual free cash flow of $100 million, maybe up to $150 million for the year.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah. I have little to add. I mean, everything Duke said is correct. The only incremental piece would be is that we had little large diameter pipe activity in last year's fourth quarter. So, broadly, majority of it is expansion of large diameter pipe contributions as compared to last year. And then as exactly you said, Stronghold has a very nice over double-digit growth considering the headwinds in the work last year.
