James F. O'Neil: No, that $550 million -- well, we actually didn't announce -- the $550 million is in the $700 million. And that came in the second -- that's right, and that announcement on that pipeline backlog was on our second quarter call in August. So that is inclusive of the $700 million.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think we were only onto 2 to 3 spreads of mainline pipe at any given time in '13, so we've got the ability to flex up to 9 to 12. So we've got plenty of capacity both to pursue gathering work and mainline pipe. We're well-positioned for the ramp up. We do expect that the mainline pipe market will accelerate as we move into '14, certainly in the second half of '14 and into '15, with or without Keystone.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I would say that the Energized Services today while a very important and strategic part of our business, is not material to the overall transmission revenue opportunities that we see in '14 and '15. That's going to be primarily new construction of lines which don't require our Energized Services capabilities, and that market is going to be very active, we believe, as we go through '14 and into '15, throughout '15 as well.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, we're well-prepared for any uptick in mainline pipe. And our field leadership, our superintendents and foremen are exchangeable. They can do the work on gathering oil and mainline pipes. So we're well-positioned for any increase in activity in mainline for the next 2 years.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think when you look at our backlog and margins in backlog, that's the best indicator of margins going forward. And our margins in backlog are comparable or better than what we're experiencing today on a consolidated basis, in both electric and natural gas in our Oil and Gas segment. Our margins should be improving as we ramp up activity...
James F. O'Neil: Well, the acquisitions that we made in Canada here recently just help support the overall uptick in opportunities that we have in Canada. It helps build our geographical presence in Canada. Canada has some significant opportunities, but so does the U.S. So -- and I don't want to get lost at Canada. Canada's where all the growth is. I mean, we have significant opportunities and are executing on large opportunities in the U.S. today. But we think that Canada and U.S. both grow as a percentage equally over time. Right now, we're probably seeing a little bit more increase in Canada, but we'll certainly see some U.S. opportunities in the future as well.
James F. O'Neil: Jamie, to answer your strategic rationale for moving into lit services, I mean, we have one of the more unique networks, particularly in the New Jersey-Pennsylvania area, and we have opportunities to expand to existing customers who desire to move into lit services. It's really no different than our Electric Power and Oil and Gas business where we try to advance our solutions with customers. There's been a big consolidation of fiber companies, as many of you are aware. Many of those are going, standardizing their services. You've got many customers that want customized services, especially those that have private networks, so that provides a big opportunity for us to get into this market in a big way. And the main thing, too, is that it's allowing us to leverage an asset, our dark fiber assets, to better utilize that asset to bring better returns to our shareholders over the long term. So that's the strategic rationale for moving into lit service.
James F. O'Neil: Well, like we've said in the past, the bidding season has really changed over the last 3 years, where, because of the level of activity that our customers expect over the next 3 or 4 years, many want to sit down in advance and talk about their capital programs. Not only as the industry, construction industry resources becoming tight, the programs are becoming bigger. Customer programs are becoming larger and it requires a different type of dialogue. So there's more negotiations, more discussions with customers. So that gives us the visibility Derrick talks about, and that's why we believe that '15, the end of '14 and '15, we'll see a ramp in mainline. And not necessarily a bid season, it's just an ongoing process year-round that we're going through with our customers.
James F. O'Neil: I would say that our small transmission, which we define as projects individually less than $100 million, the pace of that activity, even with our recent awards on large projects, is very similar. It keeps pace. And I do want to remind everybody that in our total electric segment, probably small transmission is the biggest contributor to that segment. So it's a very important part of our business and it continues to ramp up as well.
James F. O'Neil: No, it's the normal process. I mean, projects are becoming longer, they're -- in miles and in size. So the permitting process is consistent, but it just takes longer because of the sheer size of these projects. I also want to add on my earlier comment that Canada does provide some aspect of counter-cyclicality to that seasonality, which is why -- one of the reasons why our first quarter margins can tend to be higher than what they've been historically if we can execute because a lot -- there's a lot of pipeline activity in the northern climb. So you do have some aspect of that U.S. seasonality and pipeline that's offset by some our Canadian activity on pipeline as well.
James F. O'Neil: All we can tell you, I mean we are probably closer to most of the -- most of our utility customers throughout -- most of the utilities throughout North America, and that we see a continued ramp in activity. Now you're going to have some quarters where you don't get awards, you're going to have that quarter-over-quarter cyclicality in announcements. But overall, we see a continued acceleration of electric transmission for 2015. We don't see the cyclicality that a lot of you guys see in some of these industry publications and so forth. And so that's the best way to describe it.
James F. O'Neil: Well, there's several questions in there. I mean, I'll tell you that we don't report Price Gregory's profitability separate. We report the segment's profitability, which has other services in there; gas distribution is one and gathering work. So the segment revenues in the 9% to 12% range, target range, certainly could have contributions from Price Gregory that are comparable to what they did in the later -- the previous to us acquiring it. We're also mitigating some of the risk through contract terms, and sometimes, you'll take -- you got to weigh taking 100 basis points less to mitigate a lot of risk, which you guys have seen in the past, some the project execution and risk that we've taken in the past, and we've done a great job mitigating that over the last several years and to profitability. We've been very -- we've been consistently profitable in that segment for the last 2 years. The other questions about the amount of spreads and our ability to execute, we've got plenty of capacity. We're not concerned about having capacity to capitalize on opportunities that come up through the end of this year and in '15 and beyond on mainline pipe.
James F. O'Neil: Well, let me address your Integrity question first because I think it's an umbrella over the Gulf and what we're seeing on land. I mean, Integrity continues to ramp that business as our customers comply with regulation to -- for pipeline safety. I'll tell you that it is a smaller portion of the segment, but its ability to grow as a percentage of its own base is probably greater than any other part of our business. That takes us to offshore. Integrity programs with the BSEE and SEMS regulations that are out to comply with pipeline safety, as well as platform safety. That is an area that we feel is a significant opportunity for us, and we position ourselves to take advantage of those opportunities. We're just providing an engineering program management technology solution to our pipeline identification, remediation of pipelines in the Gulf of Mexico. Derrick, you can...
James F. O'Neil: Electric distribution has grown at double-digit revenue rates for the last 3 years, and we don't see that trend slowing down. Customers are focused on either storm hardening programs or they are modernizing the grid for demand response, smart grid, DG programs. So we continue to see the level of activity and distribution increase. And for the first time in many years, we're seeing housing starts become more material and could have a positive impact on our business story. It will have a positive impact on our distribution business this year if it continues to ramp as we expect.
James F. O'Neil: Noelle, this is Jim. I would say that yes, the one big difference, and Derrick mentioned, is we do have some aspect of uncommitted mainline on the high end of our guidance. And I would just tell you that, that number, which I don't want to get into and quantify it, but that number will allow us the opportunity to achieve double-digit growth in this segment.
James F. O'Neil: Look, I'm not going to give any of the specific conversation with customers, Dan, but we've got to be competitive on our pricing. It's just that the bidding process has changed. These capital programs are becoming so large that it takes a higher degree of coordination and effort and planning. And so just the whole environment has changed from preparing to capitalize or to execute on these types of projects, and it leads to more negotiations or more discussions with our customers. And it's a different environment because of the scope of -- the size of projects and the amount of activity that's coming out from our customers. Those 2 things drive that change in communications, from going from a straight bidding process to a higher level of degree of discussion with our potential customer.
James F. O'Neil: And I do want to add that we're just -- we did provide an aspect of dim and lit services to the K-12 school districts which was our founding -- our first vertical that we entered into. So all we're doing is expanding that to other verticals, and that requires a degree of investment in people and equipment to do that. So it's nothing -- it's not new to us. It's not foreign to us. It's just an expansion of that service capability into broader areas of that business for us.
James F. O'Neil: No. I mean, we -- I mean, obviously, when we make an acquisition, it's to add to our capabilities to provide solutions to our customers. Did we do it as a defensive move? No. We did it because it -- we're advancing solutions for customers. But we see the same competitors in Canada as we do in the U.S. Every one of our public-traded competitors are trying to move into Canada, so the competitive landscape is no different in Canada.
James F. O'Neil: We'd like to thank all of you for participating in our fourth quarter and full year 2013 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services, and hope to see you next week in New York at our Investor Day. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Derrick A. Jensen: Will, this is Derrick. Also, I want to come back and address the -- relative to the 15%, I mean, there's an aspect of acquisitions in 2014, the full year effect of our '13 revenues, so not all of that is organic as far as the 15%.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, Alex, this is Derrick. Yes, relative to the fourth quarter, I mean, we have pretty decent weather allowing us to continue to execute. It's not uncommon for the fourth quarter for us to have a kind of a downtick in margins, so that's why you see a little bit of downtick. And I would continue to expect that fourth quarter dynamic next year. Relative to the first quarter, we definitely have weather effects more likely in pipe than in Electric Power. So I would expect that similar to the last few years, you'd have a lower margin profile in the first quarter. Having said that, I do expect that we'll still yet have a better margin performance within the Oil and Gas segment in the first quarter '14 than we saw in '13. I also want to go back to kind of the overall margins for Electric Power. When we consider margins for Electric Power in our guidance right now, we've kind of looked at more of a 10% to 12% range. We kind of raised the bottom end of -- from 9 -- from a 9% to 12% to kind of now a 10% to 12%. And I'd look for Electric Power right now to probably be somewhere in the midpoint of that as we think about for 2014.
Derrick A. Jensen: I do think that you'll see the opportunity for a little bit of a higher growth relative to the pipeline side versus Electric Power. What we've considered in our overall guidance is the upper end of the range considers the double-digit growth rate for either Electric Power and pipeline. But I think that the pipeline does have a component of opportunity for slightly higher growth rate than the Electric Power in total.
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. Relative to '14, I mean, or the approach to guidance in '14 versus '13, I think one of the differences in '14 right now, as we commented a second ago, we came into '13 and guided at 9% to 12% for Electric Power, and now, we're kind of leaning towards a 10% to 12% range based upon our ability to continue to execute within the last few years. And so kind of the midpoint of that would be around 11% versus last year. We -- I think we were guiding at a midpoint of 10.5%. And then -- but probably another component of that is the overall pipeline. Last year, we had limited visibility still. But as we go into 2014, we see greater visibility based upon the dialogues we've had over the last few years and we've been talking about that for the last 18 months or so. So with the greater amount of backlog and visibility in pipe, we continue to see the ability to have a higher margin profile in pipe approaching the high-end of our range, our 9% to 12% guidance. 9% at the high-end of our range right now. Relative to the fiber side of the business, I'll answer the last part and let Jim talk about the business side. From a CapEx perspective, we see fiber being about $50 million to $60 million, which is higher than what we've seen. That includes components of getting ready to approach the lit fiber side of the business. There's a reasonable amount of CapEx associated with just that implementation. As we look at '15 and '16, I think we'll actually see that start to trend back down into something maybe in the $40 million to $45 million range. And that maybe a little bit lower than what we've seen in the past in pure dark fiber because the lit fiber component is less capital intensive...
Derrick A. Jensen: The hedge, I'd say is that a lot of our backlog right now in the mainline side is in the front half of this year, which is where we have more of the weather effects. And so we think we need to get through and see how those weather effects come into play relative to what we'd expect in our ability to execute on mainline. And then at the same time, we have a degree of uncommitted in that mainline at the high-end of our range and we'll need to see how that fills through, and the timing of that relative to the overall year.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this Derrick. From an accretion standpoint, I mean, we strive to make all of our acquisitions accretive transactions depending upon the timing of how those deals close. As an example, the fourth quarter deals in the fourth quarter were actually slightly dilutive. But overall for 2014, I would say that they are a component of that and they're slightly accretive. All the acquisitions themselves have a margin profile that are comparable to our historical business, but there -- it's partially offset by the amortization that comes in and the transaction costs themselves. And then what was your second question? Oh, stock buyback. On the stock buyback, as it stands right now, the biggest driver of that for us, is what we see on the opportunistic acquisition and investment side of the equation, that where we see continued acquisitions and investments and the need for capital there, that will really drive the big portion of what we do from a stock perspective, a stock buyback perspective.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, I mean, basically, it comes back to us trying to put a little bit of prudency into our margin guidance. But basically, it's to address execution risk. As we think about the Electric Power, I'd say that we're in 10% to 12% operating margin and probably looking for something in the midpoint of that in our current guidance. And on the pipeline side, at the high-end, we think maybe a 9%. But other than that, it factors in the typical type of weather impacts and execution risk you have potentially there in the pipeline. So it's the combination of those things that are factored into our 2014 expectation right now.
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. I mean, we see Canada as continued opportunity. We think that Canada will have growth and solid growth, double-digit type opportunity growth. But we see the same type of thing happening in the U.S. So although Canada as a percentage, may grow a little bit more because it's a smaller level of revenue, the overall opportunities are somewhat comparable between the 2. And then from a margin perspective, we see Canada margins being comparable to our U.S. margins.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, and as far as the corporate and unallocated, I think the way I look at that is that it's going to fluctuate based upon the seasonality impact of revenues. But overall for '14, I'm going to say, in the 2.5% to 2.9% range, with a fluctuating [indiscernible] based upon that revenue fluctuation.
Derrick A. Jensen: Dan, it's Derrick. Actually, I mean, we continue to deal with this as far as the segment reporting that the reality is that the fiber business itself is growing and in fact has double-digit growth. And as we're going into the future, the high-end of our range can still -- considers double-digit growth opportunity in the fiber business. What's misleading is that you have the telecom component of our historical business that is still within there, and so as an example, our decline from last year is all associated with the change in telecom revenues and is offset by the growth that's actually there on the fiber side of the business. So we see -- the high-single digit and double-digit growth opportunities continuing for that group, but it will probably hedge a little bit here in '14 and '15 just because of the fact that we're shifting from the dark fiber to lit fiber model. They've historically performed quite well, historically been able to achieve the double-digit growth. We have no issues with beating our continued ability to achieve those type of growth on that side of the business.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, I mean, we continue to look at that segment as having a 9% to 12% margin profile and/or capability. So yes, I think that -- we would say it's preliminary to say that now, but we think the dynamics exists for us to be able to bring this segment into the 9% to 12% range.
