James F. O'Neil: Well, I'll take the first question. I mean, we -- strategically, we've been positioning ourselves to take advantage of these big pipe opportunities, while maintaining our process in the shale. So we think we're well-positioned to take advantage of some big pipe work, which we have been communicating with -- start coming out toward the end of this year and into '14. I'll just tell you that we're not planning on turning on any opportunities in the near future. Our approach is going to be very similar to electric transmission, where we went from being on 4 jobs to over 15 and 16 projects in the 2-year period. So we're going to -- we're planning with customers. Many of these jobs are out in '14 and '15. We have founded to gear up our resources to ensure that we can meet our customers’ expectations.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think we've been saying it for quite some time. You can throw the traditional bidding season at least in this current cycle out of the window because many of our customers are trying to plan resources in a tight market and projects are also getting bigger. So you got to have a little bit of preplanning. I kind of lay it out on curiosity on '14 and '15. I would tell you that one of those projects, one of the bigger project is a '14, '15 build, 2 of the projects of the '14 builds, and then you've got the 2 projects that were started in '10, that'll -- or excuse me, in '13 that'll go into '14. That'll take a break during the winter and we start construction in the spring.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, pipeline integrity continues to gain momentum. I would say it's -- again, probably one of the areas of our business that's growing faster than any of our other parts of our business but on a much smaller base and we expect continued momentum over the next several years.
James F. O'Neil: I think you look at it as a company that can provide all the services that Quanta provides today. Significant infrastructure, electric transmission, distribution, infrastructure, as well as pipeline infrastructure to serve both the LNG mining and coal seam gas infrastructure build out.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean we continue to see a very positive environment in the Marcellus, the Eagle Ford and the Bakken, and we continue to gain momentum in all of those shales as we move forward. So nothing's really changed.
James F. O'Neil: Jamie, these product suppliers, they've got -- they sell their products globally and they've got international competition. I mean, I think it's just a whole different landscape than what we're seeing. We do not see what these guys are seeing. Some of them saying that the markets going down, 10%, 20%, we're just not seeing that. And I mean, if you ask me to compare gas to electric, I mean, I think, we said, we believe it's likely we have growth in electric. I mean, obviously, gas -- the pipeline segment has a bigger opportunity to grow into next year because of all of the mainline pipe opportunities, but that doesn't mean electric's not going to grow as well. And we do not see the peaking or slowdown that others are seeing today. Now, we caveat that, that because of the environmental landscape we're in today of the regulatory landscape we're in today for that project awards and starts can get pushed. But overall, we're looking at just as many projects today that are out there to bid or to negotiate than we did last year at this time. So we're not seeing that slowdown.
James F. O'Neil: Jamie, there's some very big projects out there right now, bigger, bigger than what we've seen before, as well as a lot of smaller projects that are interconnecting a lot of the mainline backlog projects that we've been building over the last 2 years. So it's a good mix, but it's not that it's all small projects and more small projects. There are some big projects out there that are on the drawing board, that are going to be built over the next several years. And we feel very comfortable with our outlook that the business has the potential to grow, the transmission business has a potential to grow. Again, the only caveat is the regulatory constraints that our customers face, and have been facing for the last decade and more.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I mean, we've been pursuing shale work for the last 2 years, we're executing on our strategy. We believe that our folks were getting better execution. We actually -- we did have some good weather in the quarter. And again, our job is to get as efficient as we can, and the margins continually improve as we do that shale work. And so we're really pleased with the outcome for the quarter. And like we said in the script, like I said in the script, we expect margins to get better year-over-year.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, there's some great rate case challenges in certain areas of the country. But we still believe that's where our customers are going to get the higher returns even if the rate plays didn't play out the way they expected. Again, the main pieces of all of this is we have aging infrastructure, 2/3 of it was built post-world war II. And it's got to get upgraded. Much of it's approaching its useful life. And that's what we're seeing out there. We're seeing these major transmission lines that are being built, and they're still on the drawing board. Like I've said repeatedly, we're still in the early innings of this game. And it's going to continue forward. And I do not see any downturn in the transmission business as we stand here today, and when we do, we will communicate that to you.
James F. O'Neil: Well, first, I wouldn't assume that all the works are fixed price. And secondly, we were patient and we build projects with the margins that we expect for the risk that we're taking. And thirdly, we're working with many customers that we have longstanding relationships with that understand the value of building a project on time and on schedule, and certainly, the terms and conditions between this are mutually agreed upon and are acceptable to us. So I think the execution problems we've had in the past have been largely due to extreme weather conditions, and we believe that we've got the very best people and equipment in the industry and looking forward to contributing value to our shareholders going forward. And that's about all I can say. There is going to be a good time for the pipeline industry throughout this year and into next year and beyond, and we're looking forward to facing the challenge.
James F. O'Neil: We haven't given guidance for '14, but I would say that with the amount of volume you probably in that zip code if we can execute for '13. I would think that we probably need to secure somewhat a little bit more mainline pipe in order to get us into that 9% to 12% since we're only at $100 million right now, right now forecasted for the year. But there are additional opportunities, so we'll just have to see how that plays out.
James F. O'Neil: The bidding activity on the shale or pipeline, I would just say, it's high level of bidding activity right now, and we expect that to continue into '14 and beyond.
James F. O'Neil: John, we had probably a better year in '12 than '13. I know we did, we're probably down $100 million from $300 million this year. And then next year, there's lots of -- there' some opportunities out there, we just have to see how those play out. I mean, we're not dealing with light transmission projects, from trying to figure out whether we're going to do '14 or '16 or '17. We'll figure out whether we're going to be 1 or 2 or 3. So it kind of changes the game there, but there are some utilities shale projects that are being planned, we're hopeful that we've been working with developers now for months even years on projects that are supposed to go to construction or move to construction. So, but the thing about it, it's such a small part of what we do today that we could -- if things didn't play out in renewables -- I mean, certainly the other parts of our business will outpace it, I mean, it's probably less than 5% of the segment. Right now, but again, it's still a focus point for us, and we're still well-positioned to take advantage of opportunities if they come here.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think it's mostly better utilization. I mean, when you establish yourself with a brand-new greenfield operation and open offices and start from scratch, and then you're going to gain efficiencies over time as you continue to build your revenue base and your customer base. And it's mostly on better operational improvement and better utilization of equipment over time because we've been working with the same customers over last 2 two years. Pretty much under the same MSA Agreements. So it's really just better execution and good weather, we had some really nice weather in the second quarter.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I'll tell you that we're not getting any more selective than what we've been over the past since we've owned Price Gregory. I mean, we've got pricing objectives and terms and conditions, objectives in our contracts, and we have customers that we have long-standing relationships with that will provide us for, that happen to have capital programs moving forward. So I don't think anything's changed there other than we're in a more robust environment now and moving forward with some opportunities.
James F. O'Neil: And I do want to mention on this segment, we also have gas distribution services and we mentioned pipeline, integrity, briefly, but those 2 parts of our business are performing very well and growing as well. So all of the services that we provide in that segment are moving -- have positive trends in both revenues and margins going forward.
James F. O'Neil: The project mix was probably half and half, half in Canada, half in the U.S. And I think the opportunities going forward are in both the U.S. and Canada are the same, it's equal. We're seeing opportunities in both countries.
James F. O'Neil: Not anything more than what TransCanada's put out publicly. That's all -- we have the same access to the same information that you have.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I would say that Australia is probably very similar to Canada, and how Canada has grown for us, when we made an acquisition in '10. So I think that's how I would put it in perspective rather than try to put a number on it. There's a lot of opportunities there and there's needs for significant infrastructure build out, and there's a limit today in a number of service providers that can meet customer's needs. So it's a huge job opportunity for us. The second, Mexico. Mexico is not -- really, I mean there's opportunities there, but we're just treading lightly there right now. There's plenty of opportunities to put our resources to work in other area.
James F. O'Neil: The approach that we take on margins is driven by contract type. When we do a fixed price contract, there's more risk, margins are typically 300 to 400 basis points higher than at cost plus, so we're not taking risk. It's all about what type of risk you're taking, and that's across all of our segments. The spread differential. So when you do more electric transmission projects that are fixed price, it pulls your distribution projects, which are mostly cost plus and [indiscernible] price which are lower side into that 9% to 12 % OpEx range. And that's the same dynamic that we expect to happen on the pipeline side when we do core fixed price pipeline mainline projects.
James F. O'Neil: Look, all I can tell you is that this whole notion that CREZ is ramping up and there's plenty of people sitting around and pricing is going to be challenging. I mean, where our employee count is up 15% since the first year were at record levels, a lot of CREZ has already wind down. And we're looking for people to move on to other projects. So I don't know what our competition is doing, but I can tell you that we're very busy right now.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, I think people get -- they get hung up that we don't have an announcement every quarter or 2 quarters. And I'm just -- it's still a very robust environment. I don't get caught up in that. I look at what the pipeline of opportunities are and how that's going to replace or grow on the burn that we're experiencing. And I'm very comfortable that is likely that we're going to have growth unless we have some of these bigger projects that get pushed because of permitting or regulatory [indiscernible], which will happen to some degree, but there's a lot of opportunities out there. And I'm not getting hung up on announcements right now. We've got significant work ramping up right now in certain areas that's offsetting, CREZ ramping down, and we'll have other announcements that will come out into the future as we move forward.
James F. O'Neil: Okay, I'd like to thank all of you for participating in our second quarter 2013 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Derrick A. Jensen: Okay. Tahira, you have a lot there. The -- relative to the overall guidance, I'll start kind of from reverse and work backwards from an acquisition perspective, I'd say that relative to now and the end of the year, you'll probably see something in order of the magnitude of $0.01 to $0.02. The mainline pipe was not in our previous guidance. And so that additional award does allow for some level of accretion and margin expansion. We still see that our margins right now, as you kind of have a running of about 7% for the segment. So and then our Electric Power margins came in at about 11.5%. So the rest of it relates on the organic side to as much a view of a margin expansion for the rest of the year. We had been previously envisioning that we would be somewhere in the midpoint of our 9% to 12% as an example for our electric power. I think we've seen to the first and second quarters that that's a little bit higher, which gives us a little bit confidence into the third and fourth quarter. And then lastly, relative to acquisitions, we continue to view ourselves as a highly acquisitive company, and I think you've seen that through these 2 acquisitions, and we think we continue to see other opportunities that are out there along for further acquisitions.
Derrick A. Jensen: Dan, this is Derrick. No we didn't have any mainline work that we performed in the second quarter. And relative to close outs, I mean, we always have some ups and downs associated with anything. A lot of them have to do with just better execution in production. There were some jobs that started to wind down but they didn't necessarily have any substantial material impact to the quarter.
Derrick A. Jensen: This is Derrick. I think that your first question was really asking about our higher margins in Electric Power in the first quarter and second quarter potentially versus our original guidance. We've guided 9% to 12%, and then said that we thought we'd be kind of in a mid-forced in that range around the 10.5%. And primarily because of the fact that when we looked at 2012, our execution was very high and at times you saw us as being able to exceed our margins in 2012. We've said various times that we thought that it was aggressive on our part to come through and have the expectation, we've had that level of performance throughout this year because of just the last year's exceptional performance. But having said that, what we've found is that through the first quarter and second quarter of this year, we have been able to execute through at the same similar levels, even through the period, which is typically our lowest margin period, the first and the second quarter, often times hampered by weather, et cetera. So and just more we feel like on a go-forward basis that if we, to the extent we've been able to execute through the first and second, we think we have the ability to continue to see that into the at least the third quarter. As far as the...
Derrick A. Jensen: Relative to the second part of it, what I'd say is that we commented throughout the last a little bit that we're being a little less aggressive potentially in some of our shale pursuits, basically as I'm sure we have the management available to work on any of the mainland component that came available. As we look to now, I think what we've seen is that what mainline work we have, we know where those things will generally play out to the year and allow us to pursue additional of those opportunities in the shale side.
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. From a revenue run rate perspective, I'd say something in order of magnitude of $250 million to $300 million on a combined basis. And then on a backlog, I'd say you're looking at something probably around about $150 million. So that's a soft number right now with that whole public conversion side of the equation and getting into these guys and talking to them exactly as how we define backlog versus them, but I'd say something in order of magnitude of $150 million.
