Earl Austin: Thanks, Tahira. When we look at the pipeline segment, our LDC business, the utility side of it's doing very well. We came through the quarter quite nicely, we said we would focus on the earnings, the margins there and we have, and I believe you're starting to see some of that show up in the quarter, we look at our industrial segment. It's certainly performing well, we said it was at record levels and we think that would stay that way throughout 2019. So that's done very well.  Our big pipe, we're seeing activity there, we have not started yet really in the season. So that'll be in the latter half of the year. When we look at Canada, we are seeing some comeback of our midstream business in Canada as well as in the Bakken and Texas.  So overall, the things that we're working on are starting to come together. We're starting to see some margin pull through in the segment and especially on the underlying business with the integrity and our utility side of that business. So we're pretty proud of what we're able to accomplish.
Earl Austin: Thanks, Noelle. When we look at Quanta in general, I think -- that's what we focus on a specialized skilled labor and our ability to perform. So for us, a tight labor market bodes well goes well and I think we've done a necessary investment and we've talked about a $100 million of investment with labor training -- up training.  So I think all those things that we've done in the past are starting to pay dividends in the future. And I do think when we move forward labor will be key for us to have some growth and also make sure that we are able to service our clients on this base business type utility work for the foreseeable future.  So we'll continue to concentrate ourselves on how to get labor pull through and make sure that we are training them early and getting into the field, where we can be more productive. So that is a key for our business going forward.
Earl Austin: We're seeing different things in the States, even on some of the FERC 1000 there are some legislation in Texas on basically return -- allowing the incumbent to have first right of refusal on any FERC line. So things like that -- Look, I think you're going to see consistent returns, they are not going to get one way or the other too far and people who want to invest in infrastructure in the US for the foreseeable future, I don't think FERC, they want to build lines. We have a great Commissioner there, Chairman. So I think -- the way we see it FERC will enable construction for a long -- infrastructure builds for a long period of time.
Earl Austin: I think we've talked about it previous quarters and even last year, we were concentrated on growing our base business, which is around 90% of the company. And when you go back and pull back in the utility side of that, we think that piece will continue to grow kind of mid-single digits and then we stand by that's sustainable, all the things that you're seeing from start fire hardening, to storm hardening, the grid modernization, it's there, it's real.  We need a modern grid, if you go into automation self driving, you're going to need a stable sustainable grid. There's tons of reports out there about it, but I think as far as we can see -- we see continued growth for our business TND space.
Earl Austin: Yes. We didn't have a large project, per se in the quarter. But certainly these larger programs alliances and some things that we're doing on Industrial Services, we're starting to see those things come into backlog -- larger programs multi-year programs that we're able to kind of put in backlog now, but we don't announce those projects on at any given time, but they are large in nature.
Earl Austin: Yes. The acquisition was the specialized aviation company that allows us to some critical path we have on transmission, distribution that was necessary for us, so that was a smaller acquisition that was meant to support our ongoing operations in North America. And as far as M&A again we're opportunistic out there, there's a good pipeline of great businesses that are more, there's nothing eminent or large in nature from our standpoint, but certainly the markets there and we've always been a company that's acquired, we have a strategy we'll stick to it.
Earl Austin: And as far as allocation -- as far as cash allocation we will continue on the same path we have in the past, which is basically, we look at acquisitions, stock buybacks as dividend. So we'll look at all of those to make sure that we're enhancing shareholder value.
Earl Austin: I mean, I think we've talked about the record of our Industrial Services business and we won't get into specifics on stronghold. But in general that segment, industrial segment that's underneath and they're performing really well, better than our expectations. So we're really proud of that, we're really proud of kind of adding that service line to the pipeline and industrial segment. So from our standpoint, we see them having a record year this year and next year was just as good.
Earl Austin: We have very little expectation for Atlantic Coast this year. I think if you go back to what Dominion, Duke and others are saying it's a 2020, 2021 type build and we'll stick to their schedules.
Earl Austin: No. The Latin America issue it was a P3 type project in Peru. And so we're well along in the project. We're just, it's been delayed for various reasons and country was necessary to kind of move this thing along as to go to some sort of arbitration at some point here. So we're working through that with the client and I think we'll get it resolved and move forward. We have a very small piece left to finish out the project.
Earl Austin: That was, previously, we had talked about the processing facility and some liquidated damages that was the same processing facility. We had some delays as far as getting it complete and primarily most of that is around that delay and liquidated damage is on that project.
Earl Austin: Yes, Alex, when we look at it, I mean, I think it's necessary for the fiber build. We're starting to see some of that technology and 5G play into that and their thinking. So as technology advances in 5G, you'll start to see some movement in fiber, but overall it's necessary for them to have big backbone, whether it's data centers or whatever it may be. So we continue to see quite elevated capital spends for the foreseeable future and the business, certainly timing moves around a bit, we're in good shape from our clients and the way we see it, but we're following it fairly closely. We don't see a whole lot of fundamental change, I would say 5G is probably when it gets into the dense -- out of the dense areas and over into your communities, suburbs and such, it will take longer as they use the electrical distribution system. I don't think that will be as easy as from a permitting standpoint as other things have been in the past. So that'll be a challenge for the carriers to make sure that they're working with utilities, as they get into the distribution -- electric distributions side of it.
Earl Austin: I mean, when you look at the communications business. I think it continues to strengthen, quarter-over-quarter and when you get into the fourth quarter, you may have some seasonality, but whoever working, I think in general, will be fine there. So we continue to strengthen and we'll be prudent about how we got it. But we still believe that business is capable of margins at parity to what our electric segment doing, electric divisions doing there in the segment. So we feel like it will strengthen throughout the year in the US especially.
Earl Austin: I mean, anytime you have takeaway capacity, and you have drilling activity, you'll start to see the midstream comeback, as you'll see in the Appalachian once we get some big takeaway pipe build-out of the Appalachian, you'll start to see our midstream business come back underneath.  So that's what's your seeing in Canada and Western Canada is also in the Bakken and DJ is you're seeing drilling activity and underlying that you're seeing the midstream business start to come back and we have a nice midstream business there in Canada that comes down into the Bakken region. So the activity there is robust. We like that business underneath the big pipe and it's pretty repetitive in nature. So we're working pretty hard at those regions and shales.
Earl Austin: Yeah, I think, Texas is fine and we will continue to see a lot of infrastructure build here in the state. I don't think from a legislation standpoint will see any change material that's an energy stay if people want to build infrastructure if necessary, if necessary to move it down to LNG exports out of the Gulf Coast here.  So we continue to see that build happening. I don't think anything from a regulatory standpoint, Texas for sure will cause out to have any impact. I would say that the federal administration did make some executive orders that are intended to help us and help the permitting process and give certainty to part process.  So with that, I do think federally, you'll start to see some at least some certainty and what it takes to build pipe and once you get it through FERC it will be somewhat full but not to say you won't get sued and such, but I do believe that you will prevail if you get it through FERC. And so we like all the decisions and some of the executive orders that had happened in the quarter. And we do think in the future it will certainly help infrastructure and infrastructure builds in order to move gas and liquids down to the coast or whatever it may be.
Earl Austin: I mean, when you look at what we're doing now in the communications business, we're building backhaul fiber for the most part or ring fiber rings. We are doing some 5G work, but I would say for us where we really start to see us getting the wireless businesses when it starts to get in the distribution side of the business, electric distribution, it takes a different class of person to put it above the primary voltages on the distribution system.  So, you will need kind of -- on the electric alignment to put that in the air and as that happens, as that they start -- the carrier start to work with utilities or the utilities even own fiber 5G per se that will bode well for Quanta. I think it's not 2019, it's more like 2020 to 2021 and beyond. And that's where I think we really start to see our wireless capabilities come into play.  But again I think when you look at what we're doing there, we're working on it methodically. We see some -- we've saw the permitting challenges, we work through that, I like where we stand, I like our cadence and how we are performing in the business is getting more profitable quarter-over-quarter as we get scale out of these offices and our opportunities continue to increase.
Earl Austin: I'd like to thank the men and women in the field for the say performance in the quarter. They did exceptional. So we want to thank them, and thank you all for participating in our first quarter conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta. Thank you, this concludes the call.
Derrick Jensen: Yeah. We still expect our free cash flow to still be in that kind of the $300 million to $500 million range. From a cadence perspective, similar to our previous commentary, we think it'll be largely backend loaded. The seasonality, the year will still probably put a degree of pressure into the second and third quarter with a drift in the fourth.  The largest portion of it by far will come in the fourth quarter, not uncommon though and it is relates to timing from a PG&E perspective, I would tell you that we have some visibility to be able to see some of that coming in kind of in the near term, potentially, a large portion here by the end of the second quarter. But there are some administrative things that we need to deal with as far as on our side and there is going through the administrative processes of getting those things through the system.  So I think that in the second and third quarter type dynamic is when you see some of that recovery.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, it's a reasonably sizable balance. I mean it's upwards to $90 million. It's moved from non-current to current, there isn't that much necessarily related to from a timing perspective as a hold up, it's just more kind of as you reached effective amortization this quarter, we've got to go through the final process of administrative by getting those mixed balances. I would tell you that we expect all of those remaining balances to be received tiered during 2019, probably in the second and third, maybe early part of fourth quarter time frame.
Derrick Jensen: Sure. Previously, we had given guidance that we expected that those balances would be beyond 2019 as it stands here today for that remaining balance of no -- contract assumption we still yet have that belief that will be beyond 2019. In fact, for that balance we've actually moved it to non-current, will be in line with the kind of a normal process of going through administratively and we're working with the customer and the courts do that level of collection.  We still have no pause relative to our position as it stands here today. We're not expecting that we will not receive full collection at this stage, we'll just be working through from a timing perspective, working with the related parties.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, I mean, relative to our own side of the equation and kind of looking it up from our modeling. I mean we did at a nice first quarter, but we have upped from a revenue perspective on both pipeline and electric power, a larger portion of electric power. So that is representing strengths to through the year.  We see a higher degree of potential contribution coming still yet in the third and fourth quarter due to the expanding base business, as well as some of the storm hardening work that Duke has made reference to. So from our standpoint, we see as much of the upside happening in the latter portions of the year against our own expectations versus just the contribution of the first quarter.
