Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks, Noelle. I think when we talked about Latin America early on. We talked about exiting this year. We’re doing that in a prudent manner. We’re trying to get that behind us. COVID certainly came in and cost rose. We did some things with contracts to exit earlier. So I do think that the majority of that will be out, and we’ve guided for that in 2020. As we look forward, I – we talked about the base business being robust, being able to grow. It were largely intact on the Electric segment throughout the year, even pre-COVID. So our strategy is working. On the P&I side, we saw the light switch effect, some cities down. After that, we are largely intact. Everybody’s back to work for the most part. We do have some shift where we’re customer interfacing with utilities, so we’re going in people’s homes. That work has somewhat shift to next year and beyond. So that’s a little bit of drag on there and the Canadian work pushed out into next year. But all in all, 90% of the base work, the baseload work, obviously, we added Puerto Rico, which I believe is transformational for the company and a lot of opportunity there into 2021. So in my mind, the company has gotten stronger through this. Our Industrial segment, you can’t – you don’t know where the economy is going to go. So the demand on the Industrial segment is certainly there long-term, but it will be predicated around the economy. And we’ll continue to evaluate that. But sometimes in these areas of lulls, we’re able to gain market share, and we have a really good management team down there. I like our chances to gain market share and come out of this way stronger on the other side.
Duke Austin: We’ve never been a company to acquire companies that are struggling. So I think when we look at it, we buy in, in the strength in the – into our strategy. Our strategy has not changed over the last five years in the way we’ve deployed capital. Everything is against our stock price and our strategy. So when we look at things, when we’re looking at companies, their – its strength to a region to a strategy. The Chicago company that we bought was – will allow us to get on the front end of programmatic spends that are ongoing within our service lines as we expand. So that was very strategic to us. We like the company. It’s an old historic company that will give us a lot of flexibility on the programmatic spend. That being said, everything is valued against our stock price. We continue to believe our earnings streams and our earnings power is much greater than its value today. It’s more consistent, more resilient, and we’ll continue to lean into it and drive EPS and EPS growth.
Duke Austin: Yes. I think when we talked about it at the first part of the year and even beyond, you’re seeing multi-year T&D spends on CapEx on a go-forward basis. That’s still there. It’s still prevalent. We’re working with our customers and collaborating with them. When you start putting EVs, electric vehicles, in order to enable that, you have to have a very modern grid. And so the modernization thereof and the CapEx that it takes to get there is something that’s ongoing on the distribution side of the business, both gas and electric, for stability. As you see more renewables, the interconnections that are required in the amount of transmission and the redundancy within the grid, that’s why you’re seeing most of our clients have both renewable expansion on the generation side as well as your transmission expansion on the other side. So really, in my mind, whether it’s renewables that we’re enabling or just the stability of the grid for electric vehicles. Either way, it’s necessary to invest in – for a long period of time. People are talking about 2050 to be carbon-free and things of that nature. In order to do that, the amount of transmission and distribution expenditures to this grid is exponential of what you see today just to give you the flexibility to enable those enhancements.
Duke Austin: I think it was a unique opportunity in Puerto Rico to collaborate with a great customer, that ATCO, that we have a great relationship with, and both their strengths and our strengths came together along with IEM, our partner there. It will allow us a unique opportunity. In my mind, what we’re able to do there is strengthen the people of the island. It’s – for me, it’s a social thing because I think at the end of this, we’re going to modernize the grid. We’re going to stabilize an economy, and people are going to benefit. I mean lights are out every day there for periods of time. And for us, at the end, if we – when we get through this, I think we’ll be able to look back and it will be so meaningful to Quanta, us, ATCO and also the whole industry of what we’ve done in Puerto Rico. I know we can do it. We don’t talk about things. We actually go out there and build things. So it will be unique. And the opportunities on the other side of that is the FEMA money that’s coming in, which is $18 billion or, call it, $10 billion, call it $12 billion, whatever it is, it’s meaningful on the other side of the contract that I think we’ll have an opportunity and I like our chances on work because it – we do it cost certain, we do things right and economically for the consumer. So as that – as you see, that’s a huge expansion for us. There’s other islands. There’s other ways that we can participate and collaborate with our customer. We’re doing this all the time at – on different ways to enable technology, to enable EVs, to enable a grid that’s sustainable under renewables and things of that nature. So we’re around the edges all the time of what you hear about, and I was sitting on a call the other day, and they were talking about all this things around technology. In order to get there, everything that we’re doing and everything as a company that we’re doing, we’re enabling all those things to happen. So in my mind, there’ll be all kinds of opportunities for us, and we have a really nice base to grow off of.
Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks. The margins were impressive. The guys in the field are really operating well under extreme conditions. I’ve said this before, and I want to make sure I say it again. The electric side of the business will operate in double digits over time. And we’ll continue to say that if we operate in 11, we’ve operated in 9, we’ll operate in 12 at times. And so I would just, in my mind, we always think around double digits. That’s the way to think about the Electric segment. They did have – we did have a nice quarter, and I think we’re setting up for a nice year here. The telecom is certainly a part of this. And we are making incremental progress there. The opportunities are out there. They’re large. We continue to build office, build strength. We added some engineering capabilities in the quarter, which will only help us as we EPC, and we do work in cities and metroplexes. That was extremely important for us to get the engineering in the front end, right on those things. And I – we’ve done that through an acquisition. So I’m proud of where we’re at. I’m proud of where we sit. We’ll only get better as we move forward in the telecom.
Duke Austin: We have a great industrial business, both on the Hubble side as well as the Stronghold catalyst side that really is – it gives us a good base to grow off of. The management team’s stronghold as well as our management team on the electric side, they’re exceptional. They’ll take advantage of these opportunities as we see them. We certainly rightsized the business, the G&A aspects of it. We had a record quarter in the first quarter and obviously fell off in the second. But again, we’re still profitable. We’re still doing well out there. And I think we’ll only come out the other side stronger.
Duke Austin: Good morning, Jamie, I would say, in general, we’ve made incremental progress on the pipeline side pre-COVID. I – we were 7%-plus guidance on it early on. And I think that progress is still there. We’ve done the things right strategically to position the company ex-pipe to go forward at mid- to high-single digits, and that’s where it stands. I think our goal is a portfolio, a double-digit EBITDA. We’re not there yet. We’re working on it. You can see the Electric margins pulling up. I could think you’ll continue to see the pipe and the resiliency of the pipe – pipeline segment, P&I segment go forward. And it’s utility-backed, it’s industrial-based. And as that goes farther, you’ll continue to see those margins rise and then the returns get better there. And as far as – I’ll answer a little bit on the $4. I think when we talked about it last quarter, we stand by now. The opportunity is there. It’s opportunity for more than $4. So – well that’s where we’re at. It’s early. It’s June. And it’s August now. But we’re giving June numbers. So we’re not going to give 2021 guidance, but everything you’re saying and everything you’re inferring. We see the same thing. The company is in very, very good shape, and we’re working hard at margins.
Duke Austin: I don’t know if I said that or Derrick said that. But I – it’s – I think that’s accurate. It’s under both. And in our mind, we talked about early on that we were having some – when we thought about it, we were doing a lot of front-end engineering. And as we went to the field, things would get better, revenues picked up, and that’s what you’re seeing. We’re starting to put people in the field. Our Canadian work strengthened some too in the quarter. So all those things kind of come together. And we’ll continue to see those kind of ramps in the business. Not 50% ramps, but it will continue up as we go to the field with construction. There’s a lot of opportunity there. We’re growing the business quite nicely. And I like the things we’re doing.
Duke Austin: And the acquisitions, really, we talked about this morning certainly enhances the front side of that and then it gives us the ability to move quicker into the field.
Duke Austin: I’m – when we look at it, I mean, it’s somewhat pulled back. The density – I mean, 5G is about seven components. But as you think about it, what enables 5G is your communication from your fiber to your cell towers and things of that nature. They need line of sight on the cells, the small cells, whatever it may be. But the fiber backbone and data on the edge, all those things are part of 5G. And every bit of that – and by the way, it takes quite a bit of power as well to enable those data centers and things of that nature. So we’re around the edges on all of it and how we interface with our local electric utilities or – and gas utilities, along with the telecom and collaborate there on the middle grounds of those things, put us in a great position to enhance our ability to deploy 5G.
Duke Austin: Yes. We talk to them around all those things. I think in general, hydrogen is something, we talked about batteries a long time. We talked about solar a long time. It continues to be part of a carbon footprint that is environmentally friendly. So those things are all part of it. And I think we’re around the edges on all those kind of conversations, whether we build any kind of hydrogen plant or something of those natures. It just depends on what it is. We’re going to stay down the middle and do the things that we’re very good at, like we’ve done in the past. And certainly, we’ll collaborate on all those kind of opportunities, such as hydrogen, solar, 5G, whatever it may be. We continue to talk to them and try to advance those technologies forward through enabling the grid and also your infrastructure.
Duke Austin: Yes. Sean, I think when we looked at it, where still many cities are within the COVID environment or different kinds of restrictions. So I think we took a prudent approach to guidance. We said the back half, the fire hardening in the back half of the Electric segment was strengthened, we still believe that. I mean, we’re on a storm now in the East Coast. And so under Covid restrictions, where our guys are performing exceptional and so it’s very difficult to say what the second half, if there’s upside to it. I think we took a nice prudent approach like we do all the time. But we do have some strength there, and we continue to see opportunities with our clients and making sure that either their workforce is at home due to COVID. So we’re backfilling and things of that nature. Or we’re making sure that their capital budgets and what they see in the future, we’re able to deliver on those capital plans. So lots of conversations going on. All in all, I think we gave good prudent guidance as we move forward.
Duke Austin: As far as Peru goes, we’ve physically handed over the network at this point. We’ve done the things administratively that we needed to do to preserve our asset as well as our lawsuit there. We’re incrementally more positive about where we’re at. It’s a long process. We continue to make what I think is the right decisions going forward that will allow us to recoup our investment down there. We’ll see where it goes over the next 18 months.
Duke Austin: Look, I don’t – we don’t press timing on those things. They just – again, we take our time. We’re looking at them all the time. There’s multiple opportunities out there. It depends on what you call large or not. I think when you go back and you look at what we’ve booked this quarter, as Derrick said in his commentary, $6 billion is not too bad the way I see it and their earnings streams, they’re off of it. And we worked on that for 18 months or better. And I would I just say, it’s transformational in this company what we did in a quarter through a pandemic and the guys and the teams that have done that and what we’ll be able to do on that island is something that will go down and is meaningful for, not only us, but the generations to come. So that being said, the opportunities are there. They’re larger. The larger transmission opportunities remain robust. We continue – I will say this on pipe. It doesn’t matter. Large pipe doesn’t matter to us. It doesn’t matter on this quarter, and it doesn’t matter going forward. It’s only incremental to anything we talk about. So the big pipe, when I think about it, it’s incremental to anything we say. If it’s there, we’ll pick it up. If it’s not, we won’t. And it’s fine. That’s not what this company is built around on the future or today.
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean, I think for the majority of it, you could have a little bit of linger, but I – we’re hard-pressed to get that done, and we were able to negotiate contracts out. It costs us a little money in the quarter, but it was the right answer for our shareholders, the right answer for Quanta is to move through that, and we were able to do a multitude that within the quarter. Again, we’re preserving the asset there in Peru. We’re working through the other areas. But in my mind, we’re on the other side of that, moving forward very quickly to get out.
Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks, everyone. I – mainly, I want to thank our employees for the work that they’ve done in the storm environment. I will say that our business is inherently risky due to COVID. It’s even more still. I would say, in general, they’ve done a great job. We’ve collaborated great with the client here. And hopefully, we’re all picking the lights back on at a pretty rapid pace. So that being said, the industry has made a ton of progress there. And we’re proud of that and proud of what our guys have done in the field. We want to thank you, thank our customers, and I appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta.
