Duke Austin: Yes. First, let me take the industrial question and talk a little bit about that. I think what you had this year, you had a flood along with some wind events. So, Harvey, you had wind events in the Corpus area, Gulf Coast, and then you also had big floods in Houston all along the refineries. So, our industrial business, when we look at it, we had a pretty nice fall turnaround season ahead of us. We were preparing for that. And we had a flood event. And so, we can't control the weather. It happened and it affected not only the third quarter. It will affect the fourth quarter in that business and the guidance we have given. So that being said, I think some of that differs into 2018. We stand behind our guidance that we've given in 2018. We think the company is in great shape. We couldn't be prouder of it, of the management team and what we're doing there and the strategy we have behind it long term, and that includes 2018. So, I think some of that can get deferred. It's early -- too early to say, but we're having great conversations with our customers and our customer base on the industrial segment.  As far as the restoration business goes, it was -- if you look at it on the electric segment alone, it's -- we said it was $130 million in the quarter, so it's less than 5%, 10% of the business in the quarter. So, when you look at it, yes, it's good and we're doing good things. And mainly, what we're doing is we're helping our customers get lights back on and making sure that there's no loss of life. And I'm real proud of the way the guys performed and what we did as a company and as an industry. It really, really was world-class restoration here.  As we look forward into the fourth quarter, there's some pickup that's still ongoing with our customers as far as cleanups, some things that were done in the storm. You go back and you fix things that you may not have done up to spec. So those things will all be getting taken care of as we move forward in the fourth quarter. As we sit today, I think, first and foremost, we were supporting our U.S. based customers. And the opportunities in the islands and other places, we're evaluating those daily.
Duke Austin: Yes. When we look at our oil and gas segment, the underlying business, the core business is there with our distribution business, our industrial business now. I think we've set up really nicely to grow that, to drive that business. And it's overlaid with our project-based business. What we're seeing is our projects are coming off. The work that we have in Canada, we'll be prudent about how we guide to that. We've grown our -- organically grown a lot of that base business now, and I think we'll start getting scale out of it as we move forward into 2018.  So, I like where we're at. I understand where the margins are. We're looking at them. We see them as well. So, we're not happy with where they're at, and we're working towards next year's guidance to be back in the more normalcy of what we've said in the past. I think as we get into that project-based business into 2018, which is robust on the pipeline side, we really like how it's setting up in the future years.
Duke Austin: Thanks, Noelle. Yes, as far as the large project goes, we are in active discussions with customers on multiple projects. We put one in our backlog now. I believe we'll be full on our -- in North America, at least in the Lower 48 as we look into 2018, 2019. I don't think there's any issue there. It's a robust environment. It's good. And you guys follow the larger projects. There's a nice list out there. We're around them all when we look at them. And so, we're talking to customers about the best way that Quanta can move forward and provide support and solutions to them as we move forward to those bigger builds. As far as the Permian, we've -- we have made investments there. We're able to operate in that environment. So, as we see those jobs, as that moves forward into 2019, 2018, we're on those projects as well. We're also seeing signs of the Midstream business come back as you start to move gas into Mexico. That business is getting better both in Canada and in the Lower 48. So, things are shaping up and strengthening both on the midstream side, our Canadian midstream side as well as our large diameter pipe. So, we really like how '18 is shaping up.
Duke Austin: Yes. I think we're going to grow the business nicely in 2018 on the electric side. Our underlying business, as we've talked about, about 85% of it is that base-type business on the electric side. It's probably a little more than that at this point. And we're seeing strength in that with these capital projects and capital programs with our customers. As far as those bigger projects, there's some of those bigger projects that we're looking at, but we're not anticipating that being a 2018 event. And we don't -- while it's great to have them and it's great to be able to look at that work and think about it, it's not something that we're anticipating in our guidance at this point.
Duke Austin: Good question, Tahira. As far as the battery project in Australia, I think for us, it's just a matter of we get a lot of questions about what we're doing in Australia and our ability to grow our service lines. As you remember, Australia started out as a gas-only operation and now we've taken that, we built our electric business there as well as have the capabilities on renewables from the Lower 48 there. So, it was a nice project. It was a battery, wind, solar project. And so, we're able to put a lot of things together and build something unique in Australia on an EPC basis. So, we're proud of that. We're proud of our ability to deliver in Australia and that management team there. So, we wanted to highlight that a little bit about some of the breadth we have in our regional offices. As far as telecom, I think what I would say there, we're six months behind. We stated that before. We're seeing really good bookings. We're starting to execute work, engineering work now. I think we're at a tipping point there, where you'll start to see us incrementally every quarter get better in that business. And we had some -- a little bit of delay in Latin America on some projects, and that's now starting to flush out. And all that's starting to come together, so I really like where we're at. We'll get some growth next year. We'll continue to book backlog. We've had good conversations with our customers in that business. They like us in the business. We know it very well. It's an organic growth story. So, when we're growing organically in any of these businesses, it does drag us on our earnings profiles but it's the right long-term answer for Quanta and it's the best use of our capital. So, it's better for us to grow it organically on some of these service lines, and that's what we're doing here and that's what we've done somewhat on our gas side as well. So, I'm really pleased with where we're at, albeit six months behind.
Duke Austin: No. I think as far as what Derrick was commenting on in the project in the Midwest, it was primarily around access and our ability to get to the right-of-way. It wasn't traditionally the work -- actually, the execution of the work, which it's something that as we look at these projects, it's getting hard to get access. It was two years ago when we started this. And as we look at them today, we look at them a little different. We learned some stuff there on access, so we got a lot smarter as we move forward. It's not something that we typically have issues with on our electric side -- electric segment. We pride ourselves on execution, but we thought we should highlight it in the quarter and just show you the strength of the underlying business on the rest of the work. It was a one-off project. I don't anticipate us having issues on that side of the business. Yes, we're very proud of that team at Labrador Island. That was a tough, remote project. I don't think as far as I'm concerned, nobody in the world could do it and certainly not under-budget and on time. So, we're proud of that.
Duke Austin: Yes, thanks, Jamie. A few questions there. So, the 10 billion top line, if we add Stronghold and what we said on the Stronghold acquisition, it was about a 570 million to 600 million type run rate on a go-forward basis. Given what we've done this year, I think our 10 billion number is reachable in the short term. Much...
Duke Austin: Let's build it from the bottom up and we'll start giving guidance. But it's sort of in the three to below three in my mind. We haven't built it up yet. But obviously, if you start adding it up, you say we'd grow electric, you say we can grow gas, and then you do the math, you'll see where I'm at if you add the 570 in for a full year run rate. So, we're growing the telecom business as well. So, I like where we're at. I like what I said. I think it's shorter rather than longer. But let me build up 2018 from the bottom up and we'll get there, give you some more guidance on that. As far as the margins go in the gas side, I'll let Derrick take that question. The 9.4 million on the electric side, we're substantially complete with the issues that we were having on the below grade. We're into the kind of the wire, the clip and the stuff that does not cause issues there. We're working with the customer on some changes. So, I think in general, there's no really issues on a go-forward basis on the job. We're 80-plus percent complete, probably $15 million left, or something like that. I'm not worried about that one. Not worried about that one. And as far as the qualitative comments on the weather on our gas segment, I think you're right. We were a little light in places. Some of the spring break up in Canada was pulling down some of those margins in our Canadian operations. And we were also starting other operations in Canada on the midstream side, which I like it long term. So, it was a drag there in the quarter. And I'll let Derrick comment on some of the other things you asked.
Duke Austin: And one more thing, Jamie, I think we asked about the gas margins in general, whether we're trying to grow the top or bottom. I think we're always trying to grow the bottom line margins on that business. That's one piece of business that we've invested a lot in that base core business, so it's not so project-concentric. And that -- this year especially, we've really almost doubled our employee count on our base type business and also our investment in our industrial segment on the gas side. It's going to pay dividends next year and in the following years out. So, when the projects are not there, we have a good, strong base business. It does impact the margins this year. I don't think that will be the case next year as we move forward, so we'll see more steady margins, plus we'll layer on some projects. I really like how the business is setting up in a multiyear macro market here.
Duke Austin: I think it's a fair comment. So, we see the same thing you see and we like the macro markets and we like what we're doing as far as executing within the business segments. I think in general, we're working on our gas margins. And so that's something we understand and we know where we're at there and we continue to work on it.
Duke Austin: Yes. We're in constant contact with our customers. And I think in general, in Stronghold, we like where we're at. We think we're right on track other than the storm impacts. I believe we would have hit -- it's hard to say. I mean, it's certainly something that you don't want to start off with, with a hurricane event on something on a business line. And it happened. We can't control it, but it happened. We dug into it. We looked at it. We see a strong market going forward and we stand by our guidance in '18 and beyond.  We really like that business. As far as us being at capacity, the markets are there. The overall macro markets are there for us to be at capacity in the Lower 48. We're not going to take undue risk or things of that nature. And that being said, we could run 8 spreads, 10 spreads or something in North America when we look into next year, but we'll be smart about it.
Duke Austin: Yes, I was cut up. It's a different build next year just where it's at regionally, so it's not really a fair -- we had some smaller projects in different parts of the world. So, it's difficult -- it's not a comparable year. So, I would just -- I would say next year is more robust than this year for sure.
Duke Austin: Qualitatively, some of the work is in the mountains. So, when you look at that in the big pipe piece of it, we got to be careful about how we look at that and when we get spreads kind of at capacity. So, we'll be smart about that. And I would say, Derrick is right. There will be some seasonality in that business. But if you look at what's happening in Canada, some of our midstream business, our Canadian midstream business is starting to come back and some things that can impact the first quarter in a positive way as well. So, it's hard to say. Like Derrick said, we needed to do a bottoms-up approach and come back and give you some seasonality. But as far as the overall year and what it's shaping up, we like it.
Duke Austin: Large material component. I'm not too concerned with that -- no output risk or anything like that. I'm not too concerned with that project.
Duke Austin: Yes. I think we're known for boots on the ground construction. We had 5,000 folks deployed in the U.S. and picked it up quite nicely. For us to get involved in an event, which I think first of all, concerned with human life and what's going on there, so that is concerning to us and we're certainly willing to help and support. As we look at it, we need to get good visibility from whoever is going to decide to lead that effort. We're obviously in contact with both the utility and the government. So, we'll look at it. But first and foremost, we have customers here that -- and the demands are high for us to finish capital budgets. And there's a large storm in the Northeast as we sit today that we're supporting from traditional customers from earlier on this week. So, we have to watch kind of what we do and how we support other places and those efforts. But we're happy to do that, and we are in discussions all the time about how to support those islands as well as Puerto Rico. But as far as what happened in the press, in the media and everything that was said on the contracts down there, we were not involved.
Duke Austin: Yes, I think from our standpoint, we see a robust turnaround season in the spring. We're talking to our clients and we stand behind our guidance there, the 570 million to 600 million next year. We're in constant discussions in the things that we do on the industrial side. We're happy, happy with the business, happy with where we're going in 2018. Constant communications over there, and I'm pleased with what's going on. It's all storm related here. And some of that deferred, some of that just kind of pushed into next year or the years beyond. But I think from our standpoint, we see opportunity into 2018 on top of what we've already said.
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean, as far as backlog peak, I'm not certain. EPC, we can do a lot of things over there that allow us to build backlog relatively quickly. We're also building our base business, and it's just difficult to tell you how long the backlog goes out, beyond 12 backlogs versus the 12-month backlog, but it's a robust market on the large diameter side as well as on the other underlying businesses. We've invested a bunch in that. We're really focusing on bringing up our margin profiles and executing on the work that's ahead of us in the next 12 months and beyond.
Duke Austin: I would just say in general, as a large event in the industry itself, what was done from a hardening standpoint and a modernization standpoint of the grid was evident in the way it got picked up in the event. And so that being said, I think the willingness for the regulators to invest in their systems for the public is definitely there. It's a proof-of-concept. It -- our customers got out in front of some of that. And it really paid dividends in the storm.  So, I think you'll continue to see more investment as we move forward in the modernization of the grid across the coastlines of the Eastern seaboard, even into California. So that being said, I think that part of it, you'll see long-term investments more so than we've already seen in the grid. And as far as the ongoing work and what we're seeing, we'll still continue to execute on the capital budgets. They're not backing off those as we sit here today.
Duke Austin: Yes. I think in general, some of it is in backlog, some of it is -- we're with heavy discussions with customers on timing. So, a lot of it has to do with timing next year and some of it is just -- it's a push further out. Again, there's opportunities. They come up daily. You'll have one go away and three more come back. So, what we see from our customer base is the ability to get in that previous stated guidance or better.
Duke Austin: Yes, I'd like to thank you all for participating in our Third Quarter 2017 Conference Call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta and go [Astros]. Thanks again, guys.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. I think Duke basically handled it. I mean, from a revenue perspective, the idea being is obviously we have this year, there's quite a bit of storm work in it, probably $100 million more than normal. But it doesn't have the full annual effect of Stronghold in it. So, when you think about the midpoint of our guidance and you factor both of those equations into it, you see a number next year that when you take into consideration our opportunities for double-digit growth that we have spoken about, we can see how modeling can get you into a number that's up there. We have yet to put out exactly how we're going to do it from a bottoms-up perspective, but we can understand how the scenarios and the modeling can start to look closer to the $10 billion number that you're talking about. And then Duke has already covered it earlier in the comments ultimately about oil and gas. The largest contributor that we've spoken to regularly is the aspect of large diameter pipe. We have a pretty substantial complement of large diameter pipe opportunity for 2018, much of which is already in our backlog. And to the extent that we execute to that, not only from a contingency perspective, but the utilization of assets, those are the types of things that have always told -- in our mind modeled out the largest overall increase in margin potential. I think it's too soon for us to get to a spot of saying what our margin range will be, but I think we have every bit of expectation they will exceed 2017.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, Steve. Ex the storm impact as far as our current view, I mean, it'd be up 100, 130 basis points or something like that. Now versus our original views, obviously, it would have been higher because now it's burdened with the impact of Stronghold. But ex-storm right now, you can probably look at something that's going to be at least 100 basis points higher than what you're currently looking at. As it relates to how the quarters themselves play out, I think it's still a little too soon for us to answer that. We -- as we go through, we're going to do the bottoms-up approach like we always do. And for us, seeing how December and January come into play are really pretty important to looking at how we think the 2018 quarters themselves will play. As I stand here, I would have a tendency to tell you that I think the seasonality effects would be generally the same. Still lower in the first, rising in the second, higher in the third and dropping in the fourth. I don't believe I'll see something materially different from that, but at the levels of that right now, I need to see better visibility into that first quarter before I can answer with specificity.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. As we stand here today, we have not purchased any stock under the plan. We continue to be opportunistic with it. It's all about how the M&A market investment side of the equation and stock buybacks mix. So, as we go forward, it will still be part of the overall. And it's still our intention to look at that as an opportunistic deployment of capital.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, for the quarter, communications, I would say that roughly it's probably 20 basis points dilutive to the electric power group overall right now. The project work is profitable, but it's just an aspect of how the ramp-up of the strategic side of the equation is putting pressure on it. But the project work itself is profitable. Communications backlog, when you consider Latin America, Canada and I would throw in there the post September 30 type of awards, I mean, that number is going to be in excess of $600 million. I mean, it's a growing number for certain. And as we go forward, I think Duke has commented about that he sees additional opportunities for awards comparable to what you've seen both in the second quarter and the third quarter as we move forward.
Derrick Jensen: About $200 million of storm work to date. I would tell you that we're expecting right now fourth quarter to come in, let's say, about $25 million. So, we think the year will end up about $225 million. Some of the work that's coming in, in the fourth quarter would not be characterized as storm work. When Duke alluded to additional work coming through, a lot of that will drift over and be traditional maintenance work versus storm work. So, we'll probably look at ending the year about $225 million. Generally speaking, the project down -- that combined project is an EPC project. It's lump-sum. It's more of the traditional risk that you would see associated with that type of work but nothing really unique or unusual.
