Duke Austin: Thanks. When we look at it, when we look at the business long term, we stand by our adjusted 10% EPS growth using all levers of the balance sheet. We still remain confident on that. What I would say is based on what we see today, we believe those metrics move in, we see more business quicker. We continue to see all aspects, all macro markets, kind of the megatrends that we talked about in our Investor Day coming to fruition here. And when we look at backlog, when we look at what's in front of us, we see significant growth. I don't know how else to say it. It's significant. And I think it will continue, and our backlog will continue to set records. So that's what we see. We see it long term. We're looking into '24, '25. The company has great visibility against these macro markets and trends.
Duke Austin: Yes. I'll give you a little bit on renewables, and Jayshree will follow up. But I think what we see is clarity against the long-term PTC with the IRA. That said, as you see it today, you're still trying to get clarity against what it means. So while you see it long term, there's still interactions ongoing with your panels basically. And so as those panels -- or you're getting manufacturing capacity, you get clarity long term, your developers get clarity long term and you get longer-term PPAs. So it causes some issues. I would say, as we sit today, we would -- I would give you an example. We have 6 projects that we're waiting on panels. Everything else is done. And so it just causes some intermittency in the supply chain and in the work from a production standpoint. That said, we think that plays out fairly quickly here as we move into '23, but I'll let Jayshree comment on the rest.
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean we're in discussions constantly on carbon capture or hydrogen. It's very difficult on those type projects when you're crossing linear construction, you get permitting. And while we're talking about it, honestly, I really don't think about them. If they come, I believe those are those kind of plus 10% type things we talked about as megatrends. We'll view them as that. But the customer base that's building that is a very good customer base. So we have very good contacts with -- and we're certainly right in the middle of every one of those projects at the very front end. So we took a very long approach to hydrogen, long approach to carbon capture. We built carbon capture lines before. It's not -- it's the same in my mind as it is anything else. When you building pipe, you're building pipe, So whether it's water or carbon, whatever it may be, gas, we can build it. And I think our ability to do so efficiently and work collaboratively with the developers and our carriers make sense, and we'll continue to do that.
Duke Austin: Yes. I'm not sure about the earnout. We -- I'm not -- we had an acquisition. That's all that I'm aware of. There may be a small earnout somewhere, I don't know. I'm not familiar. I don't think, Jayshree...
Duke Austin: So I think one thing that was a comment, we did have a small release there or a release there in the quarter on some contingency. So that could have been what you saw. That was done, and we had contemplated that as we move forward. We take a pretty conservative approach to all of our projects. And when things come through, they come through. So that's certainly the way we risk base our project work and -- project work going forward. The main thing I would say is underneath, we're getting operating leverage by a portfolio approach across the company, as we said we would. We said that we can -- believe we can deliver at upper single digits in the segment. We're continuing to do that through operating leverage. So I'm really proud of that as a company, and this portfolio that we're putting up now is allowing us to pull through, to work through any kind of issues across the board for the most part on our macro markets, whether it be supply chain, tariffs. Whatever it may be, we can work through that through the portfolio as we've discussed before.
Duke Austin: Yes. I'll give you some color, and I'll let Jayshree clarify the amount. We talked about last quarter, Canadian project, one of them we've completed and worked through the claims. The second one is ongoing. So we're working through that. We'll finish in the second half of '23. I believe we'll make progress against our AR across as we start to complete milestones, as we start to get through documentation. It's a typical Canadian project, big project, takes a lot of documentation. And so we're definitely doing that now, and we expect to -- when I think about it from a sequence standpoint, we'll have multiple collections throughout and then work through the final there at the second half of next year. But we're making great progress with a collaborative approach. There's no issues, and I believe we take a conservative approach to all of our claims. And I'll let Jayshree comment on the amounts.
Duke Austin: And I would say, I was thinking through that earlier, just -- we're just not a litigious company. We get our stuff upfront, we build, we execute and we move forward. And then any kind of -- when we say claims or things like that, it's typically a collaborative process, and it's just not litigious.
Duke Austin: I would say, in general, the economic slowdown always impacts your new builds, your kind of new construction. Small piece of the business at this point, when you look at what's happening to modernize the grids and infrastructure, it doesn't rely so much on your economics. Again, it does from an interest standpoint at times, you could see some areas of constraint. But the way that carbon capture, batteries, EV, the way that, that's coming to market, it's different than it's ever been in the utility industry as well as all the renewable industries. If we're moving at a pace that we're moving towards a carbon-free footprint, your manufacturers of vehicles, chip manufacturing, the load growth that you're seeing will not allow a stop at this point unless there's significant change in the way we view carbon. And I don't see that happening. We have long-term outlooks. I mean we're looking at '24 or '25. While it might slow down a little bit, the offsets are much, much greater than any kind of economic offset at this point.
Duke Austin: Yes. I do think it helps. But what really -- the impacts are supply chain driven, such as transformers, for example, very difficult year for transformers, and that manufacturing capacity needs to move up. So we're seeing some of that come in. It's those kind of things that -- where work can get sequenced and normal cadence, it gives us more problems than any kind of inflationary impact. So I do believe we're starting to see those things get past us. I do think in '23, we'll work through the transformer supply issues. Your large AC/DC transformers are also an issue long term as you see the queues move up. I think the bigger clients, our bigger customers have it under control. The smaller ones are working through it. So just -- those kind of things, where your production and your -- we're growing over 1,000 employees a quarter at this point. That growth against not a normal cadence in supply chain does give you a little bit of issues at times. And the company has done a phenomenal job. Our guys and men and women in the field has done phenomenal working through any of those issues and stayed in a collaborative manner with the client.
Duke Austin: Thanks, Noelle. I would just say, in general, it's caused us issues. I can't really quantify it. I mean I think our margins are good. Can we do better? Yes. Is there some small issues? Yes. But I do think those things, it's mainly the growth against your employee base against the intermittency of supply chain coming in. It's those 2 things where they're not perfectly aligned where normally you would build against what you know from a supply chain standpoint, that -- the unknown and the pushout of 30 days, 60 days type things give you issues. So I think it's hard to quantify that in my mind, Noelle. I don't think anyone can. I would just say as an industry, we've been able to overcome it for the most part, and there is some upside if we get this thing resolved.
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean we bake in 3.5% to 5%. So you're probably on the upper end when you go through it now. And we typically are in multiyear agreements across the board. So I'm not too concerned with that.
Duke Austin: Not willing to give '23 guidance at this point. But what I would tell you is that what we see is a long-term robust market. We talked about Blattner having $3.5 billion in 2026. I believe that's pulled in. The exact timing on it, I'm not confident at this point. I got 4, 5 months here to get my head around '23. So I'm going to take every bit of it. That said, I would say the inbound calls, what we see, our pipelines, our growth trajectory across that segment, not just Blattner, is robust, probably the best I've seen in my time frame, in my career on a macro market. It's there. We're in early stages of an energy transition. We're sitting at the tip of the spear. And when you're there and you see it, you see it every day, the growth -- we're in '24 or 25. And we're not used to being out that far with our clients, trying to make sure that we can meet the demand of the industry. And I do believe we're doing a nice job of doing so. Once you get through the cadence on how quickly panels can get to the U.S. or how quickly the panel issue can get resolved in a meaningful way, not just American may, but in a meaningful way, and we have a good cadence on that, it's certainly much, much easier to give you commentary against it. So while the macro market's there and we could say outsized growth -- I don't know what the IRA and the way that it's interpreted at this point -- going forward in '23, I don't know yet. So until I can figure that out, I can't really give you good guidance on it other than to say it's robust. It's just a matter of how much plus-plus.
Duke Austin: I mean I think it's a couple of things ongoing. You have a storm year-over-year going on that's -- we're probably at $300 million versus $500-something million, $600-something million year-over-year. So you're down $200 million plus-plus, give or take, year-over-year as we have guided, which it does -- when you have those large storms in multiyears, it does give you some utilizations and things like that, which increases. That's one thing. The second thing is, as I've discussed earlier, when you're building people and you have 1,000 people per quarter you're training and you're putting out in the field, that against the supply chain disruptions doesn't allow you to be as efficient. And so you're having some disruption, but it's not -- to me, we're building out long-term relationships with clients, and we're not going to nickel and dime our clients against that growth. So yes, there is some pullback on that type of dynamic, but I do believe we're starting to see those things normalize as we move forward into next year.
Duke Austin: Thanks, Jamie. First one, we're not going to give 2023 guidance, but like theoretically, I'm not arguing with you. I just don't know, it might be better, it might be worse. So that said...
Duke Austin: It's somewhere in the neighborhood. So I can't see it. I'm not sitting here on a piece of paper -- I'm not going to give you guidance, but I would say your math is somewhere in there, plus or minus.
Duke Austin: I'm not jumping up and down, saying no, you're totally wrong, I won't say that. But I'm not giving you guidance, too. Okay. So that said -- no, on Blattner, when we look at it, I do believe those relationships long term, and that collaboration has gotten stronger as the demand has gotten greater because the client base is the larger clients in the industry. So as they either buy developments or they're looking long term and when their stated goals are very large, we need to be right in the middle of that long term. So -- and also how we look at interconnections queues, what can we do at the queue level from utilities, how do we help, how do we provide those solutions. I mean I think the company has really moved forward with those synergies over the past 6 months with Blattner, and they've integrated very nicely. I like where we sit, and I do think it's going to provide unique opportunities as we move forward.
Duke Austin: I can't give you exact timing. It's just we see it. It's there. It's coming. We're not going to pin ourselves down on exactly when, but I would say we see the significant growth throughout '23 as well as earlier. Some of the things that we're looking at now are earlier rather than later, but we also see things that are later as well. So I just think overall, when I said significant, we have significant projects, significant MSAs that are imminent for us in the first half of '23. So -- or the fourth quarter. I can't -- I'm not going to pin it down, but I can see it. I'm willing to say significant and talk about it, and that's not normal, obviously.
Duke Austin: It's not about like the projects. It's not the LNTPs. It's not the verbal awards. It's not the awards. It's clarity against the IRA. And what does it say, what exactly does it mean on panels, that clarity needs to happen. And you have just a backlog of panel deliveries, things of that nature on the solar side that has caused some disruption. And I think when you look at that against the backdrop of the jobs, the market, it's -- we can't give you clarity until we have it. So we need the clarity on the IRA and what that means against our developers' backlogs. And that said, the work and the jobs and our ability to perform them are there. So we're just basically waiting to get those kind -- that kind of clarity long term. But once we get it, I do think I said it in the call, there's some backlog that didn't happen in '23 from '22 that will go in '23. And then the outsized demand in '23 will come in. And so I do think it -- you have some in the first half, but the back half will be robust into '24 and '25.
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean I think we grow the business double digits plus. We continue to do so. We like where we sit. I don't -- I've said it before, we've invested in that organically. It's been a nice business, very little acquisition. I do think there's opportunities there long term for growth. What I would say, it's not regulated, and it's not predictable. And so I worry with the predictability of telecom. That said, the RDOF money, the monies that are out there, the amount of bandwidth necessary for growth in this economy, whether you look at self-driving vehicles, small cells, it doesn't matter, 5G, that's there, and it will continue to drive demand against the services we provide for the infrastructure. So the macro markets there, the timing of which is always moving around due to the nature of the business. So we're optimistic, but we will take a cautious approach on how we look at it, but double digits growth is there.
Duke Austin: I mean we can operate at parity. We're very close now. If not, in the next year, we should operate at double digits on a go-forward basis. But I would say -- I've said this before, the company in that market, we leverage our assets against gas, against underground electric. It doesn't matter. So the portfolio itself, if it means go do gas work at higher margins, that's what we're going to do. If it means go do underground electric at higher margins, that's what we're going to do. It would offset some of the telecom, but the overall company would rise. So I'm not too concerned with the margins at one single telecom, for example.
Duke Austin: I mean I think when you look at the gas market, LNG market across the globe, you see tremendous amount of demand, not only war driven, but in Europe and things like that. So I do believe you'll start to see some pipe to feed LNG. Also I think your carbon capture pipe will be there. That's certainly something that's new. Your hydrogen, there's a lot of money in the IRA against hydrogen, the development thereof. So that's there as well. It's still difficult to get permit, a piece of pipe. It just is. And the company has been in that many, many times. And I would say all that would be upside for us. We're thinking about it. We're on it. We're in front of it. Can I guide to it? No.
Duke Austin: We saw some maintenance early in the year, a lot of replacements, things of that nature. I do believe that you'll start to see that same kind of sequence in the first half of next year. You'll see some maintenance and things of that nature start to happen. They're going to run them as long as they can in high markets, and they'll see a bunch of maintenance. But I do believe the view there is longer than people think. Your 20, 30 years of refining capacity that you still are going to have to think about. So I don't think it's short term in nature. I think it's longer term. And we will see the plants that are in existence run longer. That said, they'll take more maintenance.
Duke Austin: Yes. I want to thank our men and women in the field, a couple of storms, tough environments, they performed really, really well, safety. And what they give for us every day, families -- being away from their families doesn't go unnoticed to us management team. I want to thank Jayshree for her first call, and I'm sure the stock is going through the roof. That said, I want to thank you for your participation. This concludes the call.
