Earl C. Austin: Yeah, Matt. This is Duke. I think, again, backlog, the way it takes us a while to negotiate some of these larger projects. So I don't want to comment on exactly when backlog will come in. It's a robust environment, bidding environment on large pipe, as well as other MSAs in the Gas segment. I think we will continue be opportunistic there and able to book work. I just don't know the timing on it as we move forward through the year.
Earl C. Austin: Yes. And also, Matt, the breakup in Canada in the second quarter is obviously something that we'll take into account. And the more pronounced Canadian economy being down will affect us there in the second quarter. So it will be more pronounced in the second quarter. But, again, our goal is to get the 10% to 12% range in the Electric Power segment over time.
Earl C. Austin: Tahira, I think that's correct. Again, there's the projects, and it's definitely in the later half depending on where the projects go. So, the third quarter, yes, it's setting up to be the biggest quarter.
Earl C. Austin: Yes, Tahira, I don't really want to comment a lot about it other than to say what we said in our prepared remarks is that, we are in the business in Latin America and in Canada and stay that way. And so as far as the strategy going forward, we'll update you as we go forward. But in general, we're always optimistic around things – or in line adjacent to what we do, and that's certainly is something that's adjacent to our markets we serve in different areas. So, again, we'll – and as far as what was said, I really have no idea other than to say that there is a public statement out there that has our whole buy-sell agreement in a website. So everyone can turn to that to look at what it says.
Earl C. Austin: And again, we continue to look at work throughout 2016. We're not stopping from that standpoint. We continue to bid and negotiate and look at work in 2016. But, like Derrick said, that should fill up what we said we would do.
Earl C. Austin: Yes. I'll take the last one first and just say, in general, we are always looking at adjacent markets and markets that our customers are driving us towards. So we feel like anything that we are going forward with would be an adjacent market or something that's strategic to us. We've stated many times that if we're going in something we think it has the ability to be a $1 billion business as we look long term. And again, anything you see us doing, that's where we're going. And we stated – we don't want to get too far on the strategy on any certain one of them, but that is certainly something that we are looking at to grow us into the future. As far as our end markets, our end markets that we're currently in today are robust. We are in the telecom market in Latin America and Canada, and it's a good market there as well. Our end markets today are robust and we're very happy with where we're at. And anything that we are doing on the outside of that is additive and adjacent and strategic to us as we grow the business out in the long term. And as far as what's in backlog and where that's at and our margins for the rest of the year, I'm going to let Derrick answer that.
Earl C. Austin: As we look at the electric transmission market, we see the opportunity on these larger projects. They are there. How they go about executing them as far as from small to large, it's really customer driven. It's all over the place on that. So, again, we look at it on all sorts of ways as far as that goes. But our capital budgets, our core customers in the market and IOUs continue to grow. We continue to see demand in that market. And from our standpoint we see it long term. The transmission backbone is aging. The way you're bringing renewables on and the way you need to move power across the U.S., is certainly a demand for transmission. So, we'll take advantage of small or large. The projects are there. We are going to adhere to our bidding profiles that we have in the past, which we won't win them all. So again, I think there is risk to the projects, we take that into account when we're bidding this work. And so we won't win all these larger projects, but there is the opportunity for us to win our fair share. And we like the market as we go forward on the transmission side.
Earl C. Austin: Yeah, I mean, for the most part we participated in the gathering market in Canada and the Marcellus. So, we don't feel the major effects of all the shells being down. But for what we did do in the Marcellus, it is off some. But certainly offset by the larger diameter pipe moving gas through redundancy on your gas side as well as just moving it across Northeast. So – and in Canada, we do have some projects there moving gas as well. So, while it is off some, I think the larger diameter pipe offsets that.
Earl C. Austin: Yeah, Steve, we're well into the project. And so we have not seen anything on the ground there that would make us think that the project would be canceled or delayed. We continue – I mean the material is there, the right-of-way is certainly getting cleared as we go forward. So I don't see any kind of disruption on Nalcor. It is remote. There is a lot of press in Newfoundland. So, again, we are cognizant of that. We are working with the project team and also we will be working with the new CEO as he comes in to make sure that we are both on the same page. And as far as where we are at, we are comfortable with our estimates on the project.
Earl C. Austin: I think the need for transmission remains, both in the lower 48 and Canada, especially when you tie in renewables and you need the backbone of natural gas. So the need is there. How the projects get developed and how they get out and when, is the key to it. And I think we are following all those larger projects, as well as the underlying need for the smaller transmission coming off the backbone as well. It's there. It's just how also the economy affects some of that smaller transmission as well. So, you have to take all those things to account. But saying all that, I would say, we're optimistic that the end markets transmission will be back and the larger transmissions will be back as we go forward. If not, we will adjust our cost. And again, historically we can remain in the 10% to 12% range for the long term and we view it a long-term business and we will be in that range, long-term.
Earl C. Austin: Yes, so we work with the ASO (48:05) there, who's our client on that project and we are meeting with them regularly, monthly, and we feel like the project is on track to go. It may expedite a little bit, but as far as we are concerned, it's on track and everything that they are telling us, there is a need for the reliability in Alberta. So, we will be getting started on that here later in the year or early 2017.
Earl C. Austin: Yes, I don't want to comment on our competitors. Obviously that's in the marketplace and everyone knows kind of what's out there. What I will say is that the capital markets are there. We are talking to all of our customers about solutions. The risk of large diameter pipe is certainly evident in there and we understand that. When we acquired Price Gregory, we acquired them for that reason. Their expertise in large diameter pipe and the risk associated with it. We feel like we've got the very best management team you can get in that area and mitigated those risks and feel confident in our ability to execute on large pipeline projects. As far as the risk that others are willing to take, we can't control that.
Earl C. Austin: Anything, any business that we do adjacently will take the margins into account and make sure that they're inherent with what we believe is appropriate for the risk we take as well as our capital. So, we'll take in those accounts when we look at any kind of markets we are in, so if we move into that market, we would look at those things before we moved.
Earl C. Austin: What I would say about FERC 1000 is, in general, it gets a lot of press. It's more about just merchant transmission, I would say, and just to say that there's a lot of things going on within our industry around merchant transmission and whether they go or not is very difficult. We are around the edges on all those large transmission jobs. We are involved in them, we see them. But again, it's our core business we are focused on, on a day-to-day basis and driving margin to our core business and that's what we are focused on, while we are around the edges on all the rest and the markets are good with or without FERC 1000.
Earl C. Austin: Yes. I mean, so natural gas – what we're really seeing is in natural gas removing natural gas. And it doesn't have anything to do with the price of oil in our mind. For redundancy to export LNG in places, various things, Northeast, you're going to have to have backbone gas to support your renewable infrastructure, and so that gas, the movement of it, is going to be there. It's economical, and so we'll continue to see that movement. And as anything – when the market gets constrained at what you can do and the people that can do it, obviously the terms get better. We try to take a fair approach with the customer in good and bad times and negotiate a fair contract for us both and get the right kind of risk associated with it in any contract we look at. But we're in this for the long term. We're not trying to – we want to be in here forever, so again, we take that into account when we look at these contracts.
Earl C. Austin: Good question. From my standpoint, we're going to focus on our core and look at our core businesses, what we're really good at, which is people and equipment. When we look at these adjacent markets, I think we've done a nice job over time of being able to create value for our shareholders in these markets. We do have a one-off project, that's more than a thorn to me, but it feels like a stick. But we are going to get that straight up in Alaska; we feel like we've got that at the right, we're set there, so at the right outcome and also with the customer. What we're going to do on the Electric Power side is, we were in solar, we were looking at that and our customers, all of them are building some natural gas, so again adjacent market, our customer was driving us that way. We'll make sure that we negotiate good contracts when we look at those projects and have the right management team. We have brought in a seasoned management team here at Quanta on that project, so we're comfortable with where we're at there.
Earl C. Austin: Yes, again whether you look at it from a large standpoint or a small standpoint in transmission, we do see both kinds of projects all the time. It's more about the capital budgets in the transmission market of our customers, and all those capital budgets continue to be robust. And so whether it comes out in a big large project or one that's divided into three, the project itself and the need for transmission is still there. And we see both, we have large transmission in our backlog, such as the one in Canada. We continue to bid on projects such as the clean line Northeast clean RFP with Eversource. That's also something that we're looking at. If that goes, it changes the way the big versus small, but again, there will always be intermittency between big and small as we move forward. It's more about the whole capital budget and how we look at it internally. So we're focused on returning our core business in the Electric segment to the 10% to 12% with even small or large transmission.
Earl C. Austin: Yeah. And I would say that geographically there's always cycles in the market and, by no means, the projects in Canada are there. It's just about when they come online or when we start bidding them. And we can't tell yet where that's at due to the regulatory environment there, but the demand to move both gas and product from east to west, and also if they look at some clean energy standards, you will see some dynamics go on with renewables there that will need transmission. So it's a robust bidding environment right now in Canada. But you just can't tell when it's going to move.
Earl C. Austin: Yeah. Our priority is to focus on our core business and to return our margins back to what we expect. But as we look out from an acquisition standpoint, we will be strategic in how we make them. Again, we don't necessarily have a footprint today of a list of people that we're out trying to get or some certain company that we are after to acquire. It's more about just finding adjacencies where we can leverage what we already have and make it much larger. And we're also looking at ways we can grow organically. It's not just about us looking at acquisitions or enhance our shareholder value, if we don't grow. So, all those things come into play when we're looking at our strategy.
Earl C. Austin: No, again, we try to fill a strategic area if we make an acquisition through adjacencies or whatever it maybe. The customer is also asking us to do different things, so we look at that as well. So all those things come into play. But I would say in general, we watch how much acquisitions we make in one part of the business versus the other. We want to be – make sure that we are geographically as well as service line have a lot of variability in our service offerings.
Earl C. Austin: Yeah. So, let me take a little bit on the pipe. Again, we've said in the prepared remarks, we'd be on more projects than any time in 2010. I don't want to really get into spreads, because I think it's a loose term and I don't want to try to define that. But again, what we said is, we'll be on more projects any time besides 2010. So, it will be robust in the pipeline market. As far as again, there's some fires in Canada. I know everyone's seen that in the news. We're worried about our workforce right now and making sure everybody's safe, and they are and our customers, and make sure their employees are safe. So we reach out to them right now and try to get that, that's our first and foremost what we're after today and into the week. But I don't foresee that being an impact to us. It would be minor if it was in the second quarter. And I think the rest of it...
Earl C. Austin: Australia, we did pick up a line in Australia, a condensate line and so we're happy with that and our guys in Australia are executing on that as we speak.
Earl C. Austin: Yeah, in general, when we're talking about projects in guidance, we take into account most of the regulatory issues. So those have been taken into account. As far as where they're at, we're not going to get into the details of the projects at this point, other than to say that we think we'll be executing on them and we'll be on more mainline than we have since 2010, and we'll continue to say that. So, that's kind of where we're at on.
Earl C. Austin: I'd like to thank you all for participating in our first quarter 2016 conference call. I also want to thank my family for supporting me in the role and the guys that are with us on a daily basis out executing work. Thank you. Thank you for your interest in Quanta Services and this concludes our call.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. From a trend perspective, I think what we look at is that, inclusive of the charge that you'd have margins kind of progressing through the year. You're right that the first quarter margins without that charge are higher. We had some actually good weather this quarter throughout, had very good production on a number of projects, transmission and distribution wise, so that did come in a little bit higher than what we would have thought or had expected for the first quarter. But, in general, we're going to stick with our overall 8% to 9% for the year because as we move forward through the year, we still have some of the pressure of lower contributions of large transmission work as compared to 2015.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah, Dan, if you recall, in our last conference call, we talked about we had anticipated some of these awards to come through to fill the gap, and this is actually the closure of that. So it did just effectively fill the gap. We have no uncommitted large diameter work in our current forecast as it relates to meeting the midpoint. And then some of these projects still get rolled over into 2017. I mean, only roughly a little over half of it is contributing to 2016. So, as it stands here today, we're not looking at doing anything from a guidance perspective. To a great extent, we continue to be cautious about how the timing of these projects would go. And mainly it's associated with potential delays, and we're definitely trying to take that in consideration overall relative to our expectations.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, I mean, we have capacity, Dan. We're not at capacity on either side of it. Canada is probably softer than the lower 48 at this point in gas. But, we still have some room to book. We'll be cautious about how we go about it and where it's at. And again, the way the regulations are working with the state and federal getting involved in all these larger projects, we're pretty cognizant about how we talk about it.
Derrick A. Jensen: Jamie, overall, more specifically, I'll start with Electric Power, we are seeing a lower margin profile, but it has nothing to do with the bidding environment or the way we are approaching bidding. I mean our margins in backlog from a bidding perspective are comparable to what you've seen in the past. What you've got, though, as we face the rest of 2016, you have a lower contribution of on larger transmission work. And those carry higher margins, so you have a higher complement of the smaller transmission work, which bears a little bit lower margin. And then in addition, the Canadian economy overall has put pressure on the margins on the electric side there and we are factoring that into our expectations for 2016. So it's not a pricing or a bidding environment for us, it's really just the kind of the complement of the work that's contributing to 2016 versus what you've seen in the recent past. Also actually you made reference to the project that we announced that is not in backlog. At this stage in the game that's also not in our expectations because it's not in backlog either at March 31, or in the second quarter. We've not place that project in backlog at all as of yet. And then still yet and relative to the pipeline side, we are mobilizing on a lot of jobs all at the same time here into the second and third quarter and to that end, that bears a degree of risk and we've tried to take that into consideration in our margin expectations. Mobilizing on that much work, you want to be prudent how you think about the execution profile of that. Lastly, as you mentioned, there is a degree of the timing of when that work falls. We try to be prudent with that, looking at how in the past we've had projects move from one quarter to another for some delays, inclusive of the fact that we anticipate some risk that projects could move, to a certain extent from 2016 into 2017, so we've tried to be prudent across both of those to take into consideration the environment we are working in.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah, as it stands, I'd say that Canadian revenues are probably going to be somewhere in the 15% to 20% range. They're down a little bit as compared to what you've seen in the past. And then relative to costs and efforts there, I mean, a larger portion of what we're looking at from a margin perspective is focused on the Canadian operations. And in fact through the latter part of 2015, the largest reductions in cost have come out of Canadian markets. So, we are very focused on ensuring that we'll be able to position that market to be comparable to, or complementary to, the efforts that we're taking to be able to get the margins back into the profile that Duke has spoken about. As far as the movement of people and equipment, we do look at that regularly back and forth between Canada and the U.S. It's all obviously very economic and market dependent and oftentimes job dependent. So we take advantage of that to the extent that we can, when the opportunity presents itself based upon the individual projects
Derrick A. Jensen: Bill, I'll add a little bit from the second quarter, I mean we do have, as Duke mentioned earlier, Canadian breakup to deal with and so that will – and probably see a little bit lower margins in Electric Power side from first quarter to second quarter. But more broadly, and to the other weather impact, it's too soon to say as to how the aggregate projects move, but we'll be mindful of the weather relative to the overall margin expectation.
Derrick A. Jensen: Well, first a clarification that we have no uncommitted large pipeline projects. We do have uncommitted work in the Oil and Gas segment associated with the remaining portion of the business, the distribution work, integrity, things like that. But then to that end, I mean, if we have no uncommitted that means everything is currently in backlog that we would anticipate to execute on relative to the midpoint of our guidance on that large diameter pipe.
