Duke Austin: Hey, good morning. I think when we look at the Telecom business, we did call it out [Indiscernible] we're operating from mid single-digits instead of upper-single to double-digits when we looked at it. So it's not performing terrible. It's not where we want it to be. The macro market is very good and robust. The closeouts on a few projects are very difficult but the large majority or the vast majority of the business is performing in those double-digit margins and offsetting anything there as minimal, as we said on the call, from a charge standpoint or really just cost standpoint when we close things out. We'll go from there, but I do think we added backlog. We continue to build backlog in this segment. We see a long runway there and we did start up some wireless capabilities, it has some cost in it. In general, incidental to the Company, incidental to the segment, we like the market long-term, we will get into double-digits there over time. Canada, when we looked at Canada, I think in general, the projects are performing well. We still see some COVID effects there to the Delta variant on some of those projects. There is some delays in getting billing cycles, billing points there as we run through a project, I think. So that it's more of a billing issue of when can we get things build versus any problems with the project or charges. We did not take charges on Canadian projects. We performed very well. And the storm, yes, it did have a positive effect to the electric segment. It does when we get storms like that, it was up a little bit bigger than last year from the standpoint. Fairly large storm for us, I think it shows our collaborative effect with the client, how we've got in and work our front-end services, we're still working the storm for our clients. It just shows the longevity of the Company and what we've done on the front side of the business to collaborate with the client, to get things up faster, to do a nice job there for them. And I think we performed very well there. Offset, but it did have some impact on some of our underground segments as it always does when it comes in. So you get some offset and you also come off some larger work to go pick up storm. So those things offset some in the quarter.
Duke Austin: [Indiscernible] I think if you're just now trying to scale labor, you're long ways behind. We've spent about $150 million over the last 5 years and we're way ahead of that. So in my mind, we've done that. We've proven that we grow the Company, that's who we are. This is craft skilled labor, and not labor. In my mind, we self-perform about 85-90% of our business for a reason. And it's this reason, when you get tight labor markets, we can perform, we could perform on time, on budget, and give our client what they're asking for which is certainty. And we're doing that on a daily basis. That's why we're collaborating, that's why you're seeing expansion. As far as productivity, I'll put our margins up against it and show the growth of the Company, the growth of our internal labor force. The 3,000 or 5,000 that we add every year to that labor force is proof that we can do it, we can scale it. We are scaling it and the productivity speaks for itself, and the margins.
Duke Austin: Yeah. So on the DSOs there in Canada and our likelihood. Canada has traditionally had larger DSOs and projects are bigger. Some of the time frames in the way that milestone billings go in. It's typically been this way. We have a high degree of confidence and probability in collecting outlet. Derrick, comment on the DSOs.
Duke Austin: Both projects with longstanding clients, we have great relationships with that I believe ultimately, we're in very good shape. We're quite confident.
Duke Austin: If you said 2,5 to 2,7, we standby it. We standby today. We know more about the Company today than we did when we talked about it before. We feel highly confident in those numbers. And I would just say, in general, yes, there is some supply chain noise, is what I would call it, and I think us having the breadth of Quanta, the breadth of Blattner is only from my standpoint helps us to add to who we are. It adds to how we can go execute. And I want to also say, when we think about Blattner and we think about this long term, we're looking 20 years and we've given guidance out. Not only do we stand by the 2-6 2-7 that we've given, which also gave a 2025 guidance of 3.6. We stand by that even more today.
Duke Austin: Yes. So Luma, we expected noise in the headlines. I think we've said that from the start, and as you transition to these large transitions on an island, it does have some noise to it. We're performing very well underneath the governor, the government is very much behind it. What we're doing is the right thing. We will transition that all into a modern system. We're doing so every single day, you can't get the payments on the upside of those payments until we get into a full contract which doesn't go into a full contract until bankruptcy's declared out of bankruptcy, and then it goes into a 15-year contract. But as we stand today, we are in a contract that just has not started on the 15 years until they come out of bankruptcy. There was some favorable rulings on the bankruptcy proceedings in the last week or so, I believe. Really good stuff going on underneath, a little noisy on the top, primarily around the generation which we don't control. I feel confident in our ability to perform there and what we're doing for the people that [Indiscernible]
Duke Austin: I look at it like this. I saw [Indiscernible] most of our clients either add to their $20 billion of backlog over time, of what they're going to build in the CapEx and OpEx over the quarter. Almost every single one of them added to what they're trying to do from an energy transition. The large projects may get headlines and people want to talk about them. We're right around the edges on every one of them. They are additive to anything we said. The 85% of our business that still exist today, is -- the MSA work, those capital spend, there's undergrounding, what Energy said yesterday on [Indiscernible], those kind of things and with the tight labor supply. So any headline you're reading or what you read into something on large projects. It's not affecting the underlying business in our growth trajectories. We've given good guidance on that. The 85% mid-upper single-digits, you can look at our track record over the last 5-6 years and see what it looks like. I expect that going forward.
Duke Austin: I think you're going through energy transition, as we said. And I think the sentiment around North America and around what we're hearing, even in Canada, you're seeing more and more transition. And as you go into EVs, as you go into your renewables coming on, and you are also doubling load over time. And I think that's the unknown, is people don't understand that you're doubling load, and you're going to a carbon free fuel source. So as you do those things, you're going to need hydrogen, you're going to need tons of renewables. And I think in order to do that, you got to how transmission and we're sitting in very, very good spaces in all these areas. And it allows us through policy or without policy, we'll continue to see that sentiment move forward. That's what we see. I do think when both the five and plan. The plans that we've seen are additive to anything we said.
Duke Austin: And good morning, Jamie. I will take a little bit of [Indiscernible] and I'll let Derrick comment on the numbers. But in general, what we see is, we see an increase in that business in the fourth quarter a bit. I would say you have a higher oil price, so they'll be reluctant to do much in this environment. But as we go into next year, we see a real strong turnaround year. We believe that the business is coming back meaningfully. I feel confident in the next year on the business, but I'll let Derrick comment on the fourth quarter.
Duke Austin: I think it's more -- from my standpoint, we're trying to deliver cash to the bottom line. And the returns, as far as capital, those kind of things, we'll operate in the same kind of profile we have in the past on the Electric segment. Blattner is additive from a standpoint -- from a CapEx standpoint on a return basis. So I -- they're accretive.
Duke Austin: No, I don't think so. When we look at it, we're really just thinking about it. It's part of the segment and much like you would think about LNG when you're moving LNG or you're doing things. Really what you're seeing is the transition of infrastructure, where our role is in this infrastructure transition as we move into the future. I mean, I think we just sit right in the middle of it on anything you can think about is that transition. Whether they need -- they're going to need pipe to move it and they're also going to need pipe to move hydrogen and into blend into natural gas, and I think when you start blending that, you have different infrastructure. So all these different things that we're bringing into the markets: batteries, EV, renewables, technology with 5G, all those things are certainly where we sit. And as we sit in the nucleus of that and we think about it, as we think about Blattner and where they sit in all this, that transition is something that Quanta is really focused on from a labor standpoint, a technology standpoint, and how we help and collaborate with the client, not only from where they're at today, but how they transition. So at the very front end of that is where we're playing and it's early in hydrogen, I do think there's going to be a significant amount of opportunity going forward. But we're already seeing where turbines in power plants on gas are starting to blend and even spec, hydrogen to some degree. So it's going to be a piece of the nucleus of how you regulate and keep the grid balanced. The bigger issue with the grid is to balance it. Signed, when, and then the balance thereof so hydrogen will play a part in it.
Duke Austin: Yeah, I'll comment on the -- as far as the commodities, we are seeing some escalation in commodity pricing. It has not affected the business, it's not material. I think our scale, our ability to move from project to project, while one, they delay, others are coming in, I just -- the amount, the macro environment there, that's part of the reason you want to scale. And then our renewable business or any business that we're in, we want to scale. Scale allows us flexibility, allows us flexibility with the client. And also our buying power. I mean, when you look at Fleet and how will we manage through Fleet, there's constraints to others with Fleet and our ability to really work with the client, work with our customers, and our suppliers on that has given us really, what I think, a competitive advantage going forward. I'll let Derrick comment on the rest.
Duke Austin: I would say our commentary on Blattner on the numbers that we've given you based upon us and whether we are going into next year or not. [Indiscernible] any supply chain issue, we are highly confident in those numbers.
Duke Austin: Yeah. No, I would say to our Canadian operations, I think were probably the most affected with COVID, certainly. And when we look at it, we look at it going forward and we've started some nice projects up there and I think we're in from a good shape on the GAAP side. And as far as on the electric side, we had commentary around that and obviously we've got -- the health and safety of these employees are what we're really focused on, to make sure they're safe every day and we've given them great mitigation and great plans to be safe. We've done that through the Company and have not missed work yet for two years. And I fully expect us to operate right through it and we're going to work with our client on any mandate there may be in geographically or holistically.
Duke Austin: We like the business long term. There's mandates around methane gas release, cast-iron replacements. We've seen some great stuff with hydrogen coming along and we really like the business on the underground. But I want to go back again and say it's a portfolio. If we can build underground electric with gas carriers, that's what we're going to do. We're going to go and really consolidate offices, leverage our capabilities in the field as some gas operations will be performed in underground electric. I'm not really worried about it from the segmentation standpoint. In my mind, we're going to fully utilize our people with the highest impact on the profitability of the Company. And I -- that's what we're focused on, whether it be Telecom, Gas, Electric, some of the equipment is like type of people for the most part, are very much like type. So we can operate throughout our portfolio of our service lines. If we do it properly and leverage our capabilities at the field level, which is that's what this Company is focused on, it's driving the margin of the whole.
Duke Austin: It's a complicated dynamic, whether you go green hydrogen. It's just hard. I would say it's corrosive, it burns hot. There's just that it's different. And I think when we think about it, we're working with the client. And in your early stages, it is a part of the solution. And everybody -- we're going to have to regulate the grid, the load is that we get curves in the load and that load regulation is a big deal and especially without interconnections and the difficulty building transmission. While we talk about it a lot, it's still difficult to build large projects and the underlying underneath has to be very, very robust. And so you get a lot of smaller projects and you get a lot of other things that you can do. So I do think hydrogen is just a piece of what we're trying to accomplish as utilities go into their transitions in this renewable state and are you going to build the transmission as well? It's going to stock on top, it's just a timing thing.
Duke Austin: I think when we looked at it, we had some ongoing M&A. And I think that remains to some degree. We've never been out looking for acquisitions. When companies come, they have a strong need forum in a region and I think we've made very good ones and very good acquisition. Again, we're not looking forward. We just made $2.7 billion acquisition and we're going to be prudent about how we manage this Balance Sheet. And I've said all along, we will generate cash and pay down debt. And that's part of who we are, but we're not going to walk away from great companies. We don't feel at all like we've stretched this Balance Sheet given the fact of the macro market and what we see. While we are -- well, I would say yes, will probably tap the breaks a bit. Certainly, we are not going to pass on companies that we believe add value to the shareholders.
Duke Austin: I think when we talked about that last quarter, when we were in construction on some in Canada today. We're opportunistic there. We can operate that business quite profitably. We're just not, in my mind, we decided not to invest in it and not to continue to invest. So that's a little bit different. We can still do a billion dollars in the business, we can do $2 billion in the business from what we have today. So we don't have to invest more in capital. We have the people, we have the things that we can do. As you look at carbon sequestration and all the lines there and all the things that are coming up on hydrogen, it certainly plays into the business and we'll look at it. We have the capabilities entirely. We'll continue to take the opportunities that'll stack onto anything we're doing. Whether it be Canada, the U.S. but there is some nice projects out there and then certainly around the edges on every one of them. But we're not going to take the risk that it's not something that we have to have. And when we guide, it will be $3 to $500 million. I can almost tell you right now. And that's what it'll look like if we do $2 billion great. We'll let you know.
Duke Austin: It's all of the above. So I think when we look at it depends on where you are at geographically, but certainly all of the above [Indiscernible], escalate. We've seen undergrounding certainly come about in a significant way. Those two things are there. I think what's underappreciated is the amount of infrastructure and the modernization necessary on the distribution system to handle the load of [Indiscernible]. When you start putting these cars' batteries on at night and on the distribution load of what it does to the system, I think it's underestimated on the cost and the amount of work that's out there, capital that's necessary to get these systems ready for electric vehicles. I just -- in my mind, it's just underappreciated.
Duke Austin: When we look at Blattner, I reiterated guidance pretty firmly in the '22 and talked about $3.5 billion to $3.6 billion in '25. The commitment there, we're really looking at megawatts, not projects. And the projects are certainly there if we decided to start, say, the reward we got. I just think it's not valuable to the shareholder nor is it productive. What we're saying is Q6, Q7 next year and $3.6 billion in '25 of top-line [Indiscernible]. That's how we see it. That's how robust it is. So it should give you a good idea of what we're seeing as a Company and how we said and depending on the future in the renewable business. In my mind, that shows where we're at and I think, again, the awards are there. We're certainly with the client, talking to them on a multiyear basis, not just one job. So that's their offshore. It's expensive. I think we have clients that are certainly, have their plans around offshore and we're certainly in there as far as interconnections, things that we we're good at we'll do. But primarily, as it comes on [Indiscernible], I just -- but I've said this a floor, but we have had bad luck with boats and I'm just not a boat fan.
Duke Austin: Double-digit EBITDA on Blattner. As far as the Telecom, we've talked about it in length. I think, in general, what I would say is, the closeouts in the end, as far as engineering closeouts and things like that, and then some descoping us serve clients on their builds, created some effects in projects, We're still working with the client. We will do our best to claw stuff back. But if you think about it, if we get $200 million and we did 6% instead of 10%, it's $6 million, something like that. It's just -- it's not big numbers for us long-term and I think we're not seeing big effects to that as far as margins and we will get them in the double-digit ranges. We're operating for primarily in those ranges. We had some projects early on that are complicated and it's an Industry issue. It's not just us, so it's something that we're all faced with and some closeouts. And I think we're in the late stages of those closeouts and you'll start to see it get back into double-digits.
Duke Austin: First, I really want to welcome the people of Blattner and certainly the culture there and then the people in the field, the people that pay our pay checks. Thank them for what they do every day. And storms were tough. Our people perform extremely well through the tough environment down in the Gulf Coast and certainly the families lost lives and [Indiscernible] to there, it's tough. Our guys did really well and I'd like to thank all of you for participating in the conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. Close our call.
Derrick Jensen: Yeah. Exactly. What I would comment on is that from a timing perspective right now. I think it would be post year-end, which is reflected in our cash flow commentary. I think it is probably going to be more in the first quarter and second quarter of next year.
Derrick Jensen: I was just going to say, relative to the fourth quarter, I think it would be slightly profitable, which is what we have said, that they could be back and returning into a degree of profitability overall. That group is at slightly north of $500 million for '21 going into '22. I think we see it having the ability to start to return to the degree of normalcy that we talked about in the past. Those numbers have been north of a $700 million number. I don't know quite yet. It's too early to comment as to whether we'll get into those type levels, but I think we'll definitely see an increase. And we would see that it would be largely returning to some of that historical profitability again. I want to see how this fourth quarter plays out though.
Derrick Jensen: I do believe there is potential for that. Yeah. We are already [Indiscernible]. It will be [Indiscernible] guidance, so we'll see how it starts perform. But yeah, I think in the range of the guidance you'll could see that. As far as the electric power segment, I think when we put stronghold in -- when we put stronghold in, I mean, we see a double-digit margin Company. And as we look at it going forward, we believe that the segment will perform in those areas. Obviously, as we go into '22 we will be prudent about how we guide as we always are. We've got to get through whether we have a lot of [Indiscernible] performing in the field. And I think in general when we think about it, the business is healthy. It's in a good secular macro-environment. We really like where we sit. We think we're doing great things collaboratively. And anything that Blattner has is added to us. And again, their culture and what we're doing internally as far as melting together and looking for opportunity, I can only say that I feel stronger about it today than I did October 3rd.
Derrick Jensen: Yeah, sure. Partly, it's only a partial quarter contribution that we did not acquire the Company exactly at the quarter, so there's only a part of October, so that's a component of it. Two, exactly. It's unfair to annualize a given quarter much like it is on Quanta. We have a degree of seasonality. You can't take any given quarter and annualize that. There are movements of projects and seasonality. That is still yet the case as well for Blattner and any of the companies that we acquire. We still yet feel very comfortable with the 2.5-2.7 original guidance for Blattner irrespective of this quarter contribution. And then lastly, there is a bit of just [Indiscernible] at starts and stops of projects, affecting the number. And then probably the last point that you raised is that we have been trying to be a bit prudent with the contribution because of the fact that we have, just outflows the transaction, we got opening balance sheet work to do. Looking at how some of that opening balance sheet will play out to the rest of those contracts. So 4 or 5 different factors there, but net-net, we feel very comfortable still with 2,5-2,7 annual '22 contribution.
Derrick Jensen: And one other point I guess is that to the extent that there's anything for fluctuations in the timing of Blattner and any of that would be, from a supply perspective, could lead to projects pushing to the right at any given point in time. Not necessarily in our minds impacting a profitability type dynamic but could push things around. But having said that from overall seasonality, I think I'd probably say it's reasonably similar to our overall Electric power operations. Probably really a little bit lower in the first, rising in the second, stronger in the third and in the fourth being either comparable to or having a slight decline, depending upon the timing of any of these supply type dynamics. But largely, I think I'd say it's similar to our historical electric power patterns.
Derrick Jensen: Actually, some of the other COVID dynamics were a little bit in Canada, London, Australia, and then yes, in some of the industrial side pressuring it, not really so much on the LDC side. I think we're seeing normal operations for the most part on the LDC side. And then from a margins perspective, we're continuing to see that comparable to what we've been speaking to, trending towards getting into that upper single-digit overall as we go forward. We feel confident in our ability to [Indiscernible] that with LDC operation.
