Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks, Mike. For us, when we look at the customer base and when we think about where we’re at and where the industry sits, I think – it’s a great time to be in this business and its growth. We see growth. We see load growth at the customer level as an industry. You have trends, megatrends that are really pushing on interconnections and EV penetration in the distribution systems. So from our standpoint, at a philosophical level, you have a supply and demand issue, and you have a significant amount of build necessary for infrastructure. So the macro market is great. As far as the noise, I believe, look, from my standpoint, what we said, we’re trying to provide solutions to our clients, we get pushed into a contractor, which were not, we provide the solutions. And our customer bases are much different than you may hear from others on calls. So our customers are different. And the way that our customers view the markets versus others is different. So they don’t have tax equity problems. They don’t have some of the problems that you hear, and we do a really nice job of talking to them and collaborating with them about where we’re going, not where we’re at. And so that’s the difference is. We’re ahead years of planning and with these clients long term versus what you may hear in the market over the next 30 days, 60 days, 90 days, we’re talking decades. So I really feel comfortable with where we’re at. I feel comfortable that the industry will solve the issues. Yes, there’s some affordability issues running around and you’re hearing about it. But this industry will solve those issues.
Duke Austin: Yes, Mike, we’ve worked on the acquisition for quite a while and also philosophically, how to help our customers with supply chain. So I think in general, Pennsylvania Transformer, U.S.-based domestic product, that really fits the goals of the interconnections, the queues, the larger transmission substations that are necessary to facilitate renewable load growth. When I look at it, when we think about it, yes, we can. It’s not a manufacturing play for Quanta. It’s more of a solution to the client. So, I wouldn’t expect us to go out and buy 20 transformer companies. What I would expect us to do is add capacity to our facility. It’s a one million square foot facility, one of the biggest in U.S. So we’re able to really add to it. And I don’t – we see some investment in it to get productivity up. Yes. We can – we will increase – there’s some component lines that we’ll start making that are about 1,000 days plus that we have the IP on. So there’s some things there that we can do to really enhance where we sit as a solution provider in the industry.
Duke Austin: I mean look, I think we price it the same, honestly, the customer – our customers may be passing on PPA pricing and things like that, if that’s what you’re asking. But as far as from where we stand, we’re on 60-plus large-scale renewable-type projects that are like we said in the past, are moving up our revenue. So I feel like it’s – we’ve got really, really good customer base that we’re supplying, and they continue to build their backlogs and they’re not having tax equity problems and things of that nature.
Duke Austin: The company itself, the revenue size is over $100 million. We’re not going to disclose purchase price. I’m sure you can find it in the K. So – but in general, it’s really not about the manufacturing capacity. It’s what we can do with it, the synergies we can get with it with the client. We can add some production fairly quickly.  It’s an underinvested facility. We will put some money in it. I don’t see our capital structure changing at all. And next year, we don’t need to do a lot to the facility. So I feel good about the capital deployment in there and the productivity lines and things like that, the things that we can do with the manufacturing facility. So I like that part of it. It is booked pretty good in 2024, 2025. And so it will be about us getting more productivity out of it and really working with our clients on what capacity looks like in the future. So that’s what we’ll be working on and putting that into the way that we provide the solution to the client.
Duke Austin: Thanks, Neil. When we look at our customer base, we’ve said all along. We work for the top 10 developers as well as the utilities and the world for that matter. So I feel good about where they’re at. I feel good about where they’re going all of basically the trends and what we see from backlog as well as opportunities continue to grow, both with the utility business as well as developer business. I go back and say, we look at our portfolio that we put together, we’ve derisked it and then we’ve also said we could stack on to it. The company has grown in 2021. We’ve grown 16% in 2022. We grew 30%. This year, we’re expected to grow 18%. So I don’t think we have a problem with the customer base. I think we are doing really nicely. We are working on margins, as Jayshree said. But that said, sequentially, when you look at quarter-over-quarter, we said there were some cadence issues in our renewables or some cadence issues in the jobs. It’s not a margin issue, it’s a cadence issue. And every single quarter, we’ll get better. We expect to operate in double digits next year.
Duke Austin: I think when we look at it, we still feel comfortable with kind of the model that we put together. It’s way too early to give guidance on exactly what that will look like. It would be a disservice to you and us. But I do expect us over time, had the opportunity to operate above double digits on the EPS line at times, and I feel comfortable with the opportunity next year to operate in double digits.
Duke Austin: It’s – I see when we look at the market, it’s the best it’s been in our career, and it’s all about the macro market demands. People are underestimating data centers and the loads on data centers, they’re underestimating EV. You’re up to about 7% of new car sales into EV globally. That’s a big number for everyone. Your interconnections, you’re even on batteries just to make the batteries and the demand on the power cycle there. So I think all those things are underestimated when you start looking at where the business is going. And so for us, the long-term nature and the megatrends that we see continue to compound, you can delay some things. It’s really – for us, it’s really worrying about the ultimate customer and affordability at the ultimate customer level and how do we help our clients and help the ultimate customer get a cost price that makes sense. And as you see, as you get leverage across what you’re building with more demand, what you’re seeing 3% demand almost every single place has at least some demand growth, load growth, that load growth itself is really, really enhancing what a utility can spend on capital. Obviously, the market’s a little constrained there on the capital markets, but the demand is outfitting supply. So it’s some timing in places. But like I’ve never seen where we see so many things at once coming at you from a macro market. So we’re real proud to be in this business. And look, I get up every day and happy about me in here and trying to execute on the work that we have. I think that’s the big thing is just execution at this point.
Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks for the question. We’re very deliberate about no boats, no water. So we’ve been there, done that. We’re not involved in anything offshore other than onshore approaches and some we will help others onshore to fab or whatever it may be offshore, but we’re not in the water at all and have no exposure really to offshore wind other than transmission that may be built onshore.
Duke Austin: I do think you can push some things out. I mean you can – EV penetration is not there so you cannot plan and have interconnections at the distribution level. We’re seeing some where our crews, for example, are working 60, 70 hours, you’re working 50 hours, but you’re not losing crews, you’re just working less hours and you’re seeing some of that in the fourth quarter where we have crews that are just working 40. And that’s fine, but we’re adding crews as well. So really, as you move into 2024, they move capital budgets up, things look better. I do think load growth will exceed what most people think, it really helps with higher interest and costs. So I think we can get through that as an industry. The only thing is if you had like crazy interest, and I don’t see that coming. I do believe we’ve kind of stabilized there and utilities either. You see some that are selling assets to put it back in the regulated business. But look, you have a duty to serve and you’ve seen in California where they have like 120 days to make interconnections now by law. That’s going to come – it’s going to be prevalent across the country. And I just don’t believe that you can delay interconnections nor can you delay queue and the queue is coming out of everyone, and we’ve got – as an industry, we got a plan a little better. We’ve got to do some things, and we’ve got to get in front of this. And then you can’t be selective in urgency here. We’ve got to get the planning done and the work done for the next couple of decades. So we feel confident, yes, you can have some bounces along the way, but we’ve always said that there’ll be starts and stops a bit, but the CAGR itself will continue to drive the market for long term any kind of delay you have just means it’s pent-up demand, it’s coming at you. So we feel good. We feel good with our customers and our conversations have been. You may not see them grow capital 20%, they just grew at 15% or from upward levels, but I don’t – I’m not seeing much pullback at all. In fact, I’m seeing more growth to capital with our clients.
Duke Austin: Yes. We’re not giving guidance. So I’ve given the buzz all I’m going to give. And so we’ve talked about the opportunity to grow double digits. I think that’s there. We can stack on at times. It’s too early to say. The models that are out there, I don’t know what’s in their Kip or Jayshree can go look at it, but I didn’t look at it, I just feel comfortable in the double-digit, talking about double-digit margin growth at this point opportunity for that as well.
Duke Austin: I think they’re both growing, and we stand by the state of margins to operate in double digits. We certainly have the opportunity to operate in double digits in the renewable segment as well as the Electric segment at upper singles in the UUI [ph] business, very much like we started – we’ll be prudent about how we guide. So you can expect us to guide prudently in 2024. I do – we do see growth to 2024. So the same approach we’ve taken for the last eight years, seven years will be taken going forward. As far as the mix, it’s still running mid 80%, 85% base business, something like that. And I believe that will be there. But the large project dynamic certainly there, we’re seeing multiple fronts of large projects. It will be early, but we do believe that is starting to stack a bit.
Duke Austin: Look, we’ve always said we can get leverage out of the UUI margins. Our industrial business is probably a record year this year. We still like the industrial business a lot. So the margins have picked up. We have got levers. We do move back and forth. But I caution everyone again that this is a portfolio. This portfolio moves around, and you’ve got to look at it as a portfolio. It derisks you down at the bottom. That’s why you’re not seeing the blips at the bottom. Now you’re seeing double-digit growth. And again, I’d caution that if we get into this segment discussion, it’s these crews go from electric to gas to telecom and we should perform well in all of them. And our goal is to make sure that the company itself grows and our margin profile stays sustained over time. And that’s the portfolio we’ve built to derisk the investor as well as provide opportunities for beyond double-digit growth. And look, we’ll talk about the segments, but I go back and I point to 18% top line growth, still performing at high margins across the segments, and we’re delivering double-digit EPS.
Duke Austin: Yes. I think it’s where you started on all your renewables. We kind of started early in the year and late last year with multiple large projects there. So as those – and we booked all the way through, still booking. So you’re getting a better cadence in the larger project dynamics. So some of them are finishing up and so that allows us to obviously look at contingent releases, things like that in the fourth quarter in the renewable segment. So that’s what you’re seeing. And you’re also getting scale out of that business as well. As you go into 2024, same thing, the cadence, you are starting some larger line projects on transmission there. And so it will have a little bit of effect, but you don’t have Canada coming in, things like that. And I can let Jayshree to comment on the rest.
Duke Austin: Yes, Steven, I would also add that we talked about 3,000 add last quarter, we added roughly 4,000 in this quarter. So we’re up to 56,000 employees adding 3,000 on cadence per quarter is not easy, and it does press a bit. So I’d just caution some of that’s in there. And as you start working through that and you get good cadence with it, we can absorb a lot.
Duke Austin: Yes. We’re operating really well in the electric segment. I mean, over time, I’ve always said double digits, 10%, 10.5% with into 11%, between 10% and 11% is our comfort spot and we’re operating at those levels. Canada is a drag. We’ve addressed a lot of things there. I think in the next year, we won’t have the drag this year. So pretty optimistic with some of that. We are getting some utilizations in the Lower 48 with some Canadian influence. But in general, we can do a lot of things on the front-end engineering. We can do a lot of things from our Canadian assets in Lower 48. So we will be utilizing them here in those assets. So I’m comfortable with where we sit in the next year. We do expect and we’re still negotiating some, but I feel confident that the larger project dynamic will start stacking in 2024, albeit early, but you’ll start to see some stocking in 2024. 
Duke Austin: Yes. First, I want to thank our 56,000 employees out in the field that put the numbers up every day that work hard and safe and allow us to have a good call this morning. They’re dedicated shareholders as well. So we do appreciate them. And I’d like to thank you all for participating in our conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta. Thank you. This concludes our call.
