James F. O'Neil: Noelle, this is Jim. I think it's a good mix of both, both segments. So it's probably 60-40, 50-50. It depends upon how it plays out, but it -- but we expect large opportunities in both our Electric Power and Oil and Gas segments and also believe, geographically, it will come from 60-40, 50-50 U.S. and Canada. So it's a good diversity of geographic and across both of our segments.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, there's a mix. But certainly, we are having more advanced discussions with customers that take us away from our traditional bid-and-buy mentality and moving more towards negotiated-type, multi-year programs that we talked about in my remarks, more complex, larger, multi-year programs where there's more shared risk. So, yes, the contract terms would be improving in those situations.
James F. O'Neil: Well, Tahira, I just -- we're in various stages of negotiation, which gives us the comfort that we can make those types of comments in our press release and in the script. So they are advanced discussions, many of them in the contract stage. And we're having discussions with these customers exclusively. So that brings us the confidence that these programs will turn into backlog sometime in the near future.
James F. O'Neil: And, Jamie, on your third question, I would say, yes, overall, you will see better contract terms than we have historically had on these larger, more complex, multi-year programs that are going to come out here in the coming months.
James F. O'Neil: I would say that in the electric segment, to answer your other question, we continue to see man hours increase in that segment. There's an opportunity certainly with my comments about backlog growth. Certainly, I think that there are clear opportunities for us to grow revenues in this segment from this point.
James F. O'Neil: Well, certainly, we've always had those discussions in the past with customers. But the opportunities are more today than they have been in the past because these programs are becoming so large and complex. And the scope and scale and expertise and your track record is extremely important. So we are seeing more opportunities for FirstEnergy-type relationships than what we have seen in the past, going forward.
James F. O'Neil: Alex, I think that, as we leverage our fixed costs in that business and as the labor workforce continues to tighten and as we continue to take over more of the service offerings, not just provide maintenance services but more asset management and distribution, which there's clear opportunities to do that for many of our distribution customers, that your margin profile will approach that of what we make in transmission over time. So one of the big misnomers is that when we do more distribution, that our margins will erode because it's not as profitable as transmission. That's just not the case. We think that margins will improve as distribution continues to unfold over the next several years.
James F. O'Neil: Well, we've been saying for quite some time that we believe that activity in mainline is going to accelerate in the second half of this year and certainly into '15. And we believe that one of the big opportunities for us to increase revenues will be in that segment and in mainline in the second half of the year. So as far as trying to equate how many spreads we're going to have out or how many jobs or what that looks like from a revenue standpoint, I would say that it is a -- I would just say it's a significant increase in the second half of the year than what we've executed on in the first half of the year, which is typically seasonal for that type of business. I mean, the business typically starts ramping in the second half -- in the second quarter of any given year, and third quarter is where you really get a lot of good production because that's when you have your better weather during any calendar year.
James F. O'Neil: Well, Steve, in the past, we've said we've taken a prudent approach on guidance and we tried to bake in any impacts to the breakup, so that we don't have any surprises. I mean, we have a significant amount of activity going on in Canada. We're probably on 4 or 5 major projects in various phases. Also, we're very active in the Northeast U.S. So it's -- and projects are in various phases. Some will be completed throughout the year, some are multi-year projects. So -- but I would just say that the message from us is that we've tried to bake in any effects of breakup production issues in the guidance that we provided to you.
James F. O'Neil: Well, we had several awards, I believe, in the second half of last year. So we've had a quarter here where we have had not much activity, but that's not unusual. We do think that there are -- from a dollar standpoint, there's many opportunities out there in the -- that could be announced in the next year that we've never seen before in history. So it's still a very active transmission market in both the U.S. and in Canada. And certainly, we see opportunities for growth in the Electric segment, which is being driven by primarily transmission.
James F. O'Neil: Yes. Rule of thumb -- I mean, you've got engineering materials in that number. It's probably less than that. It's probably in the 35% to 40% range, but it could be as much as 50%, depending upon the customer and how much the material and engineering dynamic is.
James F. O'Neil: Individual transmission projects, at average, over $100 million in size. We have been consistently running between 16 to 18 projects. We were on the same number of projects in the second quarter of last year as we'll be on the second quarter of this year. And we don't anticipate that number moving in the near term. We think it will hold at that level.
James F. O'Neil: You know, Craig, I look at this almost like our utility-scale Solar. We're opportunistic there, and we take advantage of the opportunities when they come. I can't go out to say that we're going to be a 20% growth or double-digit growth year-over-year for the next 2 years in that business because the opportunities are spotty. But when they come, like the one in Alaska that we announced earlier this year, we're certainly excited about the opportunity to build those programs, and -- but I can't tell you whether that business is going to have a steady growth profile to it or not.
James F. O'Neil: On most of the electric projects, they would -- many of them would start in '14. And some of them are multi-year bid, multi-year programs. I would say that probably half of the ones that we're looking at are multi-year programs and half are probably -- will take a year to complete.
James F. O'Neil: Pipeline is probably the same, maybe more a multi-year component to them than one-off projects. But there are some projects that are 3 or 4 months that we're looking at potentially being awarded, and there's also some multi-year programs that we're looking at as well.
James F. O'Neil: Yes. I wouldn't say so much acquisition opportunities per se. I would say that the market itself is extremely active and continues to provide opportunities. And it is going to grow at or more than what the segment is projected to grow at. So we're pretty excited about that. We're being prudent in our approach there as it is -- relatively, it's an adjacent market. I would say that more of our acquisition opportunities are in our core business. But there are certainly opportunities offshore, and we're going to take advantage of those as well.
James F. O'Neil: Yes. I think, like I mentioned earlier on future work, that we're looking at the ramp at the end of '14 and into '15. We're in the very early stages of this ramp-up. So I think what's been done historically is different than what we're going to see going forward. And the projects going forward, I think, overall, you're going to see better contract terms on those programs.
James F. O'Neil: It's a mix. I mean, you could get better contract terms to where you're sharing downside risk, it could be some cost-plus programs, some are fixed-price with the floors on risk sharing. So it's just a mix of things. But overall, though, there's more risk sharing between the customer and the contractor, especially on the multi-year programs.
James F. O'Neil: Well, we believe that distribution will grow at the same pace that transmission is growing. It's probably -- I mean, obviously, distribution is a smaller part of the segment, but they should both grow at the same percentages over the next couple of years. The competitive environment, we're on many customer systems. We've been on many customer systems for years. It's -- most of that increase is our existing customer base increasing the number of crews that they have working, our crews that are working, because they just have more work to do. And we have won a couple of new distribution contracts from new customers, which is part of that growth as well. But I see distribution and transmission growing at the same rate, which is double-digit growth opportunities.
James F. O'Neil: I think, mostly, we're being -- we're involved more with the customer from planning these programs from a constructibility standpoint. We have the resources and the scope and scale to accomplish these large-scope projects in the timeline that they need to accomplish them. We're providing a broader solution to these customers to give them more predictability that their projects will get finished on time and on schedule, where others have had issues doing that. So when you provide more solutions to a customer than a discrete service, the opportunity to -- for that customer to see that value creates the opportunity for us to make slightly better margins on those programs.
James F. O'Neil: Well, when you take over more -- you're going to take over more risks when you take over more of those services, providing solutions. These projects are more complex, so the contractor does have more risk. But we do believe that, that risk is mitigated. We have an excellent track record since our inception of performing electric transmission programs and don't anticipate any issues. The more risky your project is, whether it's in a more environmentally-sensitive area or a more difficult geographical terrain, the further that differentiates us from your competitor because you are taking more risk. But we like that, we do that very well and we believe we mitigate those risks very well also.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I would just like to thank all of you for participating in our first quarter 2014 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you, and this concludes our call.
Derrick A. Jensen: Tahira, this is Derrick. Relative to the second quarter, I think, if you recall from our previous conference call, in the year-end discussion, we had talked about the fact that we had to see how the weather effects would come out and looked at how those things would impact our overall production for the first half of the year when considering what we would be looking at for our margin profile overall, as well as our view towards the second half of the year. So, yes, there was definitely a degree of that factored into our original guidance as to what would happen here in the second quarter. The breakup went a little bit longer, so there's a degree of probably a little bit lower view into that second quarter than maybe we had at year end. But we still think that, as we look at the rest of the year, we'll be able to make that up in the strong performance for the third and the fourth. As it relates to the acquisitions, the acquisitions were slightly accretive to the first quarter. However, they were baked into our original first quarter guidance so there's really no difference. They were contemplated in our forecast. And overall to the year, all acquisitions, we look for them to be some level of accretive, and we do believe those acquisitions are contributing to the year at some degree.
Derrick A. Jensen: Dan, this is Derrick. Relative to the high end of our range, I mean, there's a degree of uncommitted that is in the high end of our range, kind of, specifically on mainline pipe. But there's always uncommitted across the whole spectrum. So there's additional awards that we'd look at that will be needed for us to get to the high end of the range. As to speak to how much is that and/or how much more could happen and whether that would allow us to exceed, there are a lot of dynamics associated with those awards. We need to look at getting them and then getting them in place and seeing at what point in time we can get to an execution stage in 2014 before we could really comment as to whether it causes us to increase our guidance or not.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, all of our acquisitions in the first quarter were baked into our year-end guidance from our last conference call. The difference, as it relates to the impact, is that a big portion of the electric power acquisitions were subcontract work. And so therefore, there's a much less impact on the backlog component. So that's why you see a larger impact on backlog on the pipeline side.
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. On the margins itself, seasonality within the pipeline group is going to remain. And so, we would always expect the first quarter seasonality impacts to be such that margins within that segment will still be -- we would anticipate the lowest margins for the period. We improved our margins this quarter versus last quarter. I mean, if you adjust for the charge, I think you'll see something in the order of magnitude of kind of a 4% margin within the segment, which is greater than the 2.8% we made last year. So we did see improvement. We expected to see some degree of improvement. As we look to the rest of the year, I think we can continue to see improvement similar to what you saw last year, with each of the following quarters having a degree of upward movement. And I would anticipate that that's the type of seasonality you'll see on a go-forward basis.
Derrick A. Jensen: There was nothing that was particularly unusual to the Electric Power margins in Q1 from the standpoint of an unusual item. I mean, that came in 11.3%, which, as I commented just a second ago, to a certain extent, the long winter and the prolonged freeze helped production in a lot of the northern climates, and it's -- and so, what's happened is that some of that's otherwise pushed to second quarter. As the breakup and thaw occurs, that will impact us on the productivity more in the second.
Derrick A. Jensen: Steve, this is Derrick. The reality is, I think, that we typically expect the second half of the year to be a more productive period for us. Our -- from a seasonality perspective, the third quarter tends to be the largest revenue period. We still anticipate that as of today. Typically, the fourth quarter falls off a little, which we still anticipate today. But I think the combination of those things, from a total volume perspective, will well exceed what we see here in the first and second quarter. And as part of that and it's typical that, that leads to our ability to have higher margins, both because of the volume, as well as the fact that those weather dynamics allow us to typically have an expanded margin profile. So I think we'll still be very much within the margin profile that we've talked about. We -- in the last quarter, we talked about Electric Power being able to be in that 10% to 12% margin range, and we still believe that, as well as on the pipeline side, that on the upper end of the range, we'll be able to see margins at -- to get within that 9%. So that, I think, is still very similar to our guidance that we provided previously. So we're comfortable that those -- that profile can still exist in the second half of the year.
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. We typically stay away from providing free cash flow guidance. I can tell you that, I think, it's got the opportunity to be comparable to 2013, but it's highly dependent upon the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter of last year, we had a very strong free cash flow because of the timing of roll-offs, starts and stops of projects, et cetera. But the weather dynamics, the -- any of the individual acquisitions, project starts and stops, a lot of the work that -- opportunities that Jim has spoken about for new awards and the timing of those can impact. So I caveat it heavily, but I think you can see it's possible for it to be comparable with 2013. We -- from an acquisition perspective, we still consider ourselves to be highly acquisitive. We've done a number of acquisitions up to the end of '13 and even in the first part of this year thus far. I think that, overall, for '14, we could see acquisition dynamics, while somewhat comparable to 2013, both from a contribution of revenue and total number of acquisitions and spend as far as cash and stock split, is probably somewhat comparable. As to the -- where they'll fall, we continue to be opportunistic, both on whether they're Electric Power side or the pipeline side. I think that you'll see that they're probably going to be within those 2 segments, for certain. But we're going to approach it opportunistically, and I don't know that I could say where you'll see a greater number of acquisitions between the 2.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. The backlog for T&D from acquisition for the first quarter was relatively minor. It was about $25 million. And then, storm, we did a little over $30 million this quarter, which is comparable to the first quarter last year.
Derrick A. Jensen: No, I think that most of Jim's commentary has been about the opportunity for organic backlog growth of -- for the remainder of the year. That's where we think the vast majority of our backlog growth will potentially come from over the next 3 to 6, 9 months. And then, relative -- from an acquisition perspective, the backlog contributions varies. As an example, like I said, the first quarter, we had minimal backlog contributions because some of that stuff was subcontract-related versus the contribution directly from the acquisitions.
