James F. O'Neil: Well, Tahira, right now, we're seeing so much momentum. I think it's just -- getting resources is becoming more challenging, even though we are the preferred employer in the industry because we pay the best wage and provide our folks with good equipment to work with. So I think that would be the biggest challenge. I mean, we have momentum in our business. Going forward, the timing of projects is the challenge and the regulatory environment, while it's not as big an issue for us overall because we have so many projects going, trying to determine when a project is going to start, if there's a slippage of a month or 2, it could impact our forecast. But other than that, we're continuing to see momentum going into next year.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, there's going to be big project awards, there are big projects in the pipeline, and we're excited about that. But I think one thing that's really not understood is the small transmission market. The regulation that's driving the NERC compliance standards and the coal switching to natural gas, these are all going to be smaller segments of transmission, and that business is very, very active and is going to remain very active, and I believe in a growth mode for quite some time. You look at CREZ, I mean, CREZ is built. It's a big transmission project but you have to think about all the laterals and interconnects that are going to be built off of that. And in total, the amount of money being spent there is far more than what CREZ is. So the small transmission market for projects that we don't typically announce with a day-to-day work is very active, and that's over half of our business. And we expect the big transmission market to be active as well. So it's a really robust time in the transmission business, and I still think we're in the early years of a major transmission buildout.
James F. O'Neil: I think the relationship, too, Adam, when you look at the fourth quarter -- I mean, first off, 12-month backlog is the best indicator of our business going forward. It's at record levels, it's strong. So that's an indicator that the next 12 months, we should see growth in our business, although we're not willing to quantify it right now. The fourth quarter guidance, we've got seasonality in the fourth quarter, we've got weather risks, the risk that projects will get pushed into the next period, we've got holidays, we've got this storm going on right now. So we think we can do better, but we're going to shoot the ball down the middle right now and give the guidance that we have. And hopefully we will do better, but we don't want to take a risk because of all of these factors and the fourth quarter being seasonal, primarily because of weather and holidays, that we have an issue hitting guidance.
James F. O'Neil: No, we haven't. From a comp standpoint, the third quarter in distribution was probably a tough comp at [ph] third quarter '11, but I mean, we're still seeing close to double-digit growth for the year. And really, we haven't seen any slowdown as many of the utilities are spending money on reliability. And that trend continues despite that we're in an election year. So we've been pleased with what we've seen so far, and we expect that trend to continue going forward.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, well, I don’t want to give any names, Alex. I mean, I think that the current environment is, for our customers, that they're under more pressure to get projects done on time and underbudget or on budget, and it's very important. And we had more discussions with people that we haven't traditionally worked with in the past, and we believe that there will be opportunities that we'll execute on because we have the capabilities to get their projects done, on time and on budget. And we have the resources to do that. You will see some new customers for certain in '13.
James F. O'Neil: I would say that for '12, all of our work was shale-related, and we've done very well. I mean, we established a presence about 18 months ago, and from that point, we've built momentum. And we've gotten more volume and better margins because of that. I wouldn't think that a 50-50 mix next year would be out of the question. But that's not going to be 1 plus 1 equal 2, so we're going to have to probably be 1 plus 1 equal 1.5. But we will have some big pipe opportunities next year, and it could be a 50-50 mix potentially, big pipe versus shale work.
James F. O'Neil: No, Will, we haven't seen that. I mean, these EMP guys that we're dealing with, they're not going to shut rigs down for a quarter and then start back up in January. That's inefficient. I mean, we continue to see the drilling rig count on, particularly on the horizontal rigs in the liquid-rich plays, the count continues to be strong, and we haven't seen any pullback in that activity.
James F. O'Neil: Well, it's 50% of our transmission business, and it's growing, if not the same, more than what our big transmission business has grown this year. It's significant, and it's going to be here for several years. And our customers are just on the very front end of spending money to comply with NERC reliability standards. And then on top of that, you've got FERC 1000, you've got -- which could impact us in '14 and '15; you've got the coal switching to natural gas projects, which is going to be 30, 60-mile type segment lines that need to be built off of new gas-fired generation that's going to be in the small transmission categories. So we've got a significant amount of opportunities in the small transmission market that's being driven by regulation. And that's going to help pipeline, too, because you're going to have to build gas pipelines, compressor stations, pump stations and all that, so that's going to really support our pipeline business as well. So it's all good stuff, good drivers right now in our business.
James F. O'Neil: I can just tell you that the same drivers in the U.S. are in Canada today as far as both electric transmission and on pipeline. And it's a very active market, and we're well positioned in Canada from a competitive standpoint to take advantage of those opportunities as they present themselves. Really in almost every province in Canada, there's opportunities. It's the same progress that we see in the U.S. It's just about 18 months behind the activity here in the States.
James F. O'Neil: I would say it's as tight or if not, tighter in Canada than it is in the U.S. So everyone's going through a skilled labor, both the pipeline industry and the electric industry are going through labor shortfalls right now as the demand continues to increase for the services our customers need.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, Andy, you can't take one project and think that, that's going to set pricing for the industry. I mean, it's a very regional dynamic and it also depends upon the size of the line, the scope of the line, what geography, what type of geography we're in. So we're not going to win every job. I'll tell you that our philosophy on pricing hasn't changed, if anything, prices should go up because the demand for our services continues to increase. So I wouldn't read anything into us winning -- not winning a project that everybody had circled for us to win. I just think that you can't do that. The pricing dynamic in the industry still continues to be very strong.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think that Energized Services is going to be more important to our customers going forward. The NERC compliance work is going to be an important driver for that business. When you have 1 transmission line into an area that needs to be upgraded because it's not in compliance and that the customer can't or it's not cost effective to acquire a new right-of-way or take the line out of service because the customers will have interruptions for too long of a period of time, so this is a perfect application in technology that becomes cost-effective at that point to utilize. That's why AEP is using this technology. So again, upgrading this older infrastructure having 1 line in and out of the load center, it gets to the point of right-of-way issues and everything else. It just makes it a lot more cost effective and more efficient for the customer to use this technology going forward. So we're pretty excited about the opportunities we have for Energized Services in the future.
James F. O'Neil: Howard Energy is going along like we expected it to. The investment is giving us opportunities. The Eagle Ford is very early in development. And we are seeing engineering and construction opportunities, not only in the Eagle Ford, but in other areas because we've leveraged our relationship with Howard to do work in the Marcellus as well and in the Bakken. So we've been very pleased with that relationship and that investment, and we expect more opportunities to come out in the future as the Eagle Ford, in particular, becomes more active.
James F. O'Neil: Well, we've said we should be in the mid- to upper single-digit operating income on shale gathering work alone. And we've been moving toward that target over the last several quarters. If we were to bring in some big pipe into that mix, some large diameter pipe, we should be able to move into that 9% to 12% operating income range.
James F. O'Neil: No, everything has moved according to plan over the last -- since the last quarter, we haven't had any delays to speak of. Nothing meaningful.
James F. O'Neil: A hurricane is a little bit different than a tornado or an ice storm, we get a little bit of pre-notice, so we did have almost a week to prepare and batten down and secure our equipment in the core services that we provide in the area. So hopefully, we'll be okay there. I mean, we haven't been able to go in and completely assess the situation to date. We were also, at the same time, able to move a significant amount of resources in and pre-position those resources prior to the storm arriving so that we can have an expedient response to the storm damage that occurred. So in both cases, both from our core business and helping respond, too, to repair the damage, we had some ability to move in and do what we could before the storm arrived. As far as the margin profile, I don't even think we need to go there right now. I mean, certainly storm margins do come in at a higher margin, but are these resources coming off existing work we're doing for those utilities we're responding to? Are they coming in from Canada or the West Coast? And then what ultimately is the impact, negative impact, to our core business in the area? So it's just too early to tell what kind of margin impact we're going to have at this time. But certainly, by our fourth quarter call, we'll be able to give more color around that.
James F. O'Neil: There is less seasonality even though I don’t want to discount the fourth quarter weather seasonality. There's seasonality in the amount of work that you do, and there's seasonality due to weather. The work's steady right now. The fourth quarter is very active because our customers are still trying to get infrastructure in place and there's no let up. With that said, that means that you're really moving with one customer from project to project to project, so you're really working on a negotiated basis. They don't have time to go out and do an RFP on every project, and they certainly don’t want to deal with the new foreman and workforce every time they bid out a new job. So they're very comfortable with their working relationship with us. We've been working for 6 to 8 of the same customers and just going from project to project to project, and the work is steady and we don’t see any see any let up on that work going forward. If anything, it's increasing.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, certainly, we think there are more opportunities to do outsourcing work and program management on reliability of projects that are being driven by FIMSA [ph] regulations. There are opportunities, that's one of the biggest areas I think that we have, working off a smaller base, of course, but that's one of the biggest areas of growth for us, as the integrity and the pipeline rehabilitation work that is going to occur throughout the country. There's a role to be a program manager in many of those, and certainly some outsourcing opportunities are possible.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, our customers -- the spending is there. I mean, we've got significant pipeline of opportunities and backlog going into '13. So there doesn't seem to be any pull back from our customers on capital spending in either the electric -- or electric, pipeline or Telecommunications markets right now in our customer base. Things look to be very active going into '13.
James F. O'Neil: I think the bidding season is modified somewhat during this time. I think that you really don't have a bidding season right now. I think it's just -- it's on an ongoing basis. And it really -- you may not have projects go to a formal RFP. It may be just a negotiation process because some of these projects are so big and our customers are concerned about capacity. So I wouldn't be focused so much on a bidding season on big pipe this year. I think it's going to be a different dynamic, not to say that it won't moderate back to a bidding season at some point in time. I do think -- we do think these programs get built, whether it's in the latter part of '13, the mid of '13, the latter part of '13 or into '14, a lot of that's going to do to the regulatory environment and when these projects get approved, these liquid lines [ph] get approved. But it's going to be a very robust market. You can see the capital spending going into the refinery space, and the EMPs really aren't letting up on drilling these wells and building this gathering infrastructure. So the next logical step is to build these pipelines, and we do see visibility and traction online to getting plans [ph] moving toward construction in the -- over the next year or 2.
James F. O'Neil: Yes. I mean, I think what you're seeing is that we're in the height of the stimulus buildout right now, and we think that our business will continue, the Telecom construction activity will continue at high levels through the better part of 2013. But the significant portion of what you're seeing is stimulus buildout that's occurring due to customers in underserved areas.
James F. O'Neil: Yes. I mean, I think what we've been saying is we've got about 1/3 of industry capacity to do large diameter pipeline across the U.S. So it's about 1/3.
James F. O'Neil: I think it's possible. I think it depends upon how compressed a construction cycle we have, how many customers are we going to be [indiscernible] are going to be building pipe for at one time, or does it get spread over a 3 to 4-year period. It's going to be a very active market. Can it reach '08 levels? Yes, but that's yet to be determined as to whether that will happen or not.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think, the Marcellus was the first shale that really was developed and we've been there for 18 months, and certainly, we're doing a lot of work there. But we've got a presence there now, so we're well-positioned to take on additional customers if we're able to do so. The same goes for the Eagle Ford and the Bakken, which are younger shales as far as development, but opportunities will present themselves there as well. And then you start talking about new shales that haven't even really been developed yet, like the Utica, the Niobrara, the Granite Wash, the Mississippi, and it goes on and on. So it's a life cycle, but we will continue to build our presence in the shale and take advantage of those opportunities. And we should see growth over the next several years, building out gathering for some work.
James F. O'Neil: I'd like to thank you all for participating in our third quarter 2012 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Derrick A. Jensen: 12-month backlog, overall, I mean, over the next couple of quarters, typically we would just run it about the 65% range as far as backlog as a percentage of revenue, as that relates to '12 and going into '13.
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. The absolute dollar amount for storm for the consolidated basis is about $81 million for the quarter. And then relative to your question about closeouts, I mean, we obviously have starts and stops of all the jobs, but there was nothing material associated with any impacts for the quarter forward for those starts and stops.
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. I mean, capital allocation, first, is the -- obviously, a working capital to support the business, but you can see this going on here versus the second and third quarter type of cash demands. Second, capital expenditures. And then third, to investments and acquisitions. We did about 10 acquisitions over the last year to 1.5 years now, and we've continue to be active in the -- and opportunistic in that area. As it stands right now, we don't really comment to future acquisitions and the timing of when and how large and whether they will occur. But we've continued to be active and opportunistic.
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. Your -- I would agree that, I mean, typically, DSOs do decline in the fourth quarter because of the seasonality as revenues also drop. But particularly in this fourth quarter, I think it's pretty difficult. The storm work that Jim alluded to is an example. We're uncertain as to yet as to the type of volume that may occur from that and the timing of what that would be and how long. And so, that could be a pretty big draw of cash. Secondly, as I made reference to the Sunrise change order as an example, the timing of the collection of that, we're striving to achieve the collection before the end of the year, but as to whether that occurs by 12/31 or into the following quarters, a little bit difficult to say. I would say that we, overall, expect we'll have a strong free cash flow in the near term. It's just difficult to say whether that will occur by the 12/31 timeframe or not.
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. I mean, last year, we had capital expenditures in dark fiber, of about $17 million, and this year, we have CapEx in the segment of about $45 million. And so, what we believe will happen as Jim alluded to that the pick up in sales K-12 has been a little bit down because of the economy, and that's picked back up in some of the double-digit sales that you see. And we think that will turn back into revenues in backlog in the future as we end up delivering on those networks.
