James F. O'Neil: I think it's neutral, Alex. I mean, we have [indiscernible] costs that typically go into our POC accounting. So I mean, if it is a little bit negative, it would be immaterial. So it's neutral. I mean, I think the important thing is that we continue to have momentum and we're able to fill any burn with backlog in large transmission projects going forward.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean one thing you guys don't see are projects below $100 million, and a lot of our smaller projects continue to accelerate. I'd say our small transmission market is growing faster than the big projects. And that's our everyday work, distributions growing. Every aspect of our business has growth in it today. The big projects, we had a light quarter on awards, but that -- I expect in the third quarter, we're going to see more activity there. So I feel very confident that the backlog will be strong as we go into '13.
James F. O'Neil: It will be. We only have $13 million in storm revenue in the second quarter. And the storm work that we started on here in the third quarter was significantly more than $13 million that began in the first week of July. So I can tell you with confidence that storm revenues in the third quarter will be higher than in the second.
James F. O'Neil: Dan, it's really just better visibility. I mean, we're in an election year, we didn't -- we did hedge a little bit on timing on some of these project starts. But we're getting better visibility that these projects will start on time. And it's really just visibility between what we see today versus what we saw back in May.
James F. O'Neil: Well, the good thing, under Duke's leadership and trying to shift resources into these gathering fields, which we moved into that initiative about a year ago, now we're well established in these liquid-rich fields. That works almost like an MSA work. It's recurring revenues, and it is profitable. And the second quarter's a good example that we don't have to have any big pipework to gain profitability in that segment. So we expect that work to continue, that shale-gathering work. There will be some seasonality due to weather in the fourth and first quarter, but it should be more predictable going forward. Any big pipework would be incremental to that. Because those are lump-sum type projects, the margins on large pipe are 400 to 500 basis points higher than what we experience in the shale-gathering work on an average basis. So we're very excited about where we're going with the segment. Everything that we expected and communicated to you guys is playing out as expected. And we do expect to be profitable for the year in that segment. And I look forward to good things next year.
James F. O'Neil: Not a whole lot right now, Will. We think that'll play out over the next -- probably be more significant 2, 3 years from now, even into 2020. I mean, it's a longer play for us. I mean, the main thing is that the rule will drive coal switching to gas primarily. And while those rebuilds are occurring, whether it's a rebuild or a new gas plant that's being built, transmission will either be upgraded or will be built new and -- but we think that will play out over a longer period of time. But certainly, it will be incremental to our business.
James F. O'Neil: We're seeing capacity just tighten overall in that market, both union and nonunion labor. And it is presenting opportunities for us to get the pricing that we aspire to have in that business even in nonunion markets. So I did make comments in my script that capacity is tightening and we do see that continuing in the shale fields today. And we expect that will continue. And once big pipe construction moves forward in a meaningful way, we think we're going to be really tight. The industry is going to be really tight in capacity. So the momentum that we're seeing and -- our expectations are very positive for that segment.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I think we did have some weather impact in the second quarter. So I think margins should be just -- should be a little bit better than what we experienced on a go-forward basis provided we have good weather. We should be closer to the mid to upper mid single digit operating income with just shale-gathering work. And I think we did 4.5% for the segment. Other than that, I think, going forward, if we get big pipework in the mix, we should be up in the 9% to 12% range. And I'm sorry, I didn't catch the second part of the question.
James F. O'Neil: We look at spreads in 2 ways. One is equipment, and one is people. And I would say that from a personnel standpoint, we're fairly utilized in the shale-gathering work right now and in Canada. As far as spreads are concerned, we do have some underutilization on some of our specialized equipment for big pipe. But other than that, our equipment is being utilized fairly well on the equipment that can be used in both big pipe and in shale-gathering work. So I would say overall, our utilization is pretty high right now.
James F. O'Neil: It's broad-based across the country right now. I mean, it's NERC compliance standards that all of our customers have to meet. And those went into effect late last year, and we're starting to see momentum there. So we expect that will continue -- it's a multiyear trend. And it's a significant amount of work that needs to be done. So it's -- the day-to-day work, the $5 million, $10 million, $20 million, $30 million projects, but there are some specific requirements that NERC has put out that our customers need to meet, and that's driving a lot of our construction activity today.
James F. O'Neil: Renewables will be strong this year, particularly solar, as we take advantage of -- our customers take advantage of the 1603 tax grant that expired at the end of last year. So we do have significant activity. We will experience strong double-digit growth in solar this year and renewables overall. And I expect that, that trend will last into '13. Beyond that, I think a lot of it has to do with what state RPS does because federal subsidies are expiring, but for the foreseeable future, it's going to be a very active business for us.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, I think last year, we said we had about 10%. And again, we don't measure this segment. There is some gray line between small transmission and large distribution. But it's not a bright line. But I would say that we're experiencing close to 15% to 20% growth in distribution year-to-date, compared to 10% year-over-year last year over the prior year. So distribution does continue to accelerate, and we're real pleased about that.
James F. O'Neil: It has to do with extreme hot weather, NERC reliability standards, pent-up demand because distribution has been at very low levels. Distribution mainly has been at low levels since '08, and it's really catch-up. So it's also housing. Housing reports over the last quarter have started to turn, and we do have some new housing starts. So it's a combination of different things, Jeff.
James F. O'Neil: I think the midpoint of our guidance is consistent with the approach that we've taken since the first of the year when it comes to the timing and start of large projects and our visibility into the gas business. So I would say the midpoint of our guidance has very little uncommitted gas in there. Our non -- no uncommitted gas for the year.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I think you're going to see a change in the seasonality of awards probably over the next 2 to 3 years because of the amount of large, multiyear potentially projects that are going to be proposed to bring liquids from Canada and from these liquid shale plays to refinery centers. So the normal cyclicality of this business could provide more visibility on big diameter -- large-diameter, long-haul pipe for probably at least 2 to 3 years. That's what we think will occur. We're pretty confident that, that's what we're going to see going forward.
James F. O'Neil: Well, we haven't quantified or given any guidance for '13, but there is nothing that doesn't lead us to believe that '13 is going to be a very strong year from what we have in backlog today and what we expect will happen going forward in all of our segments, really. I mean, we have momentum in all of our segments and we haven't seen any reason to believe that '13 won't be a very strong year. It doesn't matter who wins the election. Infrastructure is still going to be one of the primary objectives of either administration. So we're feeling confident going forward.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, I think the Hanna award is just -- reflects the opportunities in Canada. There is a similar build opportunities in Canada as there are in the U.S. It's just occurring probably a year or 2 later than what the U.S. experienced. I mean, that's reflected not only by Hanna, but the Northwest Transmission Line. So that works out in about those 2 projects and we look forward to executing and growing our businesses in the Canadian market. The pipeline integrity business, it's going to be a strong business. I think that's an area of our business that can grow more than any other part of our business, but it's growing off of a smaller base and I think that's going to materialize over time. That's a longer-term growth opportunity for us that, I think, could be something material in 3 to 4 to 5 years from now but it seems the regulations are going to draw a significant amount of construction and rehabilitation efforts in the pipeline market.
James F. O'Neil: Well, the labor -- let me address the labor rates first. We're under multiyear agreements with -- we're in the pipeline unions, the different unions that are associated with the pipeline industry. Those are multiyear agreements. Labor rates aren't going crazy right now for us. I mean, they're multiyear agreements that we negotiate when they expire, very similar to the electric business. We're not utilizing our big pipe equipment right now. And we're very comfortable that when the big pipework comes that we're going to be able to provide the necessary resources and execute on those projects. It was imperative for us to maximize utilization of our people and what equipment that we could share on shale pipework to move back toward a profitable segment. So that was an imperative objective for us. But we're certainly well positioned strategically to not only keep that work ongoing in the shales, but to capitalize on opportunities in the big pipework. Very similar to the electric route. Everybody was worried about how we were going to move from being on 2 transmission projects to 12, and we were able to deliver there, from a resource standpoint. And we're just as confident that we're going to be able to capitalize on the pipeline market as it expands as well.
James F. O'Neil: That's a niche market for us that we're trying to greenfield into. And some of that work has been pushed out a little bit further than what we thought it would from a standpoint of accelerating, the market accelerating, which is okay, because we're using our renewable folks into that type of business. And our renewable folks are very active right now, building solar plants. And the wind market has also picked up somewhat. So it's a niche market for us. It's not immaterial today. Hopefully, we'll be able to talk more about that. It's a growth area for us in '13 or even in '14, but it's more of a future opportunity for us, not something that is really going to materialize anytime near soon.
James F. O'Neil: We're having discussions with customers, okay, and nothing's really formally come out to bid right now. We're just having discussions with customers about capacity concerns into '13 and '14 because the industry is going to be tight. So we -- like I said in my prepared remarks, we think that this will become clear to everyone as we get into the fourth quarter. And certainly into the first quarter, we'll have much more visibility on what's going on in the big pipe market. But we haven't bid anything to date yet, no.
James F. O'Neil: Yes. I mean, I think right now, we're at the height of stimulus construction and things are going really, really well. And I don’t anticipate that, that is going to lighten up anytime soon. I mean, stimulus is going to take us well into '13 and probably to the end of '13. The Universal Services Fund is a big opportunity. That's a program that's almost like a federal stimulus that we think will provide subsidies to the telecom market equal to what we're seeing in stimulus today as we get beyond '13. So that's a huge potential opportunity that could keep our telecom business strong beyond stimulus as well as many of our customers are starting to move forward with capital projects beyond stimulus. Stimulus really got them a head start on their strategic objectives. So we're feeling pretty good about telecom right now going forward.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, weather actually is an impact, but we also established ourselves in the shales. And we weren't in the shales last year at this time as well. So that's going to help us as well in the second quarter of this year, certainly, against the second quarter of last year.
James F. O'Neil: Well, again, we're confident that Keystone and other projects will go forward in '13 and '14 because of the discussions we've been having with customers. And not only us, but other contractors in the industry have -- will give you that same data point. You will see big pipe taking liquids from these liquid-rich shale plays and the Canadian oil sands go to refining centers primarily in the Gulf of Mexico. Look at the expansion plans in the capital that's going into expanding these refineries. You haven't seen that in decades. That's all associated -- or primarily associated with liquids coming from these shales. Right now, they're railing and trucking product. That's a very inefficient means of transporting products. Once they get enough gathering in place, gathering systems in place, you will start seeing big pipe built. And I think that, from what we're hearing from our customers, the big pipelines are going to start coming in '13 and '14. We do need to get some of that big pipework in order to get to that 9% to 12% operating income target. And we're confident that we'll see that big pipework come sometime in '13 and certainly into the '14 and '15 time frame.
James F. O'Neil: It's mid single digit operating income to the 9% to 12% operating range. I mean, the primary reason that we have that delta in margins is because we have higher margin work on the big pipework, as well as underutilization of equipment. So I don't think we can quantify it any better than that, really. I mean that direction is what it does for you.
James F. O'Neil: I'd like to thank you all for participating in our second quarter 2012 conference call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. I'd say that it remains somewhat constant. And as you saw from the second quarter, I mean, our first demand is working capital to support our projects. And as we talked about, we have capital expenditure needs for this year. We are optimistic still on the acquisition and investment side. I mean, we've talked about some smaller investments that are out there. And at the same time, from an acquisition standpoint, I'd say that we closed 10 acquisitions in the last 12 months. And I believe we'll continue to see that -- a similar type of opportunistic activity over the next 12 months.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick. The primary reason is actually the amount of storm work. I mean, when you look at the amount of the storm work we had in the fourth quarter of last year and the second quarter of last year, as well as even the first quarter of this year, we had substantially higher revenues from storm and yet, in all of those periods. And those things come in at higher margin. This quarter, we only had $13 million of storm work that compares to numbers of -- in the neighborhood of like $50 million from the previous period. So that's a pretty big driver. And then kind of sequentially, I mean, from the first quarter to second quarter, we had great weather in the first quarter, allowing us to have substantially higher productivity. That contributed to both revenues and reduced costs in the first quarter that when we come to the second quarter, those weren't quite the same. Relative to close-outs, there wasn't anything unusual in the second quarter relative to any close-out jobs. So there wasn't anything negatively impacted in the quarter.
Derrick A. Jensen: I'm not sure I understood the second part of your question or heard the second part. But relative to the debt, back to the working capital demands in the quarter, we've had substantial growth. And then as we talked about some of the aspects of Sunrise, it takes some draws on our cash. But in addition, we closed an acquisition in the quarter, which was about $26 million of cash. And we also put the additional investment in Howard Energy, which we talked about in the first quarter, which is an additional $52 million of cash. So those things combined just took some short-term cash needs. I'd say that by the end of the year, we wouldn't expect to have any borrowings outstanding.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick. Actually, it's similar to our discussion of second quarter of this year versus second quarter of last year in that there were some weather impacts that impacted a few of the jobs in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. At the same time, from a revenue perspective, we had the wrap-up of at least one large diameter pipeline job in the first quarter. We didn't have any of that work in the second. So you had kind of a decrease in revenue because of that.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. I think that the biggest driver of working capital is obviously our receivables and DSOs, and I think that what we'll see is that by the time we get to the end of the year that, that will start to trend downward. Historically, working capitals run about 15% of revenues and -- but as we go forward, a lot of revenue is coming up right now. And some of these things can get tied up in some of these larger jobs, but I'd say that you can look at DSOs being able to be improved.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, there wasn't any impact relative to margins. I mean, that job has recorded consistent margins throughout the period. And as it relates to -- I think the second part of your question is kind of what risk profile. And we believe that we're in substantial conversation with the customers such that the change order will come through and be collected at some point in time between now and the end of the year. It's tough to predict, I guess, the change order effect as far as when it will be settled, but we're pushing for settlement as soon as possible.
Derrick A. Jensen: Well, that job is complete at this point. So relative to an income impact, there wouldn't -- there will not be any income impact.
