Duke Austin: Yes Dan, in general as we move into the fourth quarter obviously we are on those, we have taken seasonality into consideration with those projects. They are large, the risk profiles are different. So I think we’ve given prudent guidance as we move forward into the fourth quarter. I’ll let Derrick kind of talk through it.
Duke Austin: Dan I think the micro environment on the gas side underpinning demand of the need for large pipe as you take away from the shale regions in the Marcellus and Utica, the need for mid-stream will come back and you'll see some smaller pipe. They’re all moving different product as well across and in to the Gulf Coast. So yes I think its coming back some. It's not prolific by any means, but the large pipe should overcome and any kind of short fall as you would see in that area and the outlook is good. We continue to bid a lot of work and see a lot of work in that areas, so we're optimistic. 
Duke Austin: The transmission business it looks good, there has been other larger projects or it’s the timing. So we’re always concerned with the timing on the larger projects of our larger transmission business on really both sides of the business. But the electric side we are started -- we did starts some projects. We are on three big projects now. So we are moving forward on some bigger ones. But the underpinnings underlying the base business as we’ll continue to talk about is good, there is demand there, we continue to grow that business we're excited about it as we stated we’re headcounts higher, we’ll continue to invest in our work forced. So we like we see the capital spend of our customers, we’re taking to them daily, so we're able to understand where they're going and you could look at what they say on their earnings calls and we believe the capital spends will increase over the next few years, especially that we can see. So the underlying business will continue to grow with some of the larger projects will come in on top of that. And Canada just a little bit on that. It's more depended on your energy on your oil and where oil pricing is. So it's really difficult for us to try to pin that down on where there larger projects are going. We have continued to get our cost structure in line with what the market is. We do that some nice projects in backlog that we believe will move forward in '17. So we're in pretty good shape for the foreseeable the future in Canada.  [Multiple speakers]. Just a color on -- from a marks perspective, you've seen here in the third quarter that if we exclude the power plant, that we're posting a number effectively double-digits margins in the electric power segment. We talked about our ability to be back there. That is partly because of the cost control efforts in Canada, but it’s also because of the strong margins in U.S. The U.S. market as it stands here today for 2016, we are executing at the double-digits margin profile. The pressure for the year is partly coming from MLP obviously, but as well as some of the pressure associated with the Canadian market. But that's where our cost control efforts have predominantly been and as we look forward we see the opportunity working on couple of those larger projects in '17. So a combination of the cost control and those larger projects. We think bode well for Canadian margins. At least two lesson the dilution that’s currently being created by Canada. But the U.S. market is still operating well and we think we are very much focused on returning the Canadian margins to a greater benefit.
Duke Austin: Yes, I think we have talked about it in the past being broader and longer versus any peaks and that still holds true. We watched all these larger projects and our GAAP business and to make sure we give good guidance on when we think they are going to go. We see some pushes, we build that into kind of our system when we look at things. Some of it you can't tell when it's coming and it just happens. So -- but for the most part I think we have that under control and we understand when these projects are going to go. It won't allow us to give guidance on a three month interval, but we should be able to get some qualitative comments. It says the micro demand on large diameter pipe is there, there will be some permitting delays that we’ll build into any kind of guidance we give along with seasonality. But I do think the next few years on long diameter pipe especially look really good for us.
Duke Austin: Jamie, qualitatively I would say, everything said was accurate. We do see good markets in '17. I think we can -- if it comes down to execution, which I am confidently we can execute. So I like to market, I like where we are going. I think the company is positioned well, with boots on the ground. We can build linear construction very-very well. So I am confident in the company and I am confident in the markets in 2017. The thing that gives me pause would only be Canadian economy and oil pricing there concerns me a bit and then the permeating. So we'll be watching some of that as we move forward. But that's only on the large projects and I'll continue to say our best business continues to go. The right direction and we see that go into right direction in 2017.
Duke Austin: Yes I don’t want to get into exactly where it’s coming from a percentage. What I do know is that, the base business is growing on both segments. What gives us pause on saying there's growth on top is the start of the larger projects. And so it gives -- we do, we are building our backlog, we continue to build our backlog. It’s just the starts and when we put this larger projects in backlog. So I’m saying that the larger projects complicates that whole scenario and we'll continue to be conservative about how we approach that. 
Duke Austin: Yes. It is. It should there is no reason why the first half won't be stronger than the first half of this year based on the work we have on going. The concern is the second half and what that looks like. So we'll be trying to provide better guidance there in February on that. 
Duke Austin: On the first part of your question from our standpoint, we’re pretty disciplined about how we did all the time. Our customers -- we continue to put the same profile, we look at risk its how we price, and so our risk profile has not changed. As we get busier, our utilization rates and things of that nature go up and it allows our margins to enhance. So as we get busier, as the larger projects are there, we get better utilization. As we talked about in the past, we had people that were on the side lines that are now going to work on some these larger projects, or we weren't as efficient on the smaller ones. And so you’ll start to see -- that’s why you are starting to see some of the margin enhancement as well as our base business continues to growth. So that will allow some utilization there. And our Canadian operations, we have right sized of some that and we’ll move forward there. It's really about Canada for us on the margins to make sure that we get that in line and some other projects there I would say are out of our pricing discipline and we’ll allow the others to win those and we’ll continue to stay discipline on how we did work. And on the GAAP side, we continue to bid the same way, it's no different.
Duke Austin: I think our backlog, we have a large project in our backlog as everyone is aware of and that will go into construction. As we stand today in 2017. So it allows us to be better utilized there and gives us some flexibility on what we do in Canada. I would say the overall market is contingent on oil pricing in many ways and so as oil fluctuates, so does Canada. So we watched that as we move forward and we’ll continue to adjust with the markets that we see.
Duke Austin: Yes, again the market will be in the 10% to 12% range when things are good, as we talk about in the past to double-digits range. So what I would I say is we're taking incremental steps and it's not something -- it’s something that will be incremental to us sequentially as we move along into next year? The market is not -- we’re seeing where we are winning work, were bidding work, we’re also not winning work. So it's hard to say exactly where the margins will go. We’ll continue to try to get in our historical range. 
Duke Austin: The distribution business is a good business. It's a steady business we see the replacement with FENSA and some the regulation that you see, that’s a long turn replacement program across the country, it’s broad based. I think you'll continue to see that over the next 10 years to 15 years and you'll continue to see us grow in that business. 
Duke Austin: Yes I think from our stand point, the larger projects, there is many of amount there. It's about which ones go and they give any sort of guidance on that. Is very difficult. What I would say is we can see out fairly long here in the macro piece of it is there -- the underpinning demand is there from a power side. So it's a robust environment, robust bidding environment. It’s the timing, the permitting and things like that. That's not our expertise and we can't get guidance on that. What we can say is we do see the company in a good position to win work and execute work and in the next few years. 
Duke Austin: If you look at the pipeline business, it's much cheaper to move product through pipe than it is rail and if you look at what was railed in the past it becomes uneconomical. So you starting to see more people put pipelines on the drawing board for where rail lines may have been in the past. So I think the overall economics of the large pipeline in moving product is there, it continues to be a robust bidding environment and a multiyear bidding environment. So we are having contacts with our customers negotiating, looking at where we’re with them and we like the environment.
Duke Austin: Yes, again there is a multitude of projects we were looking at. We have talked about Atlantic Coast, it’s one of them. We don’t necessarily -- we have our own timing in a way that we think about where I would say the second half is -- we are not started on it yet, so it will take till February that kind of figure that out when we give guidance and it's too early to say what the third quarter would look like there. Again, I see the same thing you see when you looking at it from your view point. So we will try to be transparent when we give guidance there in February, it's just too early today.
Duke Austin: I want to be come back to what Derrick said on the gas side, the mix of work matters a lot. As our base work, the distribution and all the underlying businesses within that, that the seasonality does matter there. So you should be cognizant of that when you're looking at guidance. 
Duke Austin: Yes John I mean I think in generally you could see that happen quite often, and it has happened quite often and does happen quite often. So the FERC permit is one piece of it. Traditionally the gas permit has been a process with FERC that’s been fairly easy. It is not today, so we’ll look at how we put things in backlog and talk about it to the investment community. And yes we are looking at large projects on a broad spectrum both in Canada, Australia, and in U.S. and always have on the front end of this project. The environment is as good as I’ve said, the undertaking demand there, there is a need for natural gas, all across the lower 48, Canada just from the power plant side so the coal to gas switching happens you start to see the LDC use more natural gas. We were bullish on the pipe business for the foreseeable future here.
Duke Austin: What I would say about the telecom business is, as we’ve stated in the past that we plan on getting into the business. It's a linear construction, we like the business, we see a lot of demand there and I’ll leave with that.
Duke Austin: Yes Alex, I don’t want to say it can’t get any worst, because it always probably could. So what I would say is that, the environment is pretty tough today. The industry has always figured out a way to adapt on any kind of administration. So as the administrations go and come, it does change. It could be a better, it could be a worst. But the underpinning demand, the need for natural gas, the need for the infrastructure is great and I think under either administration you’re going to see infrastructure get built.
Duke Austin: No, we like Australia. Again we look at that a long term growth for Quanta. We’ll continue to grow our platform there. We actually made an electric acquisition, a smaller one within the quarter to grow our platform. So yes, it's suppressed a bit, but I like our operations there. We are doing well and this market is especially -- and I think you will see us grow that market out. And we’ve stated in the past, if it's not $1 billion, in $100 million of operating profit, we will exit that area. So I mean we are very optimistic about Australia, we like it.
Duke Austin: I would like to thank you all for participating in the third quarter 2016 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, I agree with everything that Duke said. As it relates to rolling fast the fourth quarter Dan, and think about seasonality, it's too soon for us to really think about how seasonal plays will play in '17. Some of these revenues pushing out of the fourth quarter definitely contributed to first half of '17, which in many ways would appears as though it bodes well for a quarter-over-quarter comparison in that regard. But I don’t know that we have yet made a determination how we think the back half of the year will play out for '17 otherwise, to be able to comment.
Derrick Jensen: Jamie, on the first part of diluted Canada, I don’t know that I could comment to exactly what the operating income type levels of Canada, but I can tell you that overall Canada, for at least electric power, you are talking about is low single digital margins in comparison. The international revenues right now run about 15% of our consolidated revenues. That includes some Latin American, some Australia work, but from Canada that gives you, the state is probably running in that 10% to 15% range. So you can kind of do some backwards math looking at the relative dilution. Oil and gas pushed to '17 quantifications, I would tell you that the largest portion of our revenue adjustment for the year is associated with those individual oil and gas projects. And then for margin guidance for '17, I can color first and just simply say that I think your assessment is not unfair, mainly you've been if we just look at the elimination of MLP year-over-year. We don’t know that we're going to see any sizable moves from a cost structure perspective, from G&A perspective. So the rest is going to come down largely due to execution in the timing of the project, but I'll let Duke comment more on that. 
Derrick Jensen: One of the thing that -- the primary thing I don’t have -- give guidance on historically has been cash flow because of very much of those timing thing. I’ll tell you that here in the fourth quarter even to the extent that I get better collections on historic kind of unbilled balances, I think I am going to have a level of production on that project such that I’m going to be probably flat this quarter versus yearend. So right now I think I am going to ahead and say that and it wouldn’t surprise me if my ending debt balance for the year is fairly comparable to my current debt balance. And I think you will see some of that maybe roll more into the first part of next year.
Derrick Jensen: Relative to 2012. One other thing to point out is that, you may recall that was our largest storm work year really in Quanta’s history and we did over $250 million worth of storm work, so that very much contributed to the margins begin over 12%. And at the same time in that timeframe we were working on a significant number of larger projects. So although we do have the opportunity to have larger projects contributing as we go forward. I don’t think we are seeing it at the level of that. So there are a couple of dynamics that kept us very much on the upper side of that range. That is we look forward we’d probably say that would be a little aggressive to be thinking that it would be that high in the near term. 
Derrick Jensen: Yes, so as it relates to this quarter, and again it’s a good power plant, you saw margins that were in the 10% range. But it's important to remember that that’s also our highest margin quarter typically from the seasonality perspective. And so when you model out how we think the fourth quarter is going to play, I think you going to model out you are going to see margin dropping below 10% in the electric power segment because of that seasonality. We think the seasonality will definitely be impacting the quarters of 2017. For the last few years you have seen a lot less of that seasonal dynamic because of the contribution of Canada. But as we stand here today, you see less that contribution of Canada both form volume perspective as well because the fact of the overall performance of Canada is contributing at a lower margin of level. So although it’s too soon to comment as to exactly how guidance will play out. I think those are important factors to think about. When you think about our ability to maintain double-digits margins in every quarter '17. I think seasonal impacts will exist and so, that will be putting some level of pressure on our ability be at that double-digits throughout the year.  Relative to oil and gas, it is a big factor as to win the individual project starting stop in the individual quarters. Thinking about the second quarter commentary that we provided on the fourth quarter of this year. We talked about potential for the ability for the margin to see an uptick. As we stand here today, we are not seeing that because of the timing in those projects, some of those projects pushing out of the fourth quarter.  So any those individuals stocks are stops a project and very much influence the mix of the work in the quarter and therefore for the year and that's the biggest portion of what drives our -- the level of margin being up in that double-digits range for oil and gas at the stage. Higher levels at given times in given quarters for the large-diameter pipe can definitely give us the ability to be in there, but as Duke’s commentary, he talked about seemed to be a comment as to how the back half of the year will play out. To be up a really feel how -- the ability to be a double-digits margins right now. 
