Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. Thanks, Noelle, for the comments. In general, I think that the – I'll start with the spreads. I think as far as where we sit today even with the push at ACP, we will be fully utilized, we're fully mobilized out in construction. Now, the sequencing of where we're at is certainly different than we expected. But that's – so it's a back half story. We thought we would be farther along in the first half and we're not, but we're starting now and we're starting to move forward over there just some of the work would push into 2019 on ACP. As far as terms, we have good terms, we're confident in what we've done and how we de-risk the work. I won't get into details on them, but we're happy with our contracts, we're working with our clients. It's a daily barrage of something going on from a regulatory standpoint on most of our work in the Northeast, so we continue to work with our clients. But I'm optimistic that we're going to get this pipe built this year and we're going to have a good projects on all of them. And we're real excited about what we're doing on our large diameter pipe. And as far as availability of people, one of our companies is 100 years, the other one is real close to it. So the amount of people and resources and if we rely strictly on execution, I love our chances. So we have really, really good longstanding people and superintendents and people want to work for us, so we're excited about with that as well.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah, Noelle, I think a couple of things. When we got in the business, we knew there was a void. Until you get in the business and you start talking to clients, you don't understand how big it is or how big the void may be. After time in the business, we've talked with clients at the very highest level, and they're really – from our standpoint, our ability to put craft skill labor in the field is exceptional. And so they recognize this; they recognized our ability to get work done, and done timely and cost certainty on the work. So that being said, I think we're set up to do that, as well as anybody or better than anyone, and they recognize it. So when we talk to them, when we're talking about those things. I think our acquisition of Northwest (sic) Lineman, our training, they see that, they've recognized that. So when we go in and say where are you going to get your workers from, they realize that we have a training facility we're working with them to put resources in the field and craft skilled labor in the field and we're not just talking about it. So we're actually out executing. We're executing on our strategy and the communications. I really like where we sit. I would say that some of the drag and it is – the amount of cities that people are asking us to take, we have to be cognizant of getting people in the field. But at the job level, we're doing really, really well. I think we'll get scale out of these offices very quickly. And as far as the macro market, it's really good. I want to be clear that it's not about the market. The market's really good and there's a lot of work out there and people are doing really well, and I'm confident. It's just this is where we're at in our marketplace for us, and where we're going. And it's all about getting those craft skilled labor guys to the field and construction started.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. Tahira, on the baseload business on the gas side, it's exceptional. We talked about the Stronghold contributions in the first half of the year. They've done – they beat our expectations, record year for them, done really, really well. I think it's overshadowed a bit by the larger projects and the timing so you have a mix of work that's not normal, so you're seeing some. In the Oil & Gas segment, it's not somewhat the margin profile a bit. And I think that will clear up in the second half. But as far as the baseload work, we're exceeding our expectations on every level and every service line. Telecom's a little bit behind on the margins, but it's minute and it's due to the fact that we're ramping in multiple cities that we didn't think we would be ramping in. On a job level, we're right on track and that'll clear up and be better in the second half of the year. So, as far as I see it, our baseload business, we're growing high-single digits to double digits like we said we would. We're operating the company just like we said we would. I don't see any pause in it. If you look at the CapEx, OpEx budgets of the companies that we serve, they continued to grow. You continue to hear multiyear, 10-year type work on grid modernization on gas replacement. We continue to see it, hear it from every customer we talk to, that comes out daily if you listened to earnings reports yesterday out of utilities' customers, there was one that said 10-year build, we're in year one. So and it's a large customer around the Northeast, I'm not going to get in their business but you're welcome to look around and see who announced yesterday. But, no, we're really excited about the business.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: I mean Tahira, I think the business is set up like we said we publicly stated what we think from a growth profile on our base business, how these major projects layer in. You know that's something that it's very difficult to predict, if you look at it over time. But the macro markets there the bigger projects are there, where not – 90% or 85% of our businesses is this baseload work, that 15% gives us the most trouble in forecasting, and the most trouble in giving you clarity, but the macro market and those big jobs are out there, that we're not a large project on the other side of the world company, those jobs happen to be there, those jobs are there all the time. They've been there for the last seven or eight years, and they're getting bigger and we're executing on them. On West Fort McMurray in Canada is a great example of a big project that we're executing on. East-West Tie that we've announced, it's on and on and on, it layers onto that 85% that we're doing really well. And our MSA business is only getting bigger. The multi-year MSA work is out there and it continues.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: I would say in general I see it a little different. We're mobilized on every one of our jobs – not one job is canceled. In the past administration, we had jobs canceled; we had jobs not get there. So we're mobilized on every job. Now, when you get there, there's still some state environment kind of rules and regulations that get challenged. And so we're working through those. It's nothing that's stopping the job. It's just ways that we need to de-risk ourselves and mitigate issues in the field with our client. We knew that going into it, our guidance reflects that. But I feel really good about where we're at and we get better every day, it continues to clear up every day. We have better contract terms today than we've ever had for Texas. I'm excited about the work out there. I continue to believe the administration is wanting jobs created and work to go in the field and we're starting to see some of that – ACP is going; Mount Valley, there was a good court ruling yesterday on it. Lots of projects are getting good rulings. There is some noise in them, but they're minor, it makes a lot of news but it's not a major deal in the field.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah, the guidance in the Gas segment has everything to do with our large diameter pipe. We're about 25% in the season. As we work through the season this year, that's where the prudency in our guidance is, as stated in the call, in my script. We have prudency built into our guidance due to where we're at from a seasonality standpoint in big pipe, we're very early. And we're 25% into it. That's not normal from a season standpoint. We would typically be farther along, but due to some of the delays and getting to the Right of Way and our Canadian build coming in; it's a late build this year. So I think as we get through the third quarter, you're not seeing the underlying – we can look at the guidance, we can look at where we're at on big pipe as we work through contingencies. Also when you look at, you can't see the strength because of where we sit with big pipe of Stronghold in our other companies, but we would say $600 million is achievable. And they're exceeding expectations from a margin profile.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: We're in the early stages of our large diameter pipe, 25% into it. We took a prudent approach to the guidance on the back half and I'll let Derrick comment on the numbers.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: I mean my expectation for the telecom businesses in 2019 to operate at parity to the electric margins.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: We're ramping, so I hedge a bit to say that if we ramp, continue to ramp on major cities and things of that nature, you could have some timing differences, but in general it'll be a good thing long-term. So, we're able to ramp fairly quickly. Our curriculum and the things that we've done from our college and such things we're able to get people to the field much quicker, which was a design and why we invested so much in training because we can get people to the field much quicker than we have in the past. So we're excited about it.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: I think if you look at Canada Site C is a nice project, we have East-West Tie which is a large project. So those two backfill some of West Fort McMurray; West Fort McMurray finishes up in the early part of the year I guess mid-part of the year. So in general, there is projects that we have been awarded both Site C and East-West Tie. But there's a multitude of projects coming out of Canada that are large in nature that we're looking at today that are in tender phases. And also in the U.S., us being geographically diverse, let's just look at a lot of different large projects, if you go back in time the company's been on as many as 10. We're doing what we're doing with one; so there's many, many projects out there and I can't say enough about how large the MSA build of these CapEx and OpEx budgets are. We don't announce them every day; we just never have as a policy, but they're out there and they're large and they're multi-year.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: We evaluate our progress monthly on all our work and as we get through, as we operate through what we believe is contingencies we'll let them out or not. It's just we need to operate through that. It's a tough part of the world to work in, West Virginia in that area is we've got a lot of work in the hills and the mountains. And so, we'll be prudent about how we do it. We're going to get through that and we want to make sure that we get through it and I'm not in any hurry. We're going to get through the work and we'll let you know as it progresses.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. I would agree with Derrick's comment. Each one of those jobs are bid differently and they have different kind of contract. So, we'll have to look at each one of them.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. I mean, I think when you look at Western Canada, the Montney region and your takeaway LNG, both coastal and trans-mountain. Those are both really, really nice projects. It takes a lot of capacity whether we build them or not. And the risk profile of some of that larger work out there is tough and we stay pretty disciplined, we stay real disciplined onto our models on bidding and again we don't win them all. But with the resources going out and the way it's working in the mining region, I do think that if those projects go, even if they don't go, you'll see work coming out of that shale basin it's prolific there, probably as good as the Permian. So if we can get it to market, I believe, you'll see a lot of Midstream and a lot of large diameter pipe just going to bigger lines in the load centers. We see that there's record usage of power in BC, I believe yesterday. So lots of things going on in BC that we see; we need some good regulation up there that allows energy to go forward, the market itself to go forward. I think when you look at it, you look at the oil sand differentials and things that are happening. Pipes necessary, they're behind and they've got to catch up. So I really like the future there. We see a lot of good opportunities in Canada. In LNG it's only a plus.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. Jamie, I think in general I would say, I'll let Derrick quantify – run the numbers, but in general we're behind, we're 25% into it I would say and if you look if you go back inversely to 2017, we were probably more like 75% something like that well ahead of where we're at today. I don't know the exact math, but it's at least 60%. So, call it 60% so we're that far behind as far as I'm concerned. And in general, if 2017 was much more frontend loaded than this year, we're way back loaded in the back half. We're real close from the way we're forecasting to last year on big pipe. And I do think as we get forward, we'll exceed the amount of big pipe this year than we did last year. So, I'll now let Derrick comment to the numbers.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: I wouldn't say that, I think it's constant. We see large products daily and again we see big projects and we're, some of them are in tender phase, some of them are in negotiation phase, some of them will be in 2019. It's all over the place, but we referenced about a $3 billion type in house. We're looking at bidding, negotiating type number on big transmission projects and that's the number. Where they're at and how long they take, it just – I can't tell you. I know that we're negotiating then we're not going to put a timeline on it. But the markets there, in the MSA market that we don't talk about – that we don't talk about, or we don't say it's a big project, those MSAs are in the billions of dollars, they're not little bitty MSAs. So I want to be clear.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. We don't look at – I don't look at it like that. I mean, I know what we're doing, I know the cities are, I can't tell you exactly who the market was or who we took them from, I have no – I don't know. I'm worried about us and how we execute and that's all I'm worried about. I have no idea.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Look, I think in general what we ACP goes into 2019 for us too, we have some I think a couple of spreads to work or more in 2019 for ACP as well. So where it's a long – it was a two year project to begin with. We tried to forecast some of the work in 2018, and some of the work in 2019 because that's when we were kind on our schedules. But when we look at that I mean it's a couple spreads that'll be there for two years. We are picking up incremental work at times that doesn't meet the threshold to make the news every day. But we do pick up incremental work, we're still building work – we're still building midstream work, we can move crews on and off those projects to do other things. It's just when you start talking about the mountains of West Virginia and North Carolina only a certain amount of people can do that. And, we tend to shy away from anything that's risky like that unless we have the right kind of superintendents to run them and right now if it's Mountain work we're booked.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: We're doing really well in that job. We we're executing like we should, we got to work through the winter here. And look there's opportunity for us to continue to execute well there, there's more opportunity on that job for sure. We'll see where it goes. We take a – we look at it quarterly, monthly we look at it all the time about where we're at. Some of the things that get de-risk as we de-risk that job. We look at it and evaluate what's it going to take to finish it and then bring it in here. I think it's more of getting through the winter here in the second half.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: I'd like to thank all of the guys in the field for the work that they've done and in dire conditions, hot conditions, it's tough work, so thanks to them. And thank everyone for participating in our second quarter 2018 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah, it's also because when you think about from an Oil & Gas perspective, you saw some of those revenues coming in here in the second quarter versus our original expectations. But then we had some of the headwinds here in the second quarter, so that ate up some of that margin contribution. The rest of it's coming in the back half, from an Electric Power perspective a little bit higher; overall though our margin guidance has remained intact. We did a little bit stronger in the second quarter. Looking at the back half of the year though what we're just saying is, is that we have no reason to change our overall Electric Power expectations, but those expectations when you look at the first half of the year, we've done quite well, so to that end we're just being a little bit prudent in the margins for the back half the year there. And then the last, there's still that $100 million implied increase to the back half of the year, which as Duke spoke about is largely due to the new awards, but to the extent that of those new awards we haven't even begun to execute on those, those won't really start until here in the month of August. And we've got to be thinking about how we go through the winter type work. So to that end that's the prudency that Duke's referencing.
Derrick A. Jensen: I will say and I would expect that there'd be a level of seasonality to that like you see in Oil & Gas and Electric Power generally speaking, but to Duke's point we'd see and look at the overall contribution via parity.
Derrick A. Jensen: The other point being as is that each one of those items is done on a project by project basis. Each project is very unique and so we have to evaluate the contingency progression across each of those projects, irrespective of the passage time.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah. I think you're referring to the change in the earn-out expectation. A lot of that's actually driven. We call that the project, the Midstream project itself that had some headwinds this quarter, a lot of its tied to that individual project for that individual acquisition, which we have to go through and assess the probability, EBITDA realization and in this particular case it's a cumulative calculation, so with this particular shortfall was from our standpoint really impacted our ability to say that, that liability was now currently probable. So, it's a mainly for midstream type work in the Northeast.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah. To that extent I mean one of the things I comment too is that it's a little bit like 2016 if you think about the back half of 2016 versus the front half of 2016. That's kind of a comparable what you're seeing here 2018, which is almost exactly the opposite of what you saw for 2017. And then, I guess relative to the margin dynamics here for the second quarter, part of it was the push out against our original expectations of the timing of some of the work which we referred to both in the June investor conference, as well as our prepared remarks. We had a little bit of the weather impacts on the midstream project, I'd say that's probably a 70 basis point to 80 basis point impact to the quarter. As well it's not as though actually that was the only place we had some weather impacts, we actually did have some weather impacts in Australia, as well as some level of breakup impact. But the larger portion of which was the midstream project, we had the charges in the quarter which is about $4.6 million. And then lastly on the change order recognition, I'd say that, that probably impacted the quarter profitability by again maybe the 50 basis point, 60 basis point, 70 basis point range. So, all of those things kind of aggregate are representative of the difference in our expectation.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah. One other incremental point, I think it's worth noting that they're – relative to our revenue, guidance as it stands here today, we do not need any additional large awards in either Electric Power or Oil & Gas to come through relative to our current guidance. So anything would be incremental for this year at this stage.
