James O'Neil: Yes, Will. We don't see any challenges with those projects. They for the most part have gone through the permitting process. And they're not in poor service lands. So we don't expect any issues. Certainly in Texas, in the CREZ project, they should go forward. The Devers project should go forward without any issue and so should the Northwest Transmission Line. So we don't anticipate any delays.
James O'Neil: Yes. The projects are smaller diameter pipes, smaller distances. They typically can -- the range can vary from $8-million, $10-million project to a $40-million, $50-million project. But it's recurring work. There's a significant amount of activity for several customers. It's almost like an MSA-type work. We've got a lot better visibility in that work than we do in the big pipe business. But there's a significant amount of gathering systems that need to be built, specifically in the shale areas that have a liquid component. We're very active in the Marcellus right now. The margin profile is very similar to what we see on the big pipework, and the visibility is a lot better.
James O'Neil: Yes, Jeff. And I would add to that, there were some regulatory delays, too, that affect the business, which continues to hamper that segment throughout the year. I mean, we've had $1.8 billion worth of projects that I think probably less than half -- actually, more than half have been canceled or delayed. So -- but I think we would have been pretty close to what we forecasted for that segment. The 10-day strike that we had certainly impacted us a couple of pennies, and the weather issues as well. We -- and the regulatory delays impact us as far as trying to efficiently mobilize people and equipment. So for that segment, we should have -- without those issues, we would have been close to our forecast for that segment for the quarter. Going forward, we're very excited. I mean, we certainly -- first quarter is typically not a busy time for -- typically from a seasonal standpoint, this segment is typically very -- not very active, would typically ramp up in the second and third quarter. We've got a lot of activity in the first quarter right now. Certainly, there's some weather risks because of that. It's typically why pipeliners don't build in the first quarter. But we think that going into this year, we've got great visibility. We've got a good book of business to get us into the first part of the year. We're seeing some opportunities this year that we believe will convert into construction opportunities. And we certainly feel like we'll have a very profitable year in our pipeline segment this year. But we've got the regulatory issues. We've got to keep in mind, that hasn't eased at all. So we've got to take in account that the regulatory environment is still very onerous in that segment.
James O'Neil: Well, why don't I put it in context of what we're going to do in '12? I mean, going into '12, backlog in that segment at the end of '11 was about $768 million. We've added about $200 million of work into backlog since then. We've had some burn. But I would say that more than half of that backlog is associated with shale gathering work and the collections system work in these shales, particularly the Marcellus and the Eagle Ford and the Bakken. So a significant part of our backlog has transitioned to shale work going into 2012.
James O'Neil: Yes, I mean, that project continues to -- that pipeline is continuing to perform nicely. James could probably give you some updates on that. But I'll talk to you about the construction synergy opportunities first. We're still in the very early stages, the top of the first inning in developing Eagle Ford collection system infrastructure or in building infrastructure. And we feel that if that relationship is going to bring us some pull-through value -- it already has to some degree. We've had some smaller engineering opportunities and construction opportunities there because of that relationship. And we believe that we'll be able to build on that over the next few years because we've got that presence with Howard Energy in the Eagle Ford. So it's still early. But I expect some opportunities because of that investment due to come, to see evidence of as we move forward and develop -- as that field develops.
James O'Neil: Well, we are in negotiations -- or the PLCA, which is the Pipe Line Contractors Association, in which Quanta -- certain Quanta entities as well as 70 other pipeline contractors are members of, is currently in negotiation on a new agreement. From what I understand, those negotiations are going well, and I don't expect to see any other strike impacts on our work going forward.
James O'Neil: Because the strike occurred in January -- many of the jobs that we're on occurred from December into January. You will have some impact of the strike in the first quarter performance. But that's already baked into our guidance.
James O'Neil: The large scale pipeline opportunities, we see those opportunities there. The regulatory environment is much more difficult. So it's hard for us to forecast when those projects will be awarded to a contractor and moved to construction. The shale work is more predictable. It's more recurring. The margin profile is similar because the projects that we're working on -- that we work on are large -- larger scale projects in those shales are very difficult to negotiate. They're in very difficult terrain, or in very populated areas where they use contractors like Quanta to do the work. And that certainly commands margins that are very similar to the big pipe work.
James O'Neil: Yes, I mean, I'll address the gas question first. You are seeing some of the developers curtailing operations in the dry gas fields, but on the contrary, we're seeing significant opportunities where assets are being moved to these areas of liquid-rich plays. We have customers that are behind on their capital programs. They've got significant amount of infrastructure that they need to build. So we're very comfortable that these liquid-rich plays will continue to be very active through 2012 and beyond. There's just a significant amount of infrastructure that needs to be built despite the low natural gas prices. I mean, for instance, in the Eagle Ford, it costs $0 to produce gas because the oil production covers the capital cost for all of the development and infrastructure that needs to be built. On the transmission side, gee, there's a significant amount of projects out there. Certainly, Canada is a very active area for us. You've got CapX2020, the rest of that. You've got Gateway. You've got some more projects in California. The Northeast still is in the very early stages of building out infrastructure. Midwest with ATC and ITC. You've just got a significant amount of activity, and we continue to think that backlog will be strong. Going into this year, we will have additional awards. But the permitting and regulatory process continues to be a concern, and we don't have that visibility on how that will impact awards for the end of this year.
James O'Neil: Yes. And we had a hard time understanding, but I think the question is giving some color on the solar market in 2012. A lot of the opportunities that we're seeing in '12 and '13 are from developers taking advantage of the 1603 Cash Grant. And we're hopeful or very -- there's some promising opportunities for us that we believe will come to fruition soon to fill out our backlog for 2012 and '13. But that's what's driving the business that we see. I think over the long term, we don't have the visibility. But I think as we've always said, that the RPS standards in the states, the 30 states that have the mandatory RPS standards, at the end of the day, that's going to drive activity regardless of what government subsidies that we -- that developers receive. So certainly in '12 and '13, we see a very active year, largely driven by the expiration of the 1603 Cash Grant and developers taking advantage of that opportunity.
James O'Neil: I mean, smart grid continues to progress within our company. We're doing mostly distribution installations for smart grid. The CenterPoint program is the poster child of our smart grid implementation that we're doing now with IBM and Itron, where we're installing 2.2 million meters. We are continuing with smart grid programs in the Midwest and in Florida and in some of the smaller munis and co-ops. So that continues. It's not a meaningful part of what we do, but we are seeing still robust activity largely on distribution systems, not on transmission systems.
James O'Neil: We need the regulatory environment to improve first and foremost so that our customers can plan, work and move projects to construction in a predictable manner. And we can participate in that on the construction side. But let me get back, the margin profiles are higher on these smaller projects, too, because our margins are driven by the type of contract more than the type of work. So these smaller projects are firm, fixed-price bids, and they have risks associated with them, and so we are able to command higher margins in that business. And it's on the higher end of the scale of margins. It's probably in that 18% to 20% gross margin range. But what we need is the regulatory environment to improve, and we need to see more activity, more work to keep the people and equipment busy. And certainly, the shale activity that we're pursuing will give us a more recurring revenue stream, we hope, going into 2012 and beyond.
James O'Neil: Yes. I mean, it's based off the trends we're seeing in the second half of this year. Now you have to take in account again the regulatory environment and the normal seasonality of the first quarter. But because we have better utilization of our people and equipment, we should be able to sustain those margins going forward.
James O'Neil: Well, that's a good question. The point we're trying to make and the reason why the environment's improved in the third and fourth quarters, because the projects that were facing those challenges, those regulatory challenges, moved through that process and moved to construction. But almost every one of the projects in the third and fourth quarter that we were working on were delayed. They should have started earlier in the year or the prior year. So any new awards that we receive may quite possibly face the same challenges. And so it's the new awards that we'll receive. And it's many projects, particularly that's in Forest Service lands or BLM lands, that are going to probably experience some delays. So that's why we're saying that we expect this to be a very active year in awards. But whether those projects move into construction in 2012 or not, we don't have that visibility. And that's what hurt us last year when we were trying to provide guidance, that exact thing. Because our customers told us projects were going to start, we put them in our forecast, and it didn't happen because of things beyond their control and our control, which is the regulatory process.
James O'Neil: Absolutely, absolutely. We had $1.8 billion worth of projects that we were shortlisted on or exclusively negotiating, not including Keystone. And almost -- over half of those were delayed or canceled last year. And we practically won $200 million, $250 million of that, and the other $500 million, $600 million went to competitors. And you look at every transmission project we're on, from Tehachapi to Sunrise to Greater Springfield to -- even CREZ had some delays. And we don't -- that landscape hasn't changed. So it's the new awards. And the reason it seems like it's better right now is because we had projects finally move through that bottleneck and move to construction. So that's the point. So any future awards are subject to being delayed. That's the way we're approaching it.
James O'Neil: Well, I don't like to use the word "conservative." I'm just trying to say, we're guiding to what the environment that we experienced in 2011. We're guiding to that -- that overall environment is what we're guiding to.
James O'Neil: And if projects get awarded this year and they do move to construction like in a normal year before this administration or what we experienced 5 years ago, then it would probably be additive to guidance. But we want to see how that works out, how that plays out. We don't have that visibility. We have visibility into the first half of this year but not second half.
James O'Neil: No, not at this time. It's too early to do that. I would just say we baked it into guidance, and leave it at that for now.
James O'Neil: A year in the pipeline segment or more specifically in the large diameter pipework, which it would include the shales, that would give us a break-even year. The pipeline is pretty much a range. Last year, we talked about the range being when these big transmission projects occurred, because we were going through the regulatory process. This year, it's the regulatory process around pipeline. I'm not talking about necessarily performance. I'm talking about delays. Of course, we have to perform, but it's delays and what we expect to come down the pipeline this year, no pun intended, but the regulatory environment could delay that. And that would give us a $0.90 scenario.
James O'Neil: Well, you have to remember that there's a significant rental or lease model in -- where 40% to 50% of that equipment, of the non-core equipment, the common equipment that's used, dozers for instance, can be returned. So we've got the capability to do non-spreads, but you've got that rental model. And then there is some of our equipment that is -- that can be used in the smaller shales or in the shale work on that smaller pipework. It's just the specific equipment designed around 20-inch and larger pipe that's on the sidelines. And certainly, we need that capability. It's strategic, and we do see some big pipework coming down the pipeline, if it can get permitted. Then we'll need that equipment and that will be very profitable work for us.
James O'Neil: Well, that's kind of a loaded question. Sure, certainly, I'm disappointed because we didn't hit the forecast. But we -- because of the regulatory delays that we experienced, we saw an anomaly this year where we had an increasing activity in the fourth quarter and into the first quarter, which would typically be a low year for any pipeline operation, because they don't want to risk the weather and the weather elements. And we have weather elements in the Marcellus in the Northeast. And I think we've done very well performing in the environment that we're under. The strike certainly was disappointing, but I'm very -- I think I would like to characterize it as I'm more excited about the outlook for pipeline. We had one bad year in pipeline. We had a great year in 2010, made $100 million in operating income or thereabouts. And we can return this group to profitability in 2012. I'm confident that we can, especially since we've repositioned our presence in the shale formations. The second and third quarter is where you really start getting some really good margins in that business. And I think you've got to look at pipeline on a full year basis in '12. And, yes, I'm disappointed in the fourth quarter. But I'm more optimistic about what we see in '12 for pipeline.
James O'Neil: Well, I think pricing improvement in big -- in the electric transmission market is going to be driven by what labor rates do going forward. I think that's going to be a big driver because if people come -- become scarce and we renegotiate agreements, it could be a factor.
James O'Neil: They are existing customers and it's wireline. What happens is, when, typically, you get this amount of activity going on -- the wireline carriers are very active right now -- they need assistance in managing -- program managing their capital programs. So we're doing more of that function for them. It's more deployment of capital over a larger footprint. And so they tend to outsource that to folks like Quanta to do that work. So there's opportunities with existing customers that are meaningful, that should occur here this year, early this year.
James O'Neil: Jamie, let me address it this way. The diversity of our service offerings is one of the core strengths of this company. Back in 2010, we didn't have a very good year in electric transmission. And the pipeline business was what carried this company, with $100 million in operating income. And, yes, we've had some regularity issues in pipeline, but we had the same regulatory issues in 2010 that pushed projects on the electric transmission side to where they are today. So I know we had a bad year in '11 in pipeline, but we're very bullish on the pipeline business...
James O'Neil: No, we didn't have losses like that, but I can tell you that price recovery to date has given us a great return from the date of acquisition. And we expect that it will return to profitability in '12 and beyond. It is a more cyclical business. It is -- does have less visibility. And I know that frustrates investors, but we're doing what we can to diversify that risk. That's why we're moving into the shale. So I think you're going to see a different profile this year. We've got $450 million in backlog already for this year in local shale work, which is at good margins. It's recurring revenue and there's more visibility there. So we are repositioning ourselves in that segment to be more profitable and have more recurring revenue over time.
James O'Neil: Yes. I mean, if we can get pipeline where it needs to be -- I mean, we're almost there. When you look at Telecom and electric and what they've done in the second half of this year, we're there. We need to get there in pipeline and we can. If we can get the regulatory environment to improve and we will reposition ourselves in these shales, we should be able to get there in pipeline as well.
James O'Neil: Craig, that's a huge opportunity for us over time. It's growing off a smaller base. It's probably less than 10% of the segment's revenues today, but I think that business can grow -- that segment of the business can grow at rates greater than any other segment because of the new things and requirements and so forth that are requiring more intrusive testing of the pipeline integrity. We just bought a pigging company. So now we are able to do our own internal assessment and provide data to the customer. I think we're the only full-service construction company that can now do pipeline, integrity and remediation and provide external and internal data to the customer on the integrity of that pipeline. So that's a huge opportunity for us. We're excited about it, and I think that is another area where we're going to further diversify the pipeline segment over time. That's recurring revenue and it's at good margins.
James O'Neil: Yes, I mean, I think that's a perfect example of what our customers are facing. That's the reinterpretation of existing regulations. And this is a project that was delayed 2 years ago in June, and it's back on the drawing board again. But who knows what's going to happen? And if it goes into the court system because of reliability issues and if the line is determined to be needed, all that does is delay the construction of that line. And that's exactly the regulatory environment that we're facing today and why we've taken our approach on guidance, and I'm getting off track a little bit from your question, but that's a project that should be coming out soon and should be going to construction. So -- but is that really going to happen or not? I don't know. I'm not going to get into the other questions or comments you want me to make because I think that's more for our customers. I could just say that, that's the state of what our customers are going through today, and it impacts us as well.
James O'Neil: I would say that's fair for large projects that we expect to be awarded in the latter half of this year.
James O'Neil: Yes, I think a significant amount of that is stimulus-driven, and we should see positive results from that well into 2013 on Telecom -- Telecom stimulus. And we're largely associated with it, obviously, everyone knows, but the wireline to unserved areas throughout the country. I mean, that's another example where these jobs should have started a year ago, but the environmental impact statements that needed to be filed delayed the process a year. And we all are now seeing the -- we're in the height of the construction period, and that should continue through most of '12 and probably start -- we'll still see some significant revenues in '13, but it will start winding down in '13. And then by that time, we should -- we think that there will be several customers -- or we know for a fact that there are several customers that received the benefit of stimulus that have additional capital programs that they want to bolt on to that program. So we think the spending will be very poor beyond 2013 because there's many customers that have capital they want to deploy as well. And then 4G and LTE should be increasing. So we think that we're not going to see this big drop-off in '13 because, certainly, we've got wireless opportunities increasing and customers that have capital programs on the wireline side that will continue.
James O'Neil: Probably close to 10%. I'm just giving you that directionally, 10%. Everything is going to go up, so the revenue in Canada should increase as well. But it should be approximately 10% of our revenues.
James O'Neil: The large projects that would be done in Canada would be occurring right now probably. Because of the permafrost loss, most of that work is done in the first quarter. So that's probably a good assessment. And in '12, it would relate to the big pipe.
James O'Neil: No, it should help margins. I mean, primarily -- I mean, overall, it's definitely going to help margins because you have a lot of distribution resources going to the small transmission market. So now that you've had distribution pick up, you've got some of those folks going back into distribution. And then it's making the small transmission market, the resources to perform that work even more scarce. Commodity is scarce. So -- but the distribution margins, we operate under MSAs and we've just had less people on those MSAs. So as they return under those agreements, the margins will improve.
James O'Neil: Our acquisition strategy really doesn't change in good times or bad. I mean, we're going to be opportunistic. And if we can find an acquisition candidate that adds a geographical footprint or enhances our core service offering or provides some technology differentiator or customer relationship, we'll look hard at making that acquisition. So, again, our approach to acquisition is pretty consistent, and it hasn't changed over the last 10 to 12 years.
James O'Neil: I'd like to thank you all for participating in our fourth quarter and full year 2011 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
James Haddox: Yes, Jeff. I mean, there's -- there continues to be significant drilling activity in the Eagle Ford, which results into opportunities for Howard Energy both on the development of additional pipelines and on the construction side. Howard Energy is actually made up of a small construction company and a pipeline system. So they're seeing opportunities. Both of them were performing -- the construction company is performing better than we expected it to, and the pipeline company is performing about where we expected it to. But there's still significant activity going on in the Eagle Ford, which gives them opportunities for construction and pipeline development.
James Haddox: Yes, Dan. There weren't any -- I mean, if you're asking if there were any closeout -- big profits booked on closeouts of jobs, no, we didn't see anything like that. We did get some benefit, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, about increased weather -- I mean, increased storm activity, increased emergency restoration services. It was about $29 million over the prior year. It was $45 million in total. So you do get some boost from that. But it's not a real significant number. It was just improving margins basically on the ramp-up of some of these jobs. I mean, you're going to see some quarterly variances just based on seasonality, but sustainability should be fine in that segment.
James Haddox: No, actually, we think you will see a pickup in that. I mean, we -- this year, in 2011, we spent probably -- I think somewhere between $17 million and $20 million in capital on that. And that was because of the slowdown, predominantly in California, with budgetary constraints by the school districts. So we only spent $17 million this year. But their sales season doesn't really -- is ramping up about right now. So you don't see it flow through their backlog numbers or anything else at year end because their sales season is still underway. But we are projecting that we're going to spend $40 million to $50 million next year. So that shows you that, that business is recovering.
James Haddox: In just normal years, Jamie, the pipeline business has created margins that would get us into that range. So we just need to have a good, normal year in pipeline to get there.
