James F. O'Neil: Well, I think that the year on electric is playing out as we expected it to. I think the revenues and margins that we expect to generate are consistent with what we guided at the beginning of the year. We are bidding and negotiating more work than I've ever seen before in the history of this company, and there are many opportunities on both the electric side and on the oil and gas side to build additional backlog. So the outlook is bright from my standpoint. I think we've got significant opportunities. Our guys are really doing a great job in the field executing, and we're meeting our customers' expectations as these projects get bigger and more complex and, as a result, we're getting more opportunities to grow our business as our customer capital programs expand.
James F. O'Neil: Well, as I mentioned on the call, we have a lot of work pending in Canada. And a lot of that work is performed in the winter months when the ground is frozen. You can't work in many of these permafrost areas until that phenomenon occurs. So that's one reason why we're seeing the first quarter, second quarter, not -- we don't see the seasonality that we've seen in the past because we're doing more work in Canada and it's more conducive to work it in the winter. So that's not -- we don't expect any execution issues. To answer your first question, I mean, we've done a really nice job, like I said on the first question, executing across all of our segments and those results are being seen at the bottom line.
James F. O'Neil: Tahira, I don't want to point out any specific project. I'll just tell you that almost all of our key customers are -- really, most of the utilities in the United States are increasing their CapEx going forward. Regulation's a big driver of that spend. That's one reason why I highlighted the physical security of assets needing to be strengthened because that's just another opportunity for us to generate revenues from opportunities. We continue to see positive trends in the electric segment and it bodes well for the future performance.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, Noelle, this is Jim. I'll take that. We're just saying, it's not anything that I would be concerned about. I mean, we still see a very active mainline environment. It really gets into the dynamic of the end of the year, which is more of a cutoff issue for us. And we are seeing some projects push. I mean, when does it -- some projects are starting later in the year than we thought. When does it freeze in Canada? When can you get started? Does the project start more in the fourth quarter or in the first? So it's that type of dynamic. We did have -- there are some projects -- there is at least 1 project that pushed from this calendar year till next from a winter-build standpoint. But I wouldn't say it's anything that we didn't expect that could happen. And it's nothing that really alarms us from a standpoint of the overall market opportunity we see in mainline in the next couple of years.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think you have to. I mean, when you look at multi-year agreements, you really don't know what specific project you're going to be building 3 years out. And the project could be, it could be built in the wintertime or in the summertime so there has to be some shared risk, because you'd -- on any -- and historically, you're bidding on a given project that's starting. The scope of that project is well defined. The time of year you're building it is well defined. The geographic area you're building it is well defined. In these 5-year relationships, it's really -- 3-, 4-, 5-year relationships, it's more of a commitment to meet that customer's needs going forward. So you have to have a more shared-risk approach because you don't know all of those key dynamics that allow you to bid a project and take more risk. And to your question about is the customer going to deal with just 1 contractor or several. I would say that it's all of the above. You could have a customer go with 1 contractor. You have some customers that have such large capital programs over the next several years that they're probably going to have to go with 2 or more.
James F. O'Neil: I would just say that the overall trend is that we have the opportunity to be at record levels backlog again. I'm not going to say it's going to be next quarter or the quarter after. It's just difficult for us to predict that because of the timing and nature of awards. We -- the important thing is we're having discussions with customers. We are in their offices. We work for most of the investor-run utilities and Canadian utilities. We know what's in their capital programs going forward. And that leads us to believe that there is certainly opportunity to build backlog from here. But the timing of whether that happens next quarter or this year, into next year, it's just difficult to predict that.
James F. O'Neil: Well, Dan, let me just say that all of our people are fully deployed in the shales right now doing gathering where we're not doing mainlines. So I would say that the utilization of our crews is very high. I think what we're doing is we've done a really good job of strategically positioning ourselves to where the -- when these mainline projects move to construction that we're able to mobilize on them going forward. And obviously, because of the nature of mainline, the contractual arrangements compared to gathering, those jobs will command higher margins. Like Derrick mentioned, if you can execute to those contingencies, those margins will fall to the bottom line and that's where you're going to get the bump in profits.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think it's the same thing. Scale, labor and equipment are a big advantage in Australia, and I think we pride ourselves on being first movers into areas that we believe will have significant infrastructure builds in the coming years. And there are a lot of dynamics in Australia that bode well for us to grow that business. Right now, we're doing coal seam gas in Queensland, which has got a 10-year run on it. That's where a significant part of our revenues come from today. They're privatizing utilities there. They've got an aging water and telecom infrastructure that needs to be rebuilt. The electric grid needs to be upgraded as well. It's similar age and condition as we see here in the States. You've got a large unconventional shale that's yet to be tapped into, the Cooper oil sands. That's really almost like being in the U.S. back in '08. There's a lot of development and activity that will occur there. So the mining business will return. There's electrification of those mines that needs to happen. Pipeline infrastructure needs to be put into place. So we believe this can be a $1 billion business for us over a period of time or we wouldn't be there. And we're building a service model that's very similar to what we have here in the States to execute on those opportunities.
James F. O'Neil: No, that doesn't change anything from our perspective. We're the largest contractor that has the specialized workforce to do the work on transmission and distribution in North America. And certainly, it doesn't really matter to us who's doing the engineering on those programs.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, Bill, the downstream market is actually as active as the midstream and upstream and we actually are greenfield-ing opportunities in some of the Houston ship channel and some of the refineries and petrochemical plants. So we probably have. It's not material today, but we're certainly building that business, and they've got the same issues as the rest of the services that we provide, whether it's resource limitations. We actually have a company that does EPC substations in the downstream sector. We're also building our electrical service offerings to that sector. Offshore, the demand for our offshore services continues to increase. There's additional CapEx being deployed into deepwater. The shelf really hasn't slowed down the Gulf of Mexico. We fabricate and install production systems on offshore platforms. There's some mechanical hook-up work that we're doing, there's some redundant pipeline systems that are being built offshore, off the Eastern Seaboard. We're involved in 1 project which we, I believe, talked about in the past. So it's Williams -- we're working with Williams to do some work for National Grid off of New York State. So it's a very active environment right now. And we're real pleased with the progress we've made there and continue to see opportunities to grow that business.
James F. O'Neil: We haven't given guidance beyond our commentary that we see double-digit growth in 2015. Certainly, we'll plan to roll our commentary forward when we get comfortable to do so. There's a lot of puts and -- pushes and pulls, obviously, with permitting and siting. Our customer capital programs indicate that there will be that opportunity there with the spending that we expect over the next 5 years. But as far as us translating that into how that will affect us over any calendar year, we're not at that point yet to discuss that.
James F. O'Neil: The pricing environment continues to be strong, and margins and backlog are comparable to what we're executing on today.
James F. O'Neil: Craig, that's an excellent point. And because of the discussions that we are having with customers, it feels very much the same as the late part of 2010 when we were about to impart on this construction, this transmission construction up cycle that we've seen over the last 3 years. And it's a very similar feeling with what we're seeing on mainline. And it's not just Quanta, it's the industry in general. It's all of the contractors and all of the customers. Because of these detailed discussions we've been having with them over the last year, because we all know there's a significant amount of work to be done and there's a limited amount of resources, and it's a very, very -- it's the same. It's the same. It's déjà vu over again, but with the oil and gas sector, not the electric power transmission business.
James F. O'Neil: I think it just depends upon on how these projects lay out. So it could happen in '15 if things get -- projects lay out perfectly for the customers, perhaps you don't get that dynamic. But it could happen in '15, it could happen in '16. I'll just say there's a significant amount of work to our customers are concerned about it. The capacity in Canada is less than what -- significantly less than what the U.S. has, and certainly that's going to be a pinch point as well. So it's a multi-year phenomenon that can occur. It can be seasonal as well but certainly the contractors' ability to support customers is going to be challenged as customers move forward with their programs here over the next 2 years.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I'd like to thank all of you for participating in our second quarter 2014 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you and this concludes our call for today.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, Tahira, this is Derrick. As it relates to the top end on the EPS side, we've guided throughout the early portion of this year that we'd have some degree of mainline awards as a potential and we had a degree of uncommitted work associated with those mainline awards and it looks as though that -- although that some of those awards are coming about, that most of that production would actually occur in 2015, which is one of the things that we had said relative to our overall guidance, is that, that opportunity existed. So because of that and the work occurring more the -- either the very, very end of '14 or rolling into '15, we've decided we would reduce the top end of the EPS range. Having said that, the overall growth of the company in most everything else is still continuing to grow. It's just that the contribution at the mainline will be pushed off a little bit. So that's why revenues you see still yet within that higher portion of the range.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick. As it relates to the second quarter, the margin came in about 9%. We had anticipated that the margin would be impacted during the quarter, predominantly associated with the breakup effects, late winter breakup effects that we had talked about in the first quarter. That's the predominant effect of that. It came in probably, I'll say [ph] maybe a little bit lower than we expected because not only the impact of the breakup, but then we also had various wet weather associated with the spring weather in the Midwest and various other factors. We had some startup costs associated with some new MSA work. We had a little bit of transition from some of the transmission work such that we had some slight negatives associated with some job closeouts. So a couple of different things happened but, by far, the predominant impact was associated with breakup. As it relates to the rest of the year, we continue to see the margins in electric power to be in the 10% to 12% range, and I would anticipate that the third and fourth quarter are going to have margins from what we would see today comparable to what you've seen in previous periods.
Derrick A. Jensen: No. Actually, I would say that -- although recently, the fourth quarter has had some strong quarters, I mean, generally speaking, the fourth quarter for us has a tendency to trend down. I mean, the third quarter historically is always the highest quarter and then the fourth quarter has a tendency to trend down, both in revenue and in EPS, predominantly associated with weather-type effects. As we stand here today, I think the fourth quarter revenues can -- will trend down a little bit. They may end up being a little bit equal, but I think the margins themselves will continue to trend down like historically, based upon the seasonal impacts.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick. We continue to see Canada be a growing component of our business. And historical, those numbers were probably in the 10% range. But as we continue to see our current outlook, I think you're going to see Canada get up into the 15% and 20% range of our business. I think that the backlog is probably somewhat comparable, what you see backlogged in Canada being somewhat comparable to that percentage. Australia right now is probably still a relatively small percentage. It's under 5%, but as Jim said, the aspects of growth there are pretty solid. So with the acquisitions and the dynamics of that market, I think they will continue to grow. But as of now, I don't think I'd say that I anticipate it getting above anywhere a 5% range for at least the near term.
Derrick A. Jensen: Dan, I think when you said boost, I'm not sure if you're talking about oil and gas or electric power. Electric power we had a degree of negativity from some changes. But on...
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, I think oil and gas is what you're referring to, sets that [ph]. It's not job closeouts. It's just continuing to execute to contingencies on the job. Those jobs actually are still in progress. So there wasn't really any closeout. It's just the execution on the jobs such that we're able to continue to execute through contingencies and therefore, see a higher overall performance on the projects themselves. As it relates to the rest of the year within that segment, we see -- I think probably in the third quarter, we'll be able to be in the 9% to 12% range. And then when you're looking at the fourth quarter overall, we have some degree of seasonality expectations so that the range contemplates something that'd be below the 9% to 12% range, to something that may be still in the 9% to 12% range depending on seasonality.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, during the quarter itself, we really didn't make any significant acquisition. So there was nothing there per se. But the CPP acquisition, which happened post-the quarter end, the backlog associated with it was roughly about -- probably about $50 million. But that was acquired post-June 30.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, I mean it's -- we don't project our cash flows publicly. They are quite volatile. Usually it's associated with the seasonality of the business and oftentimes what happens there in the fourth quarter. I do believe that we have the capabilities of having good cash flow still yet based upon the way things flow, more specifically, to the extent that we have revenues decline in the fourth quarter off the third quarter if that seasonal effect happens. That generally creates a pretty strong fourth quarter cash flow. So it's difficult for me to say -- call out anything specific, but I do think that we'll still be able to be positive free cash flow for the year.
Derrick A. Jensen: Craig, this is Derrick. Yes, as we've talked, the contribution of additional mainline work continues to give us confidence that on an annual basis, you'd be able to see margins in the 9% to 12% range. From the seasonal impact of that, it's a little difficult to say yet. We haven't gotten into looking at the quarter guidance of '15 to see as to whether we'd be in a spot where the -- that 9% to 12% would carry into, as an example, the first quarter, which is our seasonally lowest quarter. I would say that I still believe, as we stand here today, that the seasonality effects will generally still be such that the first quarter will be our lowest margins of a given period. But as to how that's going to translate directly into 2015, that's hard to say. From this year, I think that you'll see the third quarter continuing to be able to have the opportunity to be in the 9% to 12% range for that segment and then the fourth quarter seasonality, putting a degree of pressure on that. But long-term, we feel confident that all of the projects that Jim has talked as opportunities for us would continue to get us into an annual 9% to 12% operating performance.
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure, I mean, the revenues are down because of the ancillary telecom business. We combined telecom revenues that are not associated with the fiber business together with our legacy fiber business. As it relates to the overall segment itself, we still see growth opportunities probably in the mid-single digit range. Predominantly in the long-term double-digit growth opportunities driven from our moving into the lit fiber market. From a margin perspective, I'd still say that we see margins in the 30% to 35% range. There's a little bit of fluctuation that occurs in that associated, as we've called out today, on the maintenance cost of the network. But I continue to expect margins likely in the 30% to 35% range as it states for now. In the near term, has the risk of it being a little bit lower because of the lit fiber dynamics as we start to roll that out, but in the long term, I still think that we'll feel comfortable that it'd be in the upper end of that range.
