Earl Austin: Yes. Chad, thanks. When we look at our MSA work going forward, I think when we're working with the customers in a collaborative manner, we're looking at their capital spend, they're working with us, and we're looking at that body of work or that body of capital over time and providing solutions to them through an MSA form. So it allows us to work with them in a strategic manner on a go-forward basis. And yes, somewhat to lock up resources, but also to make sure from a constructability and a prudency manner that we can go out and deliver it. I think when you look at labor and look at what we've done with labor and our ability to perform and perform at a cost and on time, we've been able to do that. And so the clients are recognizing that, and that's why we're having these conversations in a long-term manner and also independent services. As far as how we look at escalations in labor, we do pricing and escalations on all of our labor as we move forward. So that's something that we do and have done for the past 50 years.
Earl Austin: Yes. There's two parts to most of these projects when you're thinking about renewables or anything really for that matter, battery storage. Your interconnections or substations and your collector systems that allow you to push the generation or storage onto the grid, so we're certainly involved in that on a daily basis. It's fairly technical and that's part of this. And the risk on the battery is big battery. So both of those things are something that we do quite often and very transferable from our standpoint on a go-forward basis, so something that we believe is right down the fairway for us. And when we look at pricing, it's both fixed, both unit-based, both lump sum either way, but we're very comfortable in that -- those type of projects. And we're not taking output risk or we're not taking product risk either on any of that.
Earl Austin: I think we set out -- the company set out 6, 7 years ago to really work with the client at the customer level to develop a relationship-based discussion to provide them with resources for capital. And so when the customers have been struggling to get their capital spend because of permitting, because of engineering or whatever it may be, we felt like we can make a difference there, and there wouldn't be an intermediary between us and the client. And we felt like from a constructability position, we could better service the client to build. And so that, from our standpoint, we could deliver the resources, we could talk to the client on the front side of the business and deliver a capital project that was at the best cost to the rate payer. And that's how we look at it. We look at it from a rate payer standpoint and work with the client to deliver the best product we can in a prudent manner.
Earl Austin: Yes. Sean, I think when you look at the company, you look at the portfolio, we are getting operating leverage out of these larger operating units within our -- in the company. And when you look at the quarter, the second quarter, if you look at adjusted EBITDA in the second quarter, it's double digits. We set out to produce double-digit EBITDA, we're doing it. And yes, there's opportunities in our industrial segment on a go-forward basis to pick those up into higher upper single digits like we talked about before and also that piece of the segment. But in general, we're still looking at this in a portfolio. And we don't care if it's underground gas or underground electric, we are there to make sure that we fully utilize our resources and fully utilize equipment to produce the highest margin we can, no matter what the segment is.
Earl Austin: Yes. Thanks, Jamie. Telecom, kind of mid-single digits in the quarter, moving towards parity to electric on the forecast going forward. I think we're very close to that. As far as the balance sheet, when we look at it, obviously, we value everything against our stock. There's no shortage of opportunity in the market for sure. But we've transformed the company a little while back, and I think we're really proud of what we've done, and we're going to be prudent about how we go forward. There is places that we see that provide opportunity, both regionally and structurally, within the service line segments that we'll be looking at. But we look at a lot of different things and think about a lot of it strategically over the next decade, and we'll position the company properly going forward. But right now, we can grow the company organically as well. We've done that with Puerto Rico. I think it's still unnoticed. It's still undervalued. The opportunity there that we got in service this quarter, it's just amazing what the company has done and the people of this company. So I just -- that opportunity is large, and we're proud of it. As far as underground, we have a significant amount of underground out in the West, probably some of the largest in the West. So we're able to perform within the segments on the underground that we see. But if we can enhance the margins and certainly, we'll look at those acquisitions as we move forward.
Earl Austin: Yes. When we look at the infrastructure bill, I don't think anything we've talked about -- anything on a go-forward basis that we talked about, we can do without the bill. The bill itself, there's large transmission, 2030 projects out there that are not utility-based. For the most part, they're difficult that if you got some DOE backstop and things like that, it would certainly move those forward. That would be great for the industry, great for the renewable sentiment and things of that nature. So no issues there, and it would certainly be additive to anything we've talked about. But that being said, the sentiment around renewables and the interconnections and what's needed, I spoke to my script about redundancy. And it goes unrecognized, the way technology and the way EV and the way any kind of intermittency affects any kind of infrastructure, that you need constant throughput. So data, electric, it doesn't matter. You need the redundancy if you're going to depend on it. And that's the issue, is we haven't started really to get ready for EV, and the modernization of the distribution system to handle electric vehicles is something that's just starting and has a long runway. So I think that, along with the great interconnects and the stacking effects that you see within the infrastructure bill, will only support growth going forward in anything that we've said on a go-forward basis.
Earl Austin: Also, I think it's important to note the amount of storm we had last year versus what you see this year is significant. I mean Derrick can tell you the numbers, but basically, we don't forecast storm in any of our models. So there's -- we're doing this without the storm as well.
Earl Austin: Yes. Noelle, I mean, we stay pretty close to it. We're not -- there's some effect to steel a bit. Labor, some. When we look at it, we're not seeing the big impacts or anything like that, maybe incidental here or there, but nothing that what I would say structurally -- that is impacting the work going forward. I think anything that we're doing is necessary. If you're going towards any kind of 2030-, 2050-type sentiment and you're bringing in this many electric vehicles and you want this much renewables, it's necessary to move forward. And we're not -- we're just not seeing it.
Earl Austin: Yes. I think we talked about this before. We need to go back in kind of the '08, '09 time frame. They had some kind of demand that went into '11, '12 and beyond. I think we're going to see the same thing starting in '22. Back half of this year has got some pickup in it. But as we start to see traffic, and we're seeing some of it now. But again, I predicated on some sort of a normalized economy and pandemic-related effects as we move forward. That being said, I think '22, either way, is going to be the start of a multiyear, tight maintenance and nice margins into more of a normal basis for Stronghold.
Earl Austin: When we look at the offices, the structural issues have start increasing. I think year-over-year, we're up 3,500 employees or so in North America, and that's with the downturn in Lat Am. So when we think about putting those resources on when -- the electric segment is a mature segment that we're able to do that without really margin decline. So you're seeing that we're utilizing those offices also to work on gas, telecom from a margin standpoint and grab as much operating leverage as we can on a portfolio basis. So that's there. I think structurally, the thing that's different is you have the impacts of Puerto Rico, which Derrick can comment on, that is also driving that margin profile up. We are getting good utilization out of the resources. The funding capabilities are certainly helping us become more efficient. The training that we've put into -- that we've invested in with our line schools and how we're getting people to the field quicker is helping and deferring some of the later costs that we would normally see because we're getting it done upfront. So we're really -- I think the impacts of the things that we've done 5, 6 years ago are starting to take place today.
Earl Austin: Yes. There's always lessons learned on something that goes the wrong way from any kind of standpoint. So sure, I mean, we'll learn. But I think, for the most part, the credit risk of the company and the people that we work for are very solid. And this was kind of a long process that the EPA came in, and we couldn't see it coming. And I think, in general, the job itself is profitable, and we ended up with this write-off. And certainly, I don't think we'll be talking about it again. Yes. And structurally, the company doesn't have these kind of things with it. But I'll let Derrick comment.
Earl Austin: Yes. So the opportunity, we've talked about it. It's large. It's early. So we'll be working with the client, one of our larger customers. California is one of our largest states. So in my mind, when we look at it, obviously, we think it's -- we're in a unique position, unique opportunity for us. It's very hard at this stage to judge what that means for us on a go-forward basis, especially in California. So we'll be prudent about how we talk about it until we know more. We'll work with the client, like we always have. And I do think it benefits us both near and long term. And no, it doesn't -- the effects of undergrounding something doesn't prevent someone from having maintenance. It does help with fire. It does help on certain things, but there will still be plenty of maintenance. That does cut out trimming of trees, which we don't do. So -- but the maintenance on underground and transformers and wire and everything else that goes along with it is certainly there. We do it on a daily basis today. There's a lot of underground within the system today that we maintain, rehab, do many, many things within that realm of possibility. So I think the opportunities are large. In the past, I would have said it didn't make sense to underground. But given the fact that -- what you're seeing with loss of life and the amount, the dollars that are spent on fire, I think it makes a lot of sense. It's a bold kind of big project. But when you think about what's going on, you're always under the gun of bankruptcy or something within fire, it makes perfect sense. I think it's smart, long term, and we'll be working with the client.
Earl Austin: I think we're in a unique position to -- in a prudent way and a cost-effective way, to install battery charging systems, especially high-voltage battery chargers. So we'll be working with the utilities, working with the OEMs, working with manufacturers of vehicles. So all of them. I think, for us, we're happy to try to facilitate that build. But the underlying -- and to quantify it, I'm not sure about how large that piece of it is. What I will say is what's necessary is a distribution system behind it to support that. Is -- from our standpoint, over the next 15 years, 20 years, the amount of work that needs to be done to modernize these distribution systems to allow you to install these charging systems is extremely significant.
Earl Austin: I think the funding -- the infrastructure bill also discussed the funding in Puerto Rico as well. So that's beneficial down there for sure. There's already frame of funding that's appropriated to the island. It should start next year. As far as where we sit and how we think about it, the grid was in bad shape. And I feel like from Quanta's standpoint, our partner's standpoint there, ATCO, that we did a really nice job under extreme difficult situation on the island. And every day, it gets better. Every day, we modernize that system, not from the lack of social media and propaganda, we've made a difference already. We'll continue. I think we'll look back in the next 3 to 4 years and be extremely proud of what we've done as a company. And the people in the island will benefit and see the benefit of what's being done. We really like where we sit. We're having good discussions all throughout the island with not only local -- the economy and the people and everything around it. So the opportunity there is large, and we look forward to the future there. And I commend our people and everything they did to throw their sleeves up and take a lot of heat but also deliver on the back side of it.
Earl Austin: I think we've talked about kind of double-digit growth on the 85% of the business. We still see that high single-upper-digit growth. There's stacking of larger projects. We've commented many times, and I'll say it again, we believe we can grow EPS double digits as long as we can use our balance sheet. And we still believe that. We still believe that we can grow it year-over-year. And that's what we -- that's how we look at it.
Earl Austin: We're not seeing the impacts of that at this point. There's certainly some, I would say, noise in the system, but we're not seeing those impacts with material deliveries and things of that nature. It makes some of the work a little difficult. It gets out of sequence here or there, but we're typically able to overcome that and move around. Some of the projects are larger. We're moving on to something different and able to overcome any kind of material delay. We're working with the client way upfront. And when we talk about front end and things we can do, if we're working with the client way upfront, it allows us to work with them. We know the delays coming so we can move with our resources around and stay productive, stay prudent, and it helps both us and the client long term. And that's the beauty of a collaboration. So we're not seeing those impacts.
Earl Austin: I'll stick to industrial service business. I'll let Derrick comment on the numbers. So the industrial service business, when you look at it, we believe it's rebounding. We're booking the '22 type seasons. We see '22 coming back to a more normal state, maybe better. It's really early. But the demand for '22 and beyond, we see it. We're talking to the clients about catalyst replacements and things like that, that are coming back. So we think it's -- parting kind of later this year into '22, it's going to be nice business, a more normalized state going forward and talking to client [indiscernible].
Earl Austin: Some of the things that you're seeing, you're seeing multiyear agreements, there were falling capital spends, you're seeing multiyear capital spends being talked about when that wasn't the case 5 years ago. And so we are staying in front of that with the client. So that's some of your backlog growth. And when you think about year-over-year, we're up 3,000, something like that, call it, very close to it, year-over-year, that's the kind of growth that we're putting on from a people aspect within these segments. So I think those are the type of numbers that you'll see going forward, which delivers sort of kind of 85% double-digit type growth that we discussed.
Earl Austin: Yes. I want to thank the people of LUMA in Puerto Rico. That was -- June 1 was a tough day. And I think from our standpoint, it's monumental. We did a nice job down there and the safety that we've been able to encompass throughout. And so I commend them and everyone and anyone that are in the fields. It doesn't go unnoticed here. So I want to thank them first. And thank you for participating in our conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes the call.
Derrick Jensen: Sure. So we do have a component of larger projects that will continue into the '22 period versus the back half of this year. Some of that is a little bit of work that I called out there in my prepared remarks. So that's putting a little bit of kind of higher ratio to that. And then beyond that, I mean, it's still yet -- as we look at electric power, we continue to look at it. There are opportunities in the range of the guidance there, but some of it is still yet from a ratio perspective at work drifting into '22, considering where we're at.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. Well, I mean, to that point, as a reminder, 2020, we had $442 million of storm work. And as it stands here today, our current forecast is only anticipating about $200 million. So we have a year-over-year headwind in overall revenue numbers. And actually, to be even a little bit -- even more specific, when we talk about in our guidance having a double-digit revenue growth opportunity in electric power, to put that in context, for the third quarter of last year, we did $207 million of emergency restoration work versus, as we come up to the rest of this year, right now, you're looking at only about another $80 million or $90 million forecast. So being able to achieve that type of growth in the back end of the year on top of that storm work is -- we're pretty proud of that.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. I mean, Steve, as you look at over the years, I mean, our allowance for credit losses is generally below $10 million against a very large net position. A credit situation is very, very rare in our situation. We have a high-quality customer base, some of the largest, best companies in the U.S. market. So this is an anomaly. It's a very unusual type of event. We have very few times that we end up finding ourselves in an LP or some other structure like that versus the primary operating company. So we're not really concerned about, on a go-forward basis, this being something of indication. But yes, to your point and Duke's point, we'll continue to monitor that as we take on any new customers.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. And as a percentage, it's still running pretty consistent, between the 10% and 15% range of total revenues for the underground group.
Derrick Jensen: And some of that backlog is also renewals. We have renewals that -- we have MSAs that are rolling off or historical and then we're coming through and we're renewing that. And you have a bigger pop into it, and that's a part of what's in that equation now. But -- so yes, with the same level of visibility on the renewal as we had in the previous execution.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. I mean each time we were seeing the renewals, right, we're building off of growth. And so the visibility is to have those play out, attack into a little bit larger number overall.
