Earl Austin: Yes Noelle, I think what you're seeing is just some seasonality in the business. And when we're talking about the electric side, we are talking seasonality in the first quarter due to the pull down of LatAm impact which Derrick talked about, as well as some of the crew moving in the West. Let me talk a little bit about it. I think what you're seeing there as we just have movement there in the first quarter, in the fourth quarter, that's not normal in the business. And if you go back and you look at what we've done in America, last year we were at double-digits in the Electric segment. Next year it will be at double digits. And for the last 10 years, we've been at double-digits on a cumulative basis. You'll see that this year, it doesn't matter what PG&E does or not. We're certainly working with them. It is creating some lumpiness, the way we move our credit it’s not normal. But, when you look at the opportunity that's there the $37 billion that I didn't see a note on I would have - kind of want to see that every now and then, but against PG&E, that they are talking about spending over the next decade it's significant. And I think we need to be there, we’re around the edges there. And it's certainly a great opportunity as we go forward over the coming years of our base business. So that's just a little bit of what's going on. So, to answer your question, no it doesn't matter.
Earl Austin: Yes, I think if you look at it, I mean, we gave you some representation of what's going on all of our utility customers are increasing their CapEx year-over-year to facilitate the modernization of the systems or the hardening of the systems. If you're interconnecting renewables and those type of things as well, we just see broad base the gas, same thing on the gas side of the business, continued spending to modernize that. It's just an ongoing thing that we're in the middle of, they have some attrition going on within our utility customers. It's allowing us to grow our business there. We are seeing an uptick in large projects on the electric side. The gas side remains, decent - our Canadian operations it's certainly coming back. We're seeing things there, but I don't think you need some mega project to grow from our backlog those ones that are announced in Canada are 24 or 36 months, the burn on them is not great. So in my mind, we can increase it through our MSA renewals, new customers, new service lines that we're doing organically. And just for us, the opportunities are out there that we see. We believe we can grow backlog in 2020 and beyond.
Earl Austin: I think we looked at our portfolio going into next year. We felt like it was prudent to ring-fence, to talk about what the guide was and pull it out of at least give you some idea of what we're talking about there. In the first quarter, we're closing offices and doing some things like that, just have lease expenses on things of that nature. There is opportunity to call some of that back if we sell some assets, countries, things like that the business is in those. So there is some opportunities to call that back, I don't think from my standpoint what we see today that's it, you see it, that's kind of our look at it. We believe we can kind of close that down within the 12 months. We do feel confident in our position there on the arbitration. It will take 24 months or longer to get that money, but we do believe we will get that. So we were cognizant of that as we go in and start early and closing down LatAm, but it was certainly something that we needed to talk to the investment community about and ring-fencing and go on with the rest of our business. So that's been done. We feel like we're in a good spot there and we'll continue to move forward on the rest of the business.
Earl Austin: I think if you go year-over-year, the last four years, we've tried to be prudent on our guidance and we will continue to do so. I think, we took a good look at what we had and opportunities are out there, give you a top side of it. We’ve normally beat the midpoint and we’ll continue to work hard at doing that this year. The opportunity for us on the larger diameter work or the bigger work is certainly there. We're going to take a risk profile that we always have, and make sure that the risk - of those projects don't degrade the rest of the company. So we're doing well underneath it, we can grow it. The opportunity for us to grow is certainly they're past the midpoint. But I feel like as we start the year, we have some contingencies built in on our Canadian projects and things of that nature, like we always would. So that will press margins a bit on the Canadian side, but on a go forward basis. It really looks good for the next two or three years on the Canadian side, because we have that - those things there and I believe will execute through some of those contingencies over the next 24 months. But as we start it, we’ll be prudent about it. We’re also be prudent about the guide on big pipe. Look, when we look at it, we take a risk adjusted approach to it. If we win it, we win it, if we don't, we don't. We're happy either way. So but - we're after all those opportunities as we move forward.
Earl Austin: I don't think even if the ACP got approved in June, and I don't think it has meaningful contribution this year. I think it's primarily - in 2021 in my mind. Like I said, the opportunities are out there for other work, other - kinds of work with our utility customers. So I'm confident that will stay busy. And you can see the margin improvement on the guide there's opportunities past that like we said - our goal is to get an upper single-digits, and we're doing everything necessary to get scale all these offices and get us there over time.
Earl Austin: I think the company is in a great position as far as the hardening efforts to the West. We certainly have the resources and the capability is there its complex environment in California even in the West. So when we look at it, we're right in the middle of it, we're talking on a daily basis, the opportunities multi or even decades of work there. So, we'll approach it that way. It certainly starts a little slow and then ramp. So, we will get to some normalization I believe by the end of the year there. If it's not there, we still see the South East quite a bit of work the Northeast, it doesn't really matter where you're at. The modernization that's necessary for electric vehicles, just in general across our utility base is necessary. We talked about the 8% growth their CapEx over time and that's certainly across the board. And they also have attrition going on as well, which we're helping out there and collaborating with our customers. We like our end markets. We're in a right position. We've talked about it. We've shown the growth over the past four years against that backdrop call it $130 billion, $160 billion worth of CapEx/OpEx, year-over-year that's growing at 8%. We really like that as a base and our backdrop against it.
Earl Austin: I think when we look at acquisitions we don't look at them as imminent. We do you see some reports about building earnings and in the future on those acquisitions. We do not do that. We’re opportunistic. We have an approach. We have from our mind, a way that we go about it. The acquisitions we can't really predict when they come in. So we don't know what this year will bring. There's certainly opportunity for us to acquire out there to match of strategic needs. But I don't see - we will look at capital as I said before against our stock price to make sure that whatever we do is accretive against our stock. So that being said and our working capital needs going forward so the allocations haven't changed. There's certainly opportunities, but none of them are eminent.
Earl Austin: Yes, we really don't talk about - on job by job basis and especially one that doesn't really drive anything this year. In my mind, I don't have a comment on it. We don't keep a track of it like that. We have a certainly a significant amount left to go.
Earl Austin: Certainly, we don't think the valuation is what it should be. In our mind, we continue to talk about what we've done as a company, what we believe we can do going forward, the macro markets, what our utility customers are doing, but 90% of our business is doing. So as we look at it, if we see the opportunities, you can look at our history, we've leaned into it. We have no problem leaning into it on a go forward basis, and we'll do so if necessary.
Earl Austin: I think when you look at it, you continue to see outsourcing increase over time. Certainly every utility has a different model. And they'll always have some work for so. When we look at it, we just work with them and try to look at attrition, look at their attrition help them with their own crews as well as us. And so, when we think about it, it's a collaborative effort with the industry to make sure that we have enough resources, craft skilled labor resources on a go forward basis. Obviously, the attrition trend - the outsource trend has certainly been there and will remain, but that being said, they'll still do some of that work in-house over time. It is a big piece of it.
Earl Austin: I think, it's a robust even the underlying kind of not even a large where from our standpoint, there's quite a bit of work out there. We're seeing it. Its broad based across the board, the bigger transmission like I said, it's an uptick for us we're seeing bigger jobs moving around. So that's good thing good sign. We’re layered on top of the base business, but I expect us to be fully utilized.
Earl Austin: I think, we talked about the bigger projects being more robust right now than it has been. So the opportunity is there certainly bigger than they were a year ago.
Earl Austin: I think the projects are there, the opportunities are there. We will just look at it from a risk profile. We win them, we win them if we don't, we don’t it's not necessary for us to win large projects to make our number. So, we certainly price the risk. We see a difference sometimes and others do. I don't know from my standpoint, we’ll announce them when we win them and we have the opportunity to win a bunch.
Earl Austin: I think when you look at Quanta, and you think about us and from a programmatic standpoint, and what we're doing on large projects, it's much greater than $6 billion. That number continues to grow from programmatic spins to just one off projects. They're out there. We talked about each time, we talked about Puerto Rico, we talked about big fire Harding programs 5G how we fit there on those programmatic spends. Those are things that are big in nature and the company's working on strategically, so when we talk about it, it is not a one-off projects sometimes it may be $5 billion of programmatic spend over 10 years. So it's not just one project. And I think that's why we're confident in our backlog, our backlog approach, and the things that we're doing as a company underlying on the base business, is just driving all that, and we continue to talk about the big ones when we win them, they're out there.
Earl Austin: As far as how it goes, we're really pleased with the company and where it sits. I think from our standpoint, it's doing better than expected or at least on track. As we discussed in the past, the management team is phenomenal, we're extremely pleased with that and what we can do there from the synergistic standpoint, and future years. So we like it. We like the platform. We were extremely happy with that. And we should see that both through there on the P&I side in the future years.
Earl Austin: Yes, so, no, I mean, retainage balances move periodically with us in a large project, and as you move forward the timeline those things are a lot of times get wrapped up into when you get to the final completions or each individual final billing. As it stands here, I mean, those things are normal for us. We had actually kind of a coincidental timing that we had both larger portions of retains, like go here in fourth quarter, but on a go forward basis, there is anything unusual or standing out and buried in the retainers balances of the normal work. Then on PG&E, we have about $5 million of the prepetition still outstanding and those things were actually not receivables. There's a component of unbilled. We still as every month goes by, we continue to whittle down on that balance with so much other activity going on. You know, honestly, some of that stuff just takes a little bit of time. I mean, in the grand scheme of things, but there's just a small little unbilled balances we’re continuing to pursue resolution on. And then relative to Peru, no new activity that's the comments that Duke had laid out, that as it stands here, we continue to look at that as going on it, we'll continue to be pursuing that I think for 2020. We have nothing in our current expectations towards collections of that, although we still think we have a strong case and we making strong progress through the year towards the resolution.
Earl Austin: Yes, I would like to thank everyone in the field, ladies and gentleman they are working hard for us every day and our shareholders they certainly world class craft skilled labor and management teams out there. So we want to thank them for what they’ve done in 2019 as we go into 2020. I like to thank you for participating in the fourth quarter conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you, this concludes our call.
Derrick Jensen: No, I think when you look at those businesses, we've done a really nice job of creating margin enhancement year-over-year, even our guidance this year, you see somewhat of a 7 handle on it. I really like where we're at, I like it was a strategy, it was an approach - to be more sustainable and deliver those results over time. Our Northeast expansion certainly enhances that it gives us a nice platform there on that piece of work. And we needed that to really kind of go with the rest of the margins. As far as what the opportunity is, we've talked about getting them in the upper single-digits. I think that's still the goal of the company and actually to operate the whole business in double-digit adjusted EBITDA. So, when we think about it, certainly there's some improvement there. We're working on it. As you get scaling in those offices and we get synergies out of the northeast and the things that we're doing there. We really like the business and we do think it's sustainable, which is what was important to us, is that to make sure that that is repeatable and sustainable going forward. So, we like where we're at, opportunities are good and we continue to see multiple utility customers with large CapEx spends going out 30 years.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, I think when we look at the $500 million plus and 5% of the business, and we talked about it quite a bit. But I would say, from my standpoint we're good with the numbers, we're good with the midpoint. There is opportunities for us to grow our larger diameter pipe, brighter than $500 million they're out there. Certainly, we see that as a minimum this year, we believe we can book that. I would tell you, it doesn't. In our mind, if they're not doing that they can do sub large parameter projects on low pressure distribution. Still, that equipment can be utilized, I mean other places, but I'm opportunistic on that. But what I will say is the business itself, if you look at it and look at what we're doing, we're really executing against the backdrop of utility spend. And if you go to Slide 9 of the slides provided you can see some of our customers and what the impact of that is both gas and electric. That's the backdrop of this company and 90% of the backlog is that and it continues and we continue to see it grow. We talked about it growing 8%. We don't need large diameter pipe to grow this business. It just layers on top with the other opportunities that are out there such as Keystone, Puerto Rico, other things like that, that would layer on top of your 90% base business.
Derrick Jensen: Nothing unique to the way that we are operating the business. I mean, we did have some delays in DSOs there in the second and third quarter. We did say that we would have every expectation, we would see improvements of that into the fourth, maybe drifting a little bit. But we're able to achieve almost all of that improvement here in the fourth. Reality though is, is that you can see that it's really bringing us back into kind of just normal levels. I mean, we ran into about and 80-day DSO that's really effectively what we've averaged over quite some period of time. So I'd tell you that it's really returning effectively to just normal operation. On a go forward basis, I mean, we will still always try to strive to have the DSOs be lower than that and we achieved that last fourth quarter as an example. But as we look at 2020 right now, I think that we will probably still be having an overall expectation of call it an 80 day range, maybe a little higher, maybe a little lower if we're still yet able to bring some level of improvement into it. One other thing though that unique to the fourth quarter, little bit of - the strength of it came, we had some accelerated retainage collections as well, not just from the Fort McMurray, which we called out last time but we have some pipeline balances that we thought might drift into the fourth quarter of 2020, and we're able to get to the execution and work with the customer to get some of those balances collected here in the fourth quarter. So that was a little bit of an uptick there. But overall, just good solid focus on continuing to try to bring the cash in the door.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, so in my prepared remarks, I commented that the first quarter does have a degree of insurance proceeds coming into it. Beyond that, though there's nothing unique and useful we as it stands we have not forecasted anything associated with the recollection of outflows for Peru and the bond. So the rest of it is just the dynamic - the way the model works relative to the working capital against those revenue growth.
Derrick Jensen: One additional bit of clarification is that, there are no additional costs associated with unique Peru project though. These are all just associated with the LatAm overall.
Derrick Jensen: Hi Jamie, I think when we look to the communication business, we see the opportunity there it certainly there. We took a prudent approach to getting in it. We didn't go into the major cities. We felt like there was a lot of risk there. So we stayed in tier two cities. As that burns off, and the rest of the backlog starts to move in. This year I feel certainly that we can operate parity we're doing that in the field today. The opportunity is greater as we prove out our abilities to take on complex projects with these customers We’re used to APC, we’re used to permitting risk or used to those kind of risks within the cities and our offices are located all across North America. So, it allows us a real backdrop or the customers on the communication side to rely on us for the big programmatic spend. That's coming up on both small cells and fiber. So we're working with them, we like our opportunity and when we do think we can get into the $1 billion range like we talked about, and you know, in the medium to short-term here.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, so no, I think that just the typical kind of quarter progression that we do see that it could be flat and/or some negative dynamics in the first, second, and third quarter with positive there in the fourth. Doesn't mean that we will be negative. It's just kind of calling out the same type dynamics we have a normal seasonality as per as the growth of the business, there's a tendency to draw capital.
