Duke Austin: Good morning, Chad. The policy and the plan under administration, I do think it benefits us. As always states have a lot of say in right-of-ways and easements and permits. So I do think that that will be a sticking point as we move forward. But even without the plan, I would say the sentiment around the carbon-free environment neutrality is there we continue to see larger projects that are moving forward. So it's a robust environment in my mind with or without the federal funding. So I -- while it's good, I believe every bit of that would be incremental to anything we've commented on in the past. As well -- as far as water we do some water now. Anything involves cross-skill labor, we're riding there on it and looking at it. We believe that's kind of our core to us is our ability to perform that. So we do look at water quite a bit. I'm not signaling anything on that. I just -- we do look at it.
Duke Austin: When we look at the underground business, again we look at these businesses as a portfolio. So I would just say the LDC business, the integrity business there is working out nicely. We like where we sit from a base business and repeatable sustainable model. But the industrial business was down as we've talked about through COVID. We do see signs of life there. We have a really nice model. The things that we perform on the industrial sector are certainly necessary. There are signs of life there. As Derrick commented, I think, when we get to the second quarter, we'll know a lot more about where the economy is going and what we think about the industrial side. In my mind, certainly, opportunity on the back side of the year and 2022 looks really robust.
Duke Austin: No. The phrase it was three or four days. I know it got a lot of press and certainly loss of life and -- but really it was three or four days. And while it was an impact to the quarter, the industrial sector performed well. I mean, we did some emergency work, but very little when we think about it. All-in-all, I just think it's performing better than we anticipated a bit. We do see signs of life in that business. But all-in-all, it's really the portfolio of the company to perform throughout.
Duke Austin: Yes, thanks, Noelle. As we discussed earlier, we kind of through about a $770 million type number on telecom as guidance. And I think in my mind, the opportunity is still there for us to perform at those levels. I wouldn't call it such as a problem other than we had some shallow ditch. We identified it. We're remaining it through rework. We'll go after -- when I say go after, we'll work with the subcontractor to try to recoup that and go forward. That being said, we like the business. It is about a 50-50 model as we stand today. We continue to see broadband activity book work, like the business a lot and on our way to $1 billion in inorganically for the most part. So, I would just say, I think the company has done a real nice job. It is part of the Electric segment. We probably wouldn't have talked about it, honestly, if it was just normal stuff. But since it was telecom, Derrick and I thought, it was -- we talked about the good all the time. So, we'll take our lumps and talk about that a little bit here and move forward. But in general, it just shows the strength of the quarter of the Electric segment as well. And if you look at it and you add -- you do an add back call it, $10 million to $15 million of impact on the telecom business, you can see the quarter would have been substantially higher on the Electric segment.
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean we're seeing some challenges in commodities not really impacting us at this point. We'll watch it fairly closely on the larger projects to make sure that our material comes in on time. We don't have commodity risk per se. So, our jobs that they're impacted we'll collaborate with the customer on those impacts. But in general, we're able to work through most of those areas where we do have impacts. I would tell you like in my mind, Canada is probably our -- one of the ones that have impacted the most. And I don't think it's really material per se. It's just how it's delivered. And for the most part that's been more of a COVID issue than material, in my mind, but no really commodity impact at this point.
Duke Austin: Mike, we really don't call them out that much. The reason why we called out the West is fairly incremental. And one of the things that we continue to talk about is kind of that hasn't started really ramping yet. And we were primarily signaling that ramp by calling it out and the incremental backlog growth on this MSA. Typically, when we think about it the 85% 90% of the business, it's kind of base businesses MSA-type business and -- in my mind. So that's how we look at it. And we book MSAs and re-up them probably monthly in my mind. So there is no real systematic way. I do think our backlog will continue to grow to record levels. We will have MSAs that renew that are larger. We continue to see a robust environment even when we have an MSA, the growth on the MSAs there as well. We take a prudent look at it to make sure that from our standpoint, the next 12 months and beyond or what the backlog would interpret. So in my mind, we're doing a good job with that. And our customer base certainly is spending the capital. The macro market is there on our end. So we see those MSAs just grow.
Duke Austin: Yeah, Mark, we've talked a bunch about how the infrastructure on the utilities and broadband are converging. I think when we looked at it, we continue to look at the rule in the underserved markets that were out there. And for the last two years have really tried to find the solution with our customer in a collaborative effort to utilize that infrastructure. We found technology and a company that had the capabilities to do that, work with clients. I do think it's broad-based small-cell type deployment that you'll see ongoing. When we have a programmatic way to do that on this, we'll have a programmatic way to do it with every one of our customers. And it's really beneficial for us to be on the front side of this, providing the solution, pushing the rural development opportunity fund forward. And not just waiting for something to come to us, we're actually out making sure this happens in front of it, not just waiting on an RFP or get commoditized with labor. I think that's part of what we're saying as a solution-based provider as we're out in front of that with technology.
Duke Austin: Now, I could name them for five minutes, but it doesn't -- it's not -- what I'm concerned about is just in general when we start talking about it in my mind we got a long ways to go in some permitting. It's a robust environment out there, we're around every one of them. Everyone you can name I could name them for days. There's a bunch of nice projects moving the renewables and the interconnections almost every RTO regional plan has a large piece of work in it, not only one probably two or three. In order to get to the -- what the plan and the carbon-free footprint, you need a significant amount of transmission. And in order to do that we need big projects. And certainly they're tough on the permitting side, administration side they're going to help that. There are some that are ongoing that are closer than others. I believe mid-America and some of that on the buffet call as he talked about it as well. So there's a bunch of projects that are out there that are around the edges on.
Duke Austin: No. I mean, I would say, we're seeing our pipeline customers try to build solar or build solar. We're seeing quite a bit of that happen, per se. We're not -- the LDC business, it's a safety concern as well as reliability of just what you have on any given day. I mean, you can see the freeze. We had -- in Texas you saw actually pipe freeze, which caused problems on your plant. So I think all that integrity that needs to be done is a safety concern as well as a balance until we figure out carbon free. And you can't do that without a significant amount of transmission. So the company sits in a really nice place on either side of that.
Duke Austin: Yeah. Steve, I think when you look at the business, our performance from a margin standpoint in the segment, we did beat our expectations. I think we've raised the guidance on the year. We continue to do it. We look at it as a portfolio. We're getting operating leverage out of all of our offices, whether they're doing telecom gas or electric. We're reporting in segments. We may run the offices a little different than that. Overall, the performance of the company is exceptional in the field. The model around telecom it was an organic growth strategy around it. It does have probably 50% of subcontract. It's -- due to the fact that it ramps, up and down. And we're not going to invest in something that just ramps like that because, it continues to weigh on it we want some balance in it. And the balance allows us to have some variable cost in our equipment and things of that nature. My returns are better that way, in my mind. So that's the way we run the telecom business. And that's how we'll go forward with it. That being said, we did have a QA/QC issue in the quarter. We'll do a better job of catching that next time or now. For that matter and try to call back all we can. But all in all, I mean we're performing really well, across the board in my mind.
Duke Austin: Yes. I don't think we anticipated that this year. It will be in the next year for the incentive base piece of it, but we do anticipate going into service here in June. The transformation will happen will take over in June. So from that standpoint that will move on. As far as, we're coming through the fame of phones that will be into next year in my mind before you see any of it. And that's also an opportunity next year in Puerto Rico. But all in all it's moving along like it should and we're pleased with where we sit.
Duke Austin: I would not say pipelines we've seen much there. I just -- our industrial businesses stated tons a lot there. I think it will get better. We've not seen pipeline movement. Our Canadian operations we see some long-term pipe, but not really in the Lower 48 in my mind it's pretty slow as far as I'm concerned. And I think we've transferred the business over to more competitive sustainable business anyway. So nothing that affects us in my mind.
Duke Austin: Yes. So we made an investment in the quarter in some technology and a service provider there on fixed wireless. It's -- to really look at the -- our dollar funds the rural development funds as well as the underserved. So not a Tier 1 carrier, but certainly someone that would put it out across, the Lower 48 and beyond from that mine in a programmatic way. So we have the ability to do that. As the Tier 1s move forward we'll have the ability to also do that in a programmatic way. Really I think it's the convergence of the electric such as your cooperatives your municipalities and the way to solve these issues around broadband. And it makes a lot of sense. We've worked on it quite a bit and this was our opportunity really to push it forward.
Duke Austin: I mean I think we've talked about multiyear type growth kind of mid to upper single digits on the 80% to 90% -- 80% of the business I would say, at this point. At least we've talked about that growth long term three to five years at least. And so we continue to see that. We've stated that quite a bit. And we think the MSA, the backlog that you're seeing that grows there for a long period of time.
Duke Austin: Mean if you go back in time and you look at what -- how we've grown the segment we've grown the Electric segment double-digits over the past 10 years on a CAGR basis. So I would tell you that -- that's what we've done in the past. It's bigger numbers. We're being prudent about how we talk about it. Do we have the ability to grow in the double-digits? Yes.
Duke Austin: If we talked about all the jobs that were out there, there's not enough material to talk about it, to begin with. So I think in our mind we're being prudent about how we discuss it. The larger projects are growing especially with the sentiment around bringing renewables in a carbon-free environment by 2030, 2050. So the transmission corridors will have to exponentially get larger than they are now in a significant way. In order for that to happen, you're going to need large project dynamics for the next decade.
Duke Austin: I mean you have about $1 billion budget down there, $600 million of a $1 billion budget down there a year on any given day. So there is projects down on the island. What I would say is the FEMA funds are on top of that, that would come in. I would be prudent to say it would be next year.
Duke Austin: Yes. Thank you for the question. From a labor standpoint, a tight labor market really suits us well. That's who we are. We really work on labor. I have invested well over $100 million over the last six to seven years. So any time we have a tight labor market cross-skill labor market, Quanta does really well. So we're in a good position there. We pretty much regulate some of the way that we look at wages. We have ability to pass-through those costs if they escalate. So we're in good shape. As far as pricing power and I would just say, in general, we'll stand by what we said in the past, the double-digit margins over time. At times, it'll go higher. And we're in good times now, so you're seeing some push on that. Primarily around the utilizations and things of that nature that is pushing up your margins, more so than pricing power.
Duke Austin: Yes, I just want to thank everyone, our field leadership team and men and women working in the field through the pandemic, doing all the things that we've done well. We performed well, safely, and it's to their credit. So I want to thank you for participating in the conference call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. So I know as you can see we raised the low end of the guidance here for the first quarter to some way to comment to that we continue to think that there's strength in the business model itself. But we very regularly put through a range of guidance on an annual basis. That considers a low end because of the fact that we work in volatile workspace. Oftentimes, it comes down to the way that the weather patterns impact the year more specifically in the fourth quarter. The fourth quarter is where substantial types of increment weather can come in and really impact the type of dynamic. Let alone the fact that through the year we work in a range of circumstances creating volatility. So we think it's always prudent to recognize those circumstances. But what I would also say is we think we have a tendency to execute throughout. I think also as we've seen us do the last few years. So as we stand here today, we think our business model is intact. We think we continue to do the margin improvements that we think are available to us, but it's just the right thing to do to recognize the volatility of what we're working.
Derrick Jensen: We had commented previously that we thought that post-transition we would see on an annual basis a run rate contribution of around $0.25. That is excluding inflation adjustments, excluding all incentives and excluding any incremental construction opportunities. So all of those things would still get the upside opportunities for us.
Derrick Jensen: No, I'd say, that we're still committed to the same allocation strategy really that we've held for a number of years. We look at first leaning into the growth of the business, on the working capital and CapEx front. Very much still yet look at the acquisition and investment side of the equation, partly as an example, as highlighted to Duke's comments here for the minority interposition here this quarter. And then, as well with the buyback of stock and dividends. We still look at all of those. We like to have our balance sheet positioned well to be able to lean into all of those areas at any given time, not having to choose which one creates the most value at a point in time. I would say that acquisitions has historically been kind of the largest component of recent years and we still see an active market there, ability to find good acquisitions. It will be sporadic, because we're opportunistic with the deployment of capital there, looking for strong management teams that supplement who we are. You can see over the last four or five years, we probably averaged about $300 million on average deployment there. And I wouldn't take exception to that kind of view as we go forward.
