James Haddox: Yes, Sanjay, that's right. The margins in our backlog on all of the segments are very comparable or higher except on the Natural Gas segment. The Natural Gas segment, because of the revenues being down and the -- at least as of the end of June, backlog being down on Natural Gas caused lower margins on Natural Gas because of the fixed costs associated with that segment.
James Haddox: Tahira, let me -- I'll try to answer that question. A part of the increased revenue guidance resulted from the second quarter because actually exceeded the top of our revenue guidance by $35 million, and we -- but we hit the middle of the EPS guidance that we gave. And that was due to a mix issue relative to electric being higher and gas being lower and gas having higher fixed costs. The revenue -- the rest of the revenue increase is due to the improved visibility based on receiving notices to proceed and increases in backlog and based on historical trends, in other words, what we have in backlog versus what we're projecting. The rest of the EPS being lowered is due to the risk associated with timing of the startup and absorption of fixed cost on the gas side and other startup costs, and potential weather issues while we're starting projects in the fourth quarter, which can be subject to winter weather.
James Haddox: Craig, this is James. We have moved through that process at about the normal pace you would expect for something like that. We have received approval of about half of the change orders. We're still working on the rest of them. It's difficult to predict how they're going to come out at this point in time, but we've been fairly successful on at least the first half level. And during the quarter, we recognized somewhere between $5 million to $7 million. It's a little difficult because a lot of it is or a portion of it is tied up in PLC accounting. So we recognized $5 million to $7 million of profit. I think at the last conference call, we said we thought we would get $8 million to $10 million this year. And it's difficult to say where we are on that. I think that's probably still a good estimate. We're just moving forward through the process and having about the success that we expected to have.
James Haddox: To follow up on that, I think we're still going to have some seasonality involved in our business. I mean, you just can't help but have seasonality with the first quarter being the lowest quarter and the third quarter typically being the highest quarter. But I think that some of these big projects that we've been talking about. That's what's making it tough to model seasonality. I think they're going to mitigate some of the drastic difference between the first quarter and the third quarter, but you're still -- you still got to factor in a lower first quarter. And then the second quarter and fourth quarter are typically about the same. That depends on winter weather and storm work, and the third quarter still the largest. I would continue to model them in that order. But I think that the drastic difference that you see between the first quarter and third quarter is mitigated by the large projects.
James Haddox: I don't think that you say that our priorities have really changed. I mean, we have added the stock buyback to the mix, where before it was kind of down. Now it's obviously closer to the top of the list. But I think the priorities are still working capital to fund these large projects that were being awarded and to give us a competitive advantage on some of the other large projects that are yet to be awarded followed by M&A. We're still active on the M&A front. So I think priorities are about the same.
James O'Neil: I mean, Sanjay, I think that there's just an oversupply of panels right now. And I think that the Chinese panel suppliers are motivated to move product right now. So we are having some more strategic conversations with several of those folks. But I don't think that, that's going to -- I think this is a 6-month or maybe a little bit longer phenomenon. I think prices will start coming up because we do see a significant amount of solar opportunities over the next few months and into 2012.
James O'Neil: Yes, I mean, there's going to be significant large diameter work in the Eagle Ford, and we're certainly looking at those opportunities. In regards to the $1.8 billion, the $150 million was expected in that $1.8 billion, and we're going to continue to see -- over the remainder of the year, we're confident we'll start to see some of that $1.8 billion coming out, some of these large projects coming out and moving in to construction hopefully in the fourth quarter but certainly into 2012. The third quarter is going to be a little bit pretty much like the second on the pipeline business. We're going to see strong growth depending upon whether some of these projects start in the last month the quarter or not. But certainly, there are several big pipeline projects that won't -- the $150 million, the majority of that has to be completed by the end of the year, and they're late third quarter and fourth quarter starts.
James O'Neil: Peter, I'm not going to give you a number. I can tell you directionally that we're encouraged by what we're seeing in gas. I mean, we pretty much filled the uncommitted backlog for the year that we had given last quarter. And we certainly anticipate some more awards to come out this year, whether they start in the fourth quarter, which we believe some will. And certainly, there'll be projects for next year that will be announced here over the next few months and throughout the year. So it could be that gas won't be down as much as we originally anticipated or we anticipated last quarter, but we will have to see what comes out over the next few months. I don't want to get too bullish there until we have more visibility.
James O'Neil: I think capacity is tightening, and I think on projects going forward, you will probably see some improved pricing because there's a supply and demand issue. I think we're well positioned to take advantage of projects that will be bid out going forward at the end of this year and into next year and beyond. And I think there'll be fewer people participating in that bidding process. So I think pricing should improve.
James O'Neil: Certainly. We're in the very early innings, I would say, in the Eagle Ford. We've got some major E&P companies that leased up significant acreage and that have very aggressive build programs. They're looking for more solution, for somebody to come in and do a full turnkey, whether it's a build on and operator build on and transfer model. And we can play a key role in that where we can provide project management capabilities, engineering capabilities. We've got some specialized services, which we wouldn't have had that opportunity if we wouldn't have partnered with the folks that are in the HEP partnership. In the traditional model, we would've gone in and competed for construction opportunities, and we probably wouldn't have been very successful. So what we're trying to do is move up the value chain and provide solutions for these E&Ps with the right team of people in order to meet their objectives to develop that field and produce product in a very accelerated time frame.
James O'Neil: Well, we see a significant amount of projects coming out over the next -- the rest of this year and into next year. And it may not be the same volume that we've seen over the last 12 months, but it will certainly be close. So we're excited about it. We're positioned to capitalize on these opportunities, and we're looking forward to seeing what comes out over the next few months.
James O'Neil: Well, I'll talk to you operationally about what's changing. I mean, I think we're going to mobilize probably on 4 or 5 large transmission projects at the end of the third quarter or at the beginning of the fourth quarter. So that's certainly going to help EPS. You're also mobilizing on these large pipeline projects. And if you've got about $150 million in revenue, you really going to be able to leverage those fixed costs that have been a drag on earnings in the second and third quarter. And then you've got your telecom business and renewable opportunities. Telecom continues to expand. Renewables, we're going to have some renewable work where developers are trying to get 5% of their project spent at least before the end of the year. And we see some November starts. And then we've got some significant opportunities in Canada on the pipeline work where the work has to be done during the winter weather that are presenting themselves here over the last few weeks. So with all of those activities ramping up and we're gaining momentum on all of our segments, we expect a really nice fourth quarter.
James O'Neil: I'm not sure I understand the question. A little bit more what in the fourth quarter? I think we're shifting more pipeline revenues, for sure. And we expected earlier, when we gave guidance earlier this year, to have consistency of work and, certainly, mobilizing in the second quarter on pipeline, ramping up in the third, and then just ramping down in the fourth. But now, everything is getting pushed into the fourth, and so we have had some shifting of pipeline. I think we've had delays in transmission starts as well, so we have -- had a little bit of that compression into the second half of this year as well, because a lot of projects were starting in the late third quarter and early in the fourth quarter.
James O'Neil: From what we understand, Alex, that project has received the regulatory approvals to move forward. We're in the contract negotiation phase right now, and it should move forward into construction or it will. I mean the project has to be built by the end of the year. So we expect construction start very late in the third quarter, certainly in the beginning of the fourth quarter.
James O'Neil: Well, I think the balance sheet means a lot to help -- I mean we actually helped put this partnership together. I think that's important. I think we need -- they needed the capital to help grow their strategic plans. So there would be opportunities to engage these E&Ps to build their gathering systems. If we were to just go in as a traditional contractor, we would've probably competed against 5 or 6 other guys that wanted to try to do the same thing. But bringing our balance sheet forward and making an investment put us on the team and allow us to be part of that overall solution that will be provided to these E&Ps to build their gathering fields, in the pipeline infrastructure out of those fields.
James O'Neil: Yes, I mean, I don't know if -- we probably would guide 9, spreads of capacity as far as that splits up union, non-union, predominantly all union. Our spreads are predominantly all union. As a percentage of the union market, it's probably close to half of the union market. As far as the Keystone XL project, that our opportunities, all I can say is that we've been -- TransCanada has been a preferred customer of ours. We've done good work for them. We've got a good relationship with them. And we're hopeful that we'll be selected to build out part of that project going forward. That's going to be disappointing if we weren't, so -- but that's all I can really say on that right now.
James O'Neil: Yes, I mean, we are confident that there is some projects that we are exclusively negotiating on or have been through the bidding process or on that final -- in the final group, that's going to potentially be selected. Contractors still to be selected. We're seeing opportunities, and we expect there'll be more announcements between now and the end of the year. So, yes, we are bullish on the pipeline work in the second half or in the fourth quarter this year and certainly in 2012.
James O'Neil: Well, I think it's really tied to the economy, and I don't think we've seen an economic recovery that -- and distribution is going to be tied to housing starts or an economic recovery. So we are encouraged by the signs that we're seeing today. There has been increased spending from the fourth quarter and through the first half of this year. We hope it's sustainable. But to get real sustainability, we think it's going to be tied to an overall economic recovery. And it just -- we just don't have clarity to that right now. But certainly, we hope it will continue. The trend right now looks like it's improving, but we'll have to see as we get into the end of the year whether that holds true.
James O'Neil: Craig, solar's been doubling for us over the last couple of years. I think that, that trend, we'll continue to see double-digit growth in solar. I think we're seeing bigger projects come out. And the risk there, again, it's when does the project go. You've got the whole environmental regulatory issue that our customers have to get through. Now we've got this panel pricing dynamic. But overall, we're seeing some big, bigger projects come out that we feel we have a -- we've got a limited notice to proceed on one that we have expected would start into full construction in August. And it doesn't look like that's going to start until potentially November of this year, but they're bigger projects. And I think you'll see that translate into backlog potentially, total backlog versus how much we do this year versus next year, because some of these bigger projects are going to take 2.5, 3 years to build. But overall, the solar environment right now is strong in the U.S., and I think that will continue at least for the next 2 years. Beyond that, we don't really have good visibility, but I'm comfortable that solar will grow over the next few years.
James O'Neil: In the fourth quarter, weather is always your biggest risk, and especially when we have this amount of work that we intend to execute. I think one of the things that are going offset that is our continued increase in Canada, increase of opportunities and revenues in Canada. A lot of that work has to be done in the winter. So that's going offset some of the weather issues in the U.S. potentially if we don't get extremely harsh weather like we did last year, if we return to more normal weather patterns. But weather is the big risk factor when you're doing as much work in the fourth quarter. And I will just have to -- we'll just have to deal with that as it comes. I mean many of these projects are in the Northeast that we're trying to execute right now, in these large transmission projects. But a lot of it is also in South Texas, so we should have good weather conditions in the CREZ zone and on these pipeline projects that we're going to do in the Eagle Ford area.
James O'Neil: Jeff, we're actually in the process of setting up shops local to some of these shale fields so that we can do some of that midstream work, some of the compressor and metering stations, some of the smaller, shorter-length pipeline construction projects. So that is a huge opportunity for us. It's not just big pipe. And the pipeline integrity work is going to be huge going forward, we believe, and we're well positioned with that. We've got a very well-known company that does pipeline integrity and rehabilitation work. And we've got significant opportunities to grow that business going forward. So in our Distribution business, we're excited about our Puget contract, on this gas distribution 5-year contract that we have with Puget. We've reorganized our gas business to be more competitive. It's a very competitive market. So we have to figure out how we can compete and be profitable in that business, and we feel like we've adjusted that organization or right-sized it to where we can compete more in distribution. So I think all around, even though distribution is still off because of the economy, I think all around our gas business, we should see some improvements going forward, not only in the big pipe work, but the other areas of our gas business.
James O'Neil: Yes, I mean, as we move into 2012, we should see acceleration. I don't know if we're prepared to put growth numbers around these subsectors within the gas segment. I can tell you that Price Gregory has had very little revenues in the second quarter, and that the significant part of the revenues have been from the other part, as they have been in Canada from and from the other parts of our gas business.
James O'Neil: They are typically lump sum projects that have more risk, and we price those projects according to the risk that we're taking. Our pricing philosophy hasn't changed on our pipeline business over the past several years, and it won't change going forward.
James O'Neil: The Electric Transmission business, as the capacity tightens in the market, you'll probably have opportunities to move margins up slightly in that business over time. But we certainly make healthy margins there today, and our pricing philosophy there hasn't change, and it won't change going forward.
James O'Neil: Yes, I mean, as we get projects going forward and the capacity is going to certainly be tightened in the industry going forward, we will see opportunities to improve pricing with some customers, yes.
James O'Neil: Well, I'd like to thank you for all participating in our second quarter conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you, and this concludes our call today.
