Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah, Tahira. The market is robust right now with some of the other projects, larger projects going into construction. We're certainly optimistic that most of the projects on the back half will have the ability to fill it. We're a little bit worried with Canada, just the overall economy there. So, we'll be cautious on how we guided the back half with the Canadian market as it is. But we're optimistic that we can fill the back half here in with large pipe for the second half 2017.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Really, Tahira, I think the industry is trying to move renewables across multi states, multi jurisdictions so you're seeing a lot of larger longer projects from a DC voltage even, AC voltage. So, you're starting to see us move across state lines, ISOs, independent operators. So as you start to see that, the projects get bigger, larger. Some of them are long in nature from a standpoint of the beginning to the end. So you hear a lot about them and nothing happens for a long time. So permitting, siting, all those things take a very – that's a long cycle on those larger projects. So, you hear a lot. We see a lot of them out there. We're around the edges. We're optimistic that a few of them will go over the next three to five years here.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: I think the projects that on the $1 billion or $1 billion plus is primarily pipeline. We'll talk about them as we get a firm contract to start date to get the ability for us to understand the scope and the commitments that we have with our customers and be able to explain that in a firm nature, in a firm contract we'll, as they go into backlog, we'll make sure we communicate to the Street. But we're confident, these will go into construction.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. I'm not privy to obviously what the shippers are saying. But, I would say that in general, if you're moving heavy oil out of Canada, you want optionality. And I think as long as they are able to move to different geographic areas, you'll start to see pipe move. You're railing most of it now. So anywhere you have a rail line, it makes a lot of sense to have a piece of pipe. So that alone will create markets on both coast lines there in Canada. As we start to look to the lower 48 and some of the larger pipe here, same dynamics. Shippers want optionality and our clients are in a robust environment to build pipe and we see it in Canada and the lower 48. We're in great positions on both sides of the border there. We're optimistic. We like the markets in the next three to five years. It's robust in my mind from a bidding cycle, everything we can say about it. Basically, it's permitting delays and things of that nature that concern us.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. Thank you, Jamie. From the standpoint of you filling the back side and our margin capability there, I think utilization is a big part of that. As we fill it, we're optimistic that our margins will improve. We need to fill the pipe. We need to see it. We need to see it go. We'll be conservative until we do big pipes fast, book and burns fast. So we'll be cautious on how we guide to that. And as we fill it, we'll talk to you about it in the next quarter or the next quarter, whenever we fill it, if we fill it. Again, we're optimistic. The end markets are there, and I think we – I think, from our standpoint, we'll improve. Our guidance will improve as we move forward through the year. On the Wolfmack (37:26) project in Canada, I think we would say, in general, that that does strengthen our guidance. And so, but from that standpoint, I'm worried about the overall economic position in Canada and just in general the pressing of the business as far as going down on our margins and what Canada can do to the overall business. So, we're cautious on the Canadian markets.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. The spread capacity, Noelle, we're not at capacity in the either side. So, again, the way those spreads come on and off projects, it's very difficult to give you numbers. But in either case, we're not at capacity and certainly have room in the first quarter here and onward to book work. As far as...
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah, Matt, and also just in general on the pipe margins and the seasonality, there's normal seasonality in the business. And so I think as you see us fill up work and execute, the margins have the potential to move upward and we'll be cautious about how we guide again. As far as FERC, our forecast, we don't need any large pipe to meet the midpoint of the range, so we're confident in our year-end guidance on the Gas side.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah, and on the Oil and Gas side, it did impact some of those spreads, and we were delayed some time there. So you had some revenue impact there. And then the Southeast where the storm hit, we have a large concentration of day-to-day MSA-type work, and that work was delayed along with it. So there's some offset in the storm.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: We see our customers expanding their capital budgets in multiyear fashion the next three to five years. You start to see visibility in those capital programs. So as that happens, we'll continue to grow that base business. The recurring revenue type MSA work will continue to grow with our customers' capital budgets. As far as the larger projects, as we see Canada, as you see Wolfmack (48:14) go in, some other larger projects that are out there, there's certainly the opportunity to win and execute on those. I do think the Electric segment is in a multiyear cycle, an upward cycle, and we're optimistic in the environment that we're in.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. No. There's nothing that's unique or specific. I think what we've just done is we've not factored in a market improvement in the Canadian environment. We know as we've talked through 2016, we saw a degree of stabilization. But I think it's too soon in the year to factor in some sort of distinctive improvement in the non kind of larger transmission side of the equation. We do have those larger projects that are coming in, specifically at Fort McMurray, but that's going to be kind of probably back-end loaded into the year. And so the first half of the year, I think you still see with seasonality the aspect of being able to have some degree of margin pressure in the broader Canadian side of the equation. But we think we've got the ability to go through and potentially see some degree of upside to the extent that you'll be looking at. But I think it's just too soon in the year to factor that in.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. The base business on the gas side continues to improve like the LDC market, local distribution market with the PHMSA rules that are in place to repair infrastructure, we're in a good environment to continue to see CapEx in those markets. I think we'll continue to expand albeit off a smaller base. But that will continue to grow. As far as telecom, we have our Latin American and Canadian construction going. They're good markets. We have about $150 million to $200 million in our forecast that with those along with the Lower 48 here getting started.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: We'll be cautious about how we talk about large pipe. The book and burn and the amount of regulatory process that's involved in those projects, they're distinct, and we need to make sure that we have them, we're moving and we're mobilized before we communicate on them. I do like the end markets in 2018. It's a robust market. I do think we'll fill up early and be able to talk more about that. If we get some ease on regulation through the administration, we'll continue to talk to the Street about, as we get more positive and move into construction. Those things slip three months, it's a big impact to us, and we'll be cautious about how we talk to you.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: I think the midstream business is a good business. We need to take away that capacity to go to the end markets. As you start to see larger pipe get built, you'll see the midstream pick-up and the rig counts, obviously, there's takeaway and we're starting to see more rigs, so you'll start to see all those things happen and we're optimistic in that as well.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. We never got out of the telecom business, to be clear. We were always in the telecom business. We had certain things under the non-compete we cannot do. And basically, the primary drivers were we were the telecom contractor or the contractor in the lower 48. We have the ability to do that today. So as we move forward, you'll see us in that market on the general side of this, and not just the Electric make-ready work. So we're optimistic. The market is good. It's a robust market. We built our Canadian operations and our Latin American operations. So we'll participate both in North America as well as Latin America. We like the markets we've stayed at all along. And I'll talk more about strategy as we move forward. I'll leave it at that.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. It's both. In Latin America, I'd say 70% wireline, 30% wireless. Canada is primarily wireline, and the business has been growing double digits plus year-over-year.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. I think in general, it does rely on some Canadian work to fill the back half, but again, I think the markets are there, the lower 48 could fill as well and bring the back half up. So the opportunity on both sides of the border are there in the back half.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: We're building our base business nicely. The opportunities are there. It becomes – you're getting people constrained at some point and so you have to be careful about where you're at in the world geographically, mountainous terrain and the qualified personnel that we have in the field. And we'll be cautious about how we move forward in those markets due to the constraints on some of the people in the field. And we train people every day, we're hiring every day. So as we get people trained, we'll put them in the market and how fast we can do that will dictate how our revenues go in the future.
Earl C. Austin, Jr.: Yeah. I'd like to thank you for participating in the fourth quarter 2016 conference call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Derrick A. Jensen: Jamie, I'll add one bit of color as well that it's a segment mix and seasonality. I mean, at this stage in the game, we have a fair amount of that pipeline work – majority of the pipeline work we have in backlog today loaded to the front half of the year. And to that end, the seasonality of the rest of the business has a tendency to put pressure on margins. As we get to the latter part of the year, to the extent we see those awards, that's where you probably see the ability to see some of that expansion. But right now, we think it's prudent to guide to the margin range of that 5% to 6% until we see how those other mainline-type opportunities are playing and offset the seasonality.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah. I think what I would say is that our goals and targets for both segments are still to be at or near the double-digit range. The biggest thing driving Electric Power is the headwinds relative to the Canadian market. If you were to look at 2016 and remove the effects of the power plants, in Canada, the rest of the electric operations are operating solidly in the double-digit range. So, the headwinds right now are still the softness in the Canadian market. The larger transmission opportunities that we see here coming into 2017 in Canada obviously give us some potential for the upside. With the remaining portion of the business, you're still dealing with some degree of headwinds, and we try to factor that into the overall range – factor in the degree of prudency to the overall execution. But again, it's pretty important, I think, to recognize the rest of the business is operating strongly in the double-digit range. For the Oil and Gas segment, it's a complement in the mix of work. We've talked extensively over the last few years about how the degree of mainline opportunities and how they flow into the year will heavily influence our ability to be at the stronger margin profile. In our original commentary, over the years, has also – before we ran into some of the headwinds associated with the broader energy market, as oil prices might decline, the remaining portion of our business is still yet functioning in a depressed oil price environment to an extent, and that is putting pressure on some of the other areas of our business, working against some of the complements or upside potential we see on the mainline side. So, as the mainline gets a complement of work that happens to be more spread through the given year rather than just being front-end or back-end loaded, as well as the mix of work and energy dynamics changing, we still believe that we can see upward momentum for those margins in the long term.
Derrick A. Jensen: The legal costs, as it relates to how it goes in 2017, I wouldn't anticipate right now anything truly abnormal. This was more from the fourth quarter accelerated timing. But as we go into 2017, we haven't factored into any substantial uptick or downtick in that regard.
Derrick A. Jensen: I would say that as we stand here today with the potential for the fourth quarter to have a lack of an uncommitted filling, as an example, then the fourth quarter is probably where you'd see the biggest portion of the pressure for the margins. So, I don't know if I necessarily say it relative to the entire back half of the year, but the third quarter has a tendency for us to have the highest overall margin profile because of the good seasonality. But yes, there could be specific softness in the fourth quarter if we're not able to fill it with other larger diameter work.
Derrick A. Jensen: On the first part, from the margins, the remaining portion of work, we haven't factored in any sizeable uptick in our margins there despite what we're seeing potential on a rig count type dynamic. I think it in our mind may be a bit too soon to have an expectations of 2017 immediate benefit, but we do look at that as a potential for the positive upside.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. Storm came in at around $35 million for the quarter, maybe just slightly above what we had otherwise forecasted in our original thoughts for the year. But from a margin perspective, I mean, there wasn't any substantial difference realistically. If you recall, in our previous commentary, we had said that the number of customers that we were working for were customers that we've dealt with on a regular basis. And so from a strategic perspective, you don't see maybe quite as much upside from a margin perspective. So very much in line with our original expectations. And then overall for the quarter itself, I mean, just having some degree of seasonality which we had already factored in and expected to somewhat offset that margin expansion. And then the second part of your question was kind of the timing. We did come in at the lower end of our overall revenue guidance, and most of that came out of the Oil and Gas segment. There was a degree of some level of push of that revenue from 2016 into 2017 some of which would have been attributable to some of the heavier rainfall.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah. I think that as I've said in my prepared comments, that we could see the margins rising into the third quarter. Part of that will be a contribution of the work associated with Fort McMurray, but at the same time, I think it's just broader to the seasonality of our business. I think I'd still factor in a degree of decline potentially in the fourth quarter, again just driven largely by seasonality. One individual project is not going to offset the broader overall segment seasonality is what I'd expect at this stage.
Derrick A. Jensen: We're continuing to work on those items. We had not anticipated those items to be solved in the latter part of 2016. We've not factored in any recovery of that into 2017. The work is ongoing. We're in the process of quantifying and having those discussions with the customer. But as of today, we're not in a position to quantify.
