James F. O'Neil: Dan, we're saying that we should be in the mid- to upper-single-digit range on shale gathering work. That's without any big pipe for the year. Certainly, we're getting more volume. We've gotten more volume throughout the second half of the year. And Bob [ph], I would be disappointed if we weren't in the upper end of that range this year for the shale gathering work.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I think since August, we've been talking to you guys about how the communication between our customers has changed on the pipeline side and that we've been in discussions with many customers because of the amount of work that's going to be let out toward the end of this year and '14. And so you could have more of those strategic-type relationships versus RFPs going out, what you would normally see in a normal pipeline season. So I think that, that's the type of opportunities. We're in discussions right now with many customers. We're very pleased with the progress that we're seeing in the mainline pipeline business, and we certainly expect to see some big things, if not by the end of this year, into '14. So that would be my comments on that.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think that the big variance between the midpoint and the lower end would be that more of the transmission that we expect or even that we have in backlog would get pushed into the next period because of regulatory delays. And also, the margin position that we've taken. Certainly, we could have some seasonality or not as good execution to get to the middle of that 9% to 12% OpEx. So that would be the scenario on the lower end, that we would have lower margins and perhaps projects get pushed into the next period that we certainly expect will move to construction this year. But if they don't, then that will get us to the lower end of the range, which with the electric transmission is a big variable between the midpoint and the low point.
James F. O'Neil: Well, you had a couple of questions there. Let me just address that we've got more capacity than any other contractor in the industry. So we've got 9 spreads that could possibly expand up to 12. So Keystone is not going to inhibit us from pursuing other pipeline opportunities. So -- and as far as Canada goes, we're well positioned in Canada, probably even more so in Canada, to take advantage of opportunities to build out projects there as well.
James F. O'Neil: Okay. To answer the pipeline question first, we -- there won't be a lag. I mean, the industry is already tight, and I think that there's opportunities out there for us, and we're having discussions with our customers just like others are today. And it's a different environment today, and there could be opportunities that move into construction this year. For certain, in '14, we've already had work booked in '14. We can't talk about the detail, but we've got work booked in '14. So it's going to be a robust market, and there's not going to be any lag effect. As far as the electric power margins, I mean, our utilization will continue to be high, and we expect to have stellar execution as well throughout this year. The factors that affect that is that we had such great weather last year that we felt like it was prudent for us to set the bar in the middle of the range and then we'll revisit how our financial performance is throughout the year and adjust accordingly, if necessary. But it's the weather and the excess storm revenues that were predominantly driving the margin improvement in 2012, as well as great execution. So we're just going to -- it's early in the year. We'll just see how things play out. And certainly, we hope to repeat what we did in '12, but we just have to have some things going for us in order for that to happen.
James F. O'Neil: Well, distribution's very regional, Will. And many of our customers outsource a lot of these capital projects and then some do most of their work with their own resources internally. I think across the board, you are seeing increased activity and a tight workforce, not only contractor workforce, but utility workforce to do this type of work, which is an opportunity for us going forward. So -- but we do think that distribution spending will be good going forward, and we've baked some of that in to our midpoint guidance less the excess storm that we've seen in '12.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think you need to look at seasonality. I mean, our margins have continued to improve in this segment, and yet a lot of our work was in the Marcellus in the fourth quarter, which was impacted by Hurricane Sandy. So we had some weather impacts on that segment and -- specifically gathering work, and we were still able to deliver improved margins quarter-over-quarter. So like I said earlier, my expectations are that we're in the top end of that mid to high range. The seasonality in January is going to be low, though. I mean, we are in a seasonal period right now, so we expect margins should be better throughout the year as weather gets better, which is the typical seasonality we see in all of our business. Third -- second and third quarter, we should have better weather impacts than we do in the first and the fourth in a normal weather pattern year.
James F. O'Neil: I think that we'll probably have 6-or-so projects start rolling off, but we've got 6-or-so projects rolling on, plus others that are out there that we feel we're well-positioned to be awarded. But it's like we've experienced over the last couple of years, that regulatory delays could impact the start of those projects. So we still think the large transmission project market is very strong, as reflected by our backlog, and we think that will continue for the next several years. But we will have some movement on projects rolling off and projects rolling on in '13, much more than we did in '12.
James F. O'Neil: Alex, I think it's possible. I mean, we continue to use the word strong for backlog because it's more qualitative, because of the choppiness or the lumpiness in awards. But the markets there would not tick [ph] by any means, and it's going to be a strong year for transmission. So as far as backlog being up at the end of the year, it's quite possible that it could be, but it's going to depend largely on the timing of the project awards in the certain calendar periods in which we measure backlog. And so -- but it should be a good year.
James F. O'Neil: Well, it's all of the above, Craig. I mean, we've got a complement of equipment that we could use for whatever the customer opportunity is. So I mean, it could be to pursue more shale work or it could be to pursue more mainline work or a combination of the above. The main thing is we have the leadership, the project superintendents and the leadership, and that next level of leadership that's been trained and developed over the years to be able to lead a spread as well. So we're very flexible in that way, and I think that's an advantage, to be in one of the largest providers of that service in North America. So we're positioned to expand if necessary.
James F. O'Neil: That's a good question, Craig. We've actually put all other telecom work, and we still do telecom services but for non-telecom customers, which is typically the electric -- the investor-owned utilities who have telecom infrastructure installed on their electric power infrastructure. And so that other telecom now goes into that Fiber Optic Licensing segment. So basically, that revenue was prior in the telecom segment, but now it's been moved into the Fiber Optic Licensing and Other segment. So Fiber Optic Licensing margins are -- continue to be consistent. But the construction margins from the non-telecom customers brings that margin down somewhat, now that it's lumped into this new segment -- or it's an addition to the Fiber Optic Licensing segment. As far as the Fiber Optic Licensing group, we look at that completely different than we did the telecom segment. That's a good business right now. It's a good place for us to put capital to grow the revenues at very nice margins. Is it strategic to us? It's not in the energy infrastructure segment. Did we look at opportunities to either grow it or even divest? Yes. But we don't feel like we've really capitalized on the investment or we've seen the returns on the investment that we've made over the last few years, and that asset in general hasn't reached its value, in our opinion, to date because of the investments we've made in different regions, which -- so we evaluate options on what we're going to do with that segment, and we'll continue to do so going forward. But it's a good business for us, and we're going to continue to grow it over the next several years.
James F. O'Neil: I think we've characterized in the past that Canada is about 1 year to 18 months behind the U.S. on the electric side. So it's starting to ramp up like we experienced in the U.S. toward the end of '10 and into '11. So it's a very robust marketplace, and it's going to be more active. Pipeline is really moving forward at the same pace that we're seeing in the U.S. right now, and there should be opportunities in '14 and beyond, certainly, that we'll be able to capitalize on.
James F. O'Neil: No, we're ready to go when it gets approved. Yes, it's -- but we could move as fast as the customer's ready to move to construction. So it's -- things are pretty much in place for us to be pretty efficient from the time the project is approved to move to construction. We'll move as fast as our customer wants us to move.
James F. O'Neil: In our guidance, we've assumed that we would have -- and this, again, is the excess storm revenue in 2012. So when we look at $100 million in storm being projected in our guidance for '13, we are looking at mid-single digit growth in transmission at the midrange. And like I said on the call, we could get to double-digits or higher if things go well with the permitting and regulatory project in the -- or our process in the second half of the year. And on the low end, I mentioned that we just see more regulatory delays, and we currently anticipate to where we have somewhat negative growth in electric transmission on the low end of the range.
James F. O'Neil: Well, we won't take work unless we're in that mid- to upper-single digit range on gathering work. And we are continuing to grow opportunities in both the Bakken and the Eagle Ford that meet those margin expectations. So we think that there's opportunities not only to expand in the Marcellus potentially, but in these other shale regions as well.
James F. O'Neil: There was, in the beginning, in the first quarter of '12. We had some work in Texas as well as in Canada, and then we have a little bit of a small mainline job that we're doing in Canada that some of that revenue was in the fourth quarter and some of it will be in the first quarter of this year.
James F. O'Neil: Margins -- Bill, this is Jim. Margins in both the electric power segment and the pipeline segment continue to be strong. Margins in backlog are better -- equal or better than what we're experiencing today. So that's a good -- that's a reflection of the strong market that we're in today and the amount infrastructure that needs to be built. As far as integrity, the integrity business right now is a smaller part of the segment, but certainly, there are significant opportunities to grow that business over the next few years. And we're well positioned being one of the -- or the only contractor with its own [indiscernible] capabilities to provide a full service to our customer or provide a total solution to customers. So we're excited about that, and that's a great opportunity going forward. We're also doing work for PG&E as one of their program managers to help rebuild their gas infrastructure network as well. So we're excited about that. Derrick, I'll turn it over to you.
James F. O'Neil: Well, on the leadership piece, certainly, we've been developing that next level of leadership for the last several years to prepare for this type of opportunity. So having project leadership to run additional spreads, whether it be in gathering system work or in mainline pipeline, we're well positioned to take advantage of that going forward, and it shouldn't be an issue. Of course, the industry is very tight on skilled labor right now and, certainly, that's a challenge. But we feel like we're well-positioned there as well, so that we won't be turning down any work until we're at spread capacity.
James F. O'Neil: Well, Howard is doing exactly what we expected them to do. They're building out infrastructure in the Eagle Ford, which is probably one of the most dynamic shale plays in the world, certainly in the United States. And so we will continue to look at opportunities to invest with them. To date, we've invested...
James F. O'Neil: $93 million. And we're certainly happy with that. Not only is it a great investment for us, it's bringing opportunities for -- construction opportunities for us in the Eagle Ford as well. So we'll continue to evaluate whether investments are prudent going forward and that -- with Howard Energy. But certainly, we're very pleased with what we've done to date in the opportunities that was brought to us.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, distribution is a very small part of that segment. The vast majority of the revenue in that segment is from the gathering work that we're doing. I would say probably 70% to 80% of the revenues in that segment are from gathering. And then the rest of the 20% would be made up of pipeline integrity, gas distribution and so forth. Now with that said, distribution is also a significant opportunity for us because they are undergoing the same regulatory issues as far as integrity and upgrading the distribution systems. And that's a big opportunity that goes hand-in-hand with the same comments I made about pipeline integrity. It's a growth opportunity for us over the next few years.
James F. O'Neil: I'd like to thank you all for participating in our fourth quarter and full year 2012 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, Alex, this is Derrick. Relative to quantification, we haven't really stated a specific number since we're still in negotiations with the customer. I'd say that the balance is roughly less than 1/2 of our total cost in excess balance. And then relative to expectations, we haven't factored in anything relative to any adjustments in that receivable.
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. Yes, sure. This is Derrick. I mean, looking at cash and even as you look to the 2013 model, we would expect a stronger cash flow year in 2013 than here in 2012. But a lot of the things that were -- Jim has commented to about the large projects, whether they started in the latter part of '13, and more specifically, even his comments about mainline pipe going into 2014, we continue to believe that cash -- first priority is to deal with working capital associated with those large projects. Clearly, we have CapEx and, at the same time, we continue to be strategic relative to acquisitions and investments. I do think that you'll likely -- [Audio Gap] that occur potentially here in the latter part of '13 and into '14.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, Bill, this is Derrick. Relative to the G&A, I would anticipate something along the lines, as a percentage of revenues in '13, as what you saw in '12. I don't think that you'll see any market increase. As a percentage of revenues, I think I'd hold it basically around the same.
Derrick A. Jensen: Well, I guess I'd say it this way, that I mean, all of our telecommunications operations have been reflected down in discontinued operations. So the numbers that you're seeing now are for continuing operations G&A. And I would anticipate the continuing operations G&A for '13 to run somewhat comparable to what you're seeing in '12.
Derrick A. Jensen: Actually, I think that overall, it'll probably remain somewhat comparable to 2012. There'll be some offsets to that, as we've got pluses and minuses from various investments that are running through that line. But -- so overall, I think for the year, I probably expect something along the lines of probably around $1 million in total for that line.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick. The primary driver of that would be the commentary that Jim has made relative to when any of the mainline pipeline would come about. I think Jim has alluded to several times that, overall, we look for a 9% to 12% margin expectation for all of our segments. But what it would take for our pipeline segment currently to get to that range is the addition of some of the mainline construction that we're talking about. So once some of the mainline construction came about with even a few projects, we think we'd be able to get into that 9% to 12% range, which should be comparable to what you saw in electric power.
