Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, Tahira, this is Derrick. Relative to '15 cash flow, the working capital demands of our business are usually the first place that -- the biggest driver relative to cash flow in general. When I look at 2014 at this stage in the game, I would expect that I have a strong fourth quarter cash flow, but I don't think I'll get to the level of saying that I have cash flow comparable to '13 for this year, probably because of the dynamics of net working capital. I still think though that overall, I mean, cash flow will continue to be strong. I think that 2015 is probably something that's going to be in order of magnitude of -- from a contribution perspective, in the same ratios as you've seen relative to the '13 type dynamic. The -- and then relative to stock repurchase, I mean, we're opportunistic with stock repurchase. We have a much broader program, a $500 million program. We did do $45 million last quarter. You're correct, we did not buy back any stock this quarter. Lots of things influenced that between the timing of awards, timing of cash flow for project acquisitions, any number of different factors that are taken into consideration. But we do think that we'll be very optimistic relative to cash -- I mean, stock repurchase as we go forward.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, Steve. I mean, I think that we've talked about the contributions of mainline will continue to push us in the opportunities of the 9% to 12% range. You've seen that within this year, most specifically in the second and third quarter, which was largely because of those mainline contributions. Our historical performance in that space is such that we have seen that 9% to 12% margin on that execution on mainline. And as we go into '15, I think a lot of Jim's commentary is, first, to get larger contributions. And so I think those combinations puts us very comfortable that we'll be within that range.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick. I mean, we feel very comfortable with our 10% to 12% range. We've been executing within that range for quite some time. The second quarter was a real anomaly, I mean, from a weather perspective as it relates to the dynamics that it had on production. I mean, if you recall, it was just an extremely difficult winter and that breakup really came into play in that second quarter. So -- but when I look back over the quarters of the last several years, I mean, we very strongly feel it fit within that 10% to 12% range. So I continue to believe that as we go into '15 and beyond, that we'll continue to execute solidly within that range. The fourth quarter dynamic is such that we may be still yet slightly on the lower end of that range, but I think that you'll still see that we feel very comfortable it'll exceed the 10% range.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. The combined acquisitions for the quarter, probably run rate of about $200 million to $250 million. And from a -- as of September 30, what I'd say from a backlog perspective, they probably were about, let's say, about $100 million in total backlog contribution and I'd call that 25-75, 25% probably electric power, 75% oil and gas.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick. I mean, Canada right now has grown and is now towards probably getting close to a 20% type range. And Australia is probably a little less than 5%. And I think as we go forward right now, I'd expect those relative contributions to stay approximately the same for the near term.
Derrick A. Jensen: No. I don't -- I said maybe kind of flat to down, but that is all in, yes. I mean, we had substantial contributions last year from a mainline perspective and, in the fourth quarter of this year, will likely be the lowest contribution for 2014 as well as compared to last year. So it's really just the timing of where those projects fall. And as we talked about earlier in the year, we saw a number of the mainline projects looking like that they were going to push into '15 and it's impacted what we see from the quarter-over-quarter comparison.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, I understand, Dan. It's a problem I continue to be plagued with. From a -- clearly, the ancillary telecom revenues that are in that segment create those fluctuations. The underlying Fiber business itself, consistent with what we've been seeing in the last few quarters, is still growing at kind of a mid single-digit range. It's just masked by those fluctuations in that ancillary telecom revenue work, which those are down, because as we've talked about in the past, those just aren't strategic revenues for us as we stand here today. We still believe that we'll be able to put it back into a double-digit growth within that sector -- within that segment. Probably at this stage of the game, still yet in 2016. We talked about previously when we rolled into lit fiber, that it would take us about 18 months to see the contribution. We are seeing contribution today. Those revenues are coming online, and I do think that we'll continue to see those revenues increase such that we do think that probably in the latter part of -- in the mid to latter part of '16, we'll be back to double-digit growth within the segment for the Fiber business specifically.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. I mean, as much of it is all the things that you laid out, I mean, working capital and the timing of acquisitions. A big portion also is just the timing of when we received cash versus our ability to pay down the debt. We've been making payments against that debt even since quarter-end. So a lot of it just has to do with just the timing of when those flows were happening.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. From a year-to-date perspective, total acquisitions, when you say spending, I don't know if you're asking from a revenue or total consideration. I'd say from a consideration perspective, we're probably in around the $250 million, $275 million range of total spend. Then from a run rate perspective, we're probably in the near or probably a little above our $400 million run rate revenue perspective. I won't comment specifically anything between now and the end of the year, but I'll just simply say that our acquisition program continues at a pace that's fairly comparable to what you saw in '13 and what you're seeing on a year-to-date basis such that I would say on the forward 12 months, you can still yet see revenue contributions may be in order of magnitude of the $500 million range, consistent what you've seen in the trailing 12-month basis.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. This is Derrick. I mean, we probably did roughly $30 million of storm work this quarter, which is very close to what we had originally forecasted. And kind of year-over-year, I'd say that's up about $10 million as compared to last year. Right now, we're anticipating only about $100 million for the year, and we're right on course for that for this year.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick. I mean, we have yet to give financial guidance for 2015, which is what makes getting into the specifics of the cash flow even more difficult. We historically don't forecast our cash flow. But my comments are really more along the lines of that when I think about 2013's overall contribution, that I think that 2015 could be similar just from a dollar perspective. But cash flow is very difficult for us to forecast as it relates to the timing of projects, the working capital demands, CapEx, acquisitions and then the like. But I continue to believe that with the expansion of margins and the volume, that we would continue to see an expansion in cash flow in 2015 over 2014. So I do agree with your comment.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. I mean, from a segment perspective, we ended up at 10% margins within that segment, which is moving very firmly into our 9% to 12% guidance. And so we continue to be pleased with the margin expansion we see. I think that we've seen that as the mainline continues to contribute, we -- each period, we continue to see margin expansion. That's what gives us the confidence to think that when we get into 2015, that the 9% to 12% is something that's very achievable. I think one of the differences as well is that when we think about 9% to 12% for 2015, I think the level of mainline contribution is such that we feel like we may be able to be there from a year perspective rather than just an individual quarter perspective. The -- part of that is the expansion of revenue, which is going to have a better fixed cost absorption and then as well as just the execution on projects. So we continue to feel confident being able to get into that space of that 9% to 12% as we go forward.
James F. O'Neil: Yes. It's a good question, Tahira. I think it's going to be a mix. You're going to see some projects move into backlog, which will be reflected as we move through '15. I think you'll see strong backlog in mainline. But also under these agreements, some of the projects that have potential to move to construction over the next several years won't be put into backlog until we're certain they move to construction. So it'll be a mix, a mix of projects going into backlog and then the opportunities under these agreements to build programs that won't go into backlog until there's more clarity on those programs going forward.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I wouldn't say it's a lower-priced environment. I would say that the price environment in mainline is going to be strong going forward. I would say that most of the backlog that we have today in Canada is in 2015. We do have some that spills into '16. But I think as we move through the year, next year, you're going to see lower -- you're going to see backlog build in mainline and it could have a multiyear feel to it. Sorry, Steve, I misunderstood your question on the low price of oil. I think that there's a couple of things here. One, I think people forget that pipeline is the most cost-effective way to move products. So in some way, this is positive for the pipeline market because rail and trucking of commodities or oil is becoming -- is going to be -- is going to move into being not very cost effective under the current price of these commodities. And secondly, many of our customers have longer-term agreements with shippers that are in place today. I mean, they wouldn't have started spending the capital that they have on some of these programs to get permitting and signing done and buying product and so forth if they didn't have commitments from customers. So I'm pretty confident at this point in time that many of the projects and opportunities we see are going to move forward. That's not to say that a further decline in oil pricing could impact our business in some areas, but I do think that we're going to have quite a bit of activity in '15 and beyond on mainline pipe.
James F. O'Neil: Noelle, right now in Australia, it's been the same story, the same market. It's a coal seam gas market. It's been very active for us. It has a multiyear feel. We're the primary contractor from a market position in Queensland, building the pipeline infrastructure. So it's been a very good market for us and it's very consistent, and we do see some growth opportunities there. Canada, I would say that Canada and U.S., the mix of the opportunities that we see on mainline pipe are probably equal right now across Canada and the U.S. going forward. There's activity throughout North America that we believe will ramp up in '15 and beyond.
James F. O'Neil: One of the good things about being at Quanta is we do have these relationships with many of the investor-owned utilities and Canadian [indiscernible] and utilities, so we do have a view of what their multiyear transmission programs are. I mean, we're building a majority of the big projects and we pretty much build transmission, whether it's large announced projects or smaller projects, for most of all the investor-owned utilities in the United States. So we see transmission activity continuing to be strong. I wouldn't relate that to just large project awards as being the barometer as to whether we'd beat or whether the business is falling off. We don't see that right now. We see continued large projects and certainly, smaller projects that have momentum. And we feel comfortable that at least through 2015, that transmission continues to have a growth feel to it.
James F. O'Neil: Well, we're certainly evaluating the Mexican market. I mean, there's going to be significant infrastructure built there. I think the main thing that everybody needs to remember is that just is another factor on the strain on capacity that's available to build pipeline in North America, and so we see plenty of opportunity to build pipeline in Canada and the United States. We're certainly evaluating Mexico. You can hardly not, because it's such a big opportunity. But right now, our preferred place to build infrastructure is Canada, the United States and in Australia.
James F. O'Neil: I would say, Andy, that gathering is running about $1 billion a year in revenue, maybe a little bit better than that. But that gives you a sense, when you look at the overall segment, what gathering's contribution is.
James F. O'Neil: The mainline pipe opportunities that we see under these agreements, as Derrick stated earlier, if we execute on that amount of mainline, it should get us into -- well into the 9% to 12% operating income range, provided we execute. I always say that mainline pipe is to the oil and gas segment like electric transmission projects are to the electric power segment. So if we get a good volume of mainline pipe occurring next year, which we're on the road to having a good amount of mainline pipe occurring next year, we have the opportunity to be well within the 9% to 12% operating income range for this segment.
James F. O'Neil: Well, we're not thinking about Keystone right now. So it's off the radar right now for us. TransCanada would have to announce that they're moving forward with it and I don't know where they are with that, to be honest with you. I mean -- so I mean, obviously, if Keystone moved forward, it would fit the pricing profile of all of our other mainline pipe programs.
James F. O'Neil: No, we're not -- we don't have a -- no pricing or no contract was signed on Keystone. It was just a -- it was a joint venture that was working toward -- that was put in place that would execute on Keystone, but nothing was signed or committed to on pricing contractually on that project. And the project's going to -- was rerouted anyway. So I mean, it's not even the same program as it was early on. So anyway, that's a TransCanada question, and certainly, if it went forward, that would be great for us potentially. But we really can't comment on Keystone right now.
James F. O'Neil: Yes. And I wouldn't read anything into that, Adam. I mean, we always talk about quarter-over-quarter fluctuations in our business. And when you look at the fourth quarter and you look at our pipeline business, I would not read anything into it being a flat or slightly down from a prior period. I think you need to look at the opportunities that we have on a longer-term basis, and there's certainly opportunities out there to grow that business as we move into '15.
James F. O'Neil: Oh, no, that's always a concern, I mean, for us and our customers, that projects can get pushed. I mean, I think we're pretty comfortable that many of these projects all have moved far enough along in that process to where we're going to have a nice uptick in mainline pipe activity next year. I mean, I think the risk is a lot less than what obviously was a year ago because many of these projects have been moving forward with the permitting and signing process. So we're pretty comfortable where we stand today. But that doesn't mean something can't happen to push these projects to the right. But at this point in time, we're pretty comfortable that we're going to move -- that these projects will be moved into construction next year.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, to answer the second part of your question first, labor rates, most of the work we're doing is under multiyear agreements. When these agreements, these collective-bargaining agreements come up for renewal or renegotiation, we're seeing rates that are fair, increases that are tied really to cost-of-living-type increases. So the labor rates aren't getting out of control. And labor rates also get passed on to our customers when we have increases. Now that doesn't mean we're not seeing some areas that have higher escalation, which is overall, I think when you look at it collectively, there's fair increases across both the electric power and on the oil and gas side of our business. As far as resources, I mean, I think one of the good things we do as an organization is because of our entrepreneurial business model and because we're not the low-price contractor, we do spend a lot of time and effort investing in people and we stay ahead of these growth curves. So we're out there developing the future leaders of the organization, both at the superintendent project management level. And we work very closely with the trades to develop the crafts people needed to meet the needs of a few. We've got a lot of work going on, a lot more than anybody else. A lot of this work requires a lot of -- the development of people requires on-the-job training. So we have that advantage, too, because we all work in 50-million-plus hours a year in the field. We can accelerate development of people to move up through the trade as well to be qualified journeymen linemen or welders or whatever. So I'm not saying it's not challenging, it's a challenging environment. But our company is in probably the best position to develop people and to keep up with the growth opportunities than anybody else in the industry.
James F. O'Neil: Well, offshore is -- I mean, moving forward, it's pretty active. I mean, it's -- the development of deepwater and the work we're seeing in the shales would actually translate some of -- the company we bought in Houma, Louisiana that has fabrication capabilities, we're actually expanding some of their capabilities on land, opportunities building production systems and midstream facilities for customers. We're also offshore deepwater production systems, mechanical hookups. All of that's increasing. And we've got a niche market. We're in a niche market there that's performing well and we see some nice growth opportunities there. On the distribution side, we're seeing, for Google, a lot of opportunities on their fiber rollout, where we can do the power make-ready. Much of this infrastructure is being put on utility poles, utility infrastructure that has energized conductor. It requires a qualified journeyman lineman to do the power makeready for the telecom contractors. And certainly, that's a big opportunity for us moving forward. Also, part of the growth on distribution is the continued replacement of the aging grid in many areas, storm hardening, and the opportunity to upgrade the grid infrastructure to accept some of the technology that's being rolled out as far as the smart meter technologies or integrate distributed generation on to the grid. So you've got various initiatives occurring across the United States and Canada. And our Distribution business is going to continue to have a growth feel to it. I mean, we've probably grown that business to double-digit rates the last 4 years and I don't see that business slowing down anytime soon. So we see positive momentum right now in all subsectors of our -- of each of the segments as we see it today.
James F. O'Neil: Yes. The margins in backlog are comparable to what we're executing on today. I mean, when we have an opportunity to increase pricing, we do. But many of the relationships we have today are with strategic customers who have sophisticated procurement groups, and we're making acceptable margins there today. And we're getting more scale, and we're helping our customers over time reduce costs and taking over more functionality from them. And certainly, over time, as we take on more responsibility, there may be an opportunity to improve margins. But right now, with the strategic relationships we're in, we're making good margins. And certainly, the scale is the important thing today in this environment, is to continue to maintain that relationship and grow with our customers as our CapEx programs become significantly larger than what they've been historically over the next several years.
James F. O'Neil: Well, most of our work in the Marcellus is, as we stated in our prepared remarks, were gas. I mean, that's where most of our work is occurring. And I would say that when we moved into mainline, it's by mix. It's a mix. I wouldn't say that oil is predominant or gas is predominant. We're just seeing a mix of opportunities to move product on mainline pipes. So it's -- you really just can't put your finger on it. I would just say where we are predominant on a fossil fuel, it would be on our gathering work in the Marcellus is where we do probably 80% of our gathering. And that's predominantly natural gas and natural gas liquids.
James F. O'Neil: No. I mean, every project's different, and obviously, this is a project that's in a very remote area. So we've got things we need to do to prepare to get our people and equipment in there. But all of those costs are covered on the contract and they're in the total contract price. So it doesn't matter how complicated or intense a mobe or demobe is, it's all priced into the contract under the same margin profile that we expect to give for our shareholders.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I'll tell you that, obviously, there's always lessons learned when you go through something like this. We don't like being in this situation. I can't recall in the history of the company that we've had a dispute at this level. And certainly, there's best practices that come out of it. I mean, a lot of times, when you're out there in the field and you're in the middle of trying to get something built under an extreme time line, I mean, this used to be more of a handshake business and things are changing. I think the environment's changed over the last 5 years since the recession. And certainly, we've done a lot to put new processes and procedures and controls in place from the development and training of our people and increasing and improving our project management capabilities. And documentation certainly is a big component of that, to ensure we paper up any changes that occur -- change in scope that can occur in the field. So yes, I mean, there are lessons learned here, and certainly, you can look back on any situation. With that said, we're still pursuing the total amount of decline and this was a change in legal strategy as we move toward -- moving from what we call a settlement to more of an arbitration environment. So yes, they're best practices, and certainly, we've implemented those throughout the organization.
James F. O'Neil: Arbitration is supposed to occur in the second quarter of 2015, so we're hopeful that will bring finality to this, yes.
James F. O'Neil: Yes. I'd like to thank you all for participating in our third quarter 2014 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta. Thank you, and this concludes our call for today.
