John Colson: Well, there's a number of projects that are moving forward in the fourth quarter, just getting started that won't have much positive impact on the fourth quarter but should have an impact, positive impact, on 2011. The Sunrise Project has just now getting started. The National Grid Project is cranking up. I think we're installing footings on that project at this time. Northeast Utilities project is ramping up, but you won't see much activity from here until 2011. National Grid, I think, I've mentioned that the Colorado River Authority Project or CREZ is ongoing and will be for several years, it's up to speed. The TrAIL Project is one that will carry over into 2011. It's in full construction mode now as well. And then you've got a few things that are out there that should start in 2011. The main reliability project, that's three different projects and we might pick up one of those. We have CREZ, I think Jim outlined that there were five utilities that are bidding CREZ that we should've reasonably think we should pick up at least one of those projects. And then there's several projects in Canada. One, Canada Hydro, that's just getting started with Valard and we will be doing in 2011. And then there's BC Hydro project that are coming and some others I think that reasonably should expect to get started in 2011. So if my count's right, we have six large transmission projects in hand with the possibility of doing another two or three for a total of nine big transmission projects for 2011. Then we are talking about some smaller transmission projects. We haven't seen much change in direction there. It's very competitive market as people have moved out of the distribution market and into the small transmission market, trying to earn some revenues there. But one thing we are seeing is some increased spending on the distribution side. We're hearing it from our customers. We're seeing that some of the material suppliers in their conference calls are talking about increased orders from the utilities for distribution materials. And in fact, we're seeing some ramp-up in distribution spending with the request for additional crews. Hopefully, that answers your question.
John Colson: I think maybe would help to quantify the two jobs at the end of the quarter that had the weather issues, had about $30 million in cost overruns compared to forecast. On those two jobs, we built like 400 miles of 36 and 42-inch pipeline and just over a four-month period the jobs, of course, obviously have moved very rapidly. So you can make up significant project shortfalls in one week with good weather or have a pretty bad shortfall in a week with bad weather. We also have contract adders and changed orders that are reviewed and submitted related to the quarter, and we also have other spreads working during the same period that obviously could offset the production downfalls on those two, and in fact they did, because the shortfall was not that great. Bottom line is that we'd be able to project what these contracts are going to do. It's very difficult because of the speed which are moving. And normally, one project does better than you expect than one does worse. But these two because of the significant amount of rainfall were more difficult than normal than they get for. Probably I think Jim has said about $2 billion of transmission work that we're looking at this time.
John Colson: Yes. I think pipeline is about the same as last year's bidding season. I don't think there's going to be a tremendous increase there. There should be some increase. We're expecting revenues to increase next year on the pipeline side, but so far bidding season is not 30% more or anything like that. But on the transmission electric side, I think it's probably 30% or 40% more than we've seen at the same time last year. Maybe as much as 50% [indiscernible] but that's significantly more than we've seen last fourth quarter.
John Colson: It was not in third quarter backlog, and the contract was [indiscernible] we were awarded six and 11.
John Colson: Well, the one thing we hate to do is to set in this conference call some have to explain the weather downturns or why things that the margins are down and so forth. So we were fairly conservative in our estimates because we are seeing delays in projects, and so we anticipate some delays. However, the weather just got us in this particular one, and it was significant weather. If we would have had some project start as we have been told by our customers they would, that certainly would made up for some of the shortfall. But unfortunately, that's just not the case, but it is certainly work that we have in hand and will be doing some day and hopefully, next year. It's not going to be a robust fourth quarter. We've got winter weather coming on in these projects that are just now beginning to ramp up, but it won't be full swing until later on. But I think I mostly spoke on the project [ph]. It was in backlog at the end of the third quarter.
John Colson: That doesn't really affect any of the projects that we're working off. So no, it doesn't affect our backlog.
John Colson: Yes. It's probably too early, but we don't expect to see any major shifts in the market on those projects. There should be more work in 2011 than there is in '10. So margin should be well in execution risk aside. We very seldom to get those kinds of swings and those kinds of projects. Those are just very fast-track projects that had a tremendous amount of rain. That's really unusual.
John Colson: The election, I think, it's a little early to make any projections on what the election will do. I expect to see continued headwinds on these permits and approvals. Hopefully, it will help but I'm not certain that we're going to see much impact from the elections. Valard operates both open shop and union.
John Colson: It sure feels better than it has. The second quarter conference call, I think, was we were pretty beat up and feeling pretty bad.
John Colson: This quarter, I think, we're much more optimistic. We are finally seeing those awards on the Telecom side comp. And I said, we're working on -- we've been awarded a number of projects and we'll be working on in 2011. Because how do I know that? Well, because we're working on starting to work on them this quarter. So it looks like that once you get started, [indiscernible] have to stop and then of course there's the bidding activity. Finally, we're seeing the CREZ projects come out and others as well. And of course gas pipeline looks good too. So it looks like maybe we're going to see some touch on it here on our business over the next few quarters.
John Colson: It's hard to say. The first quarter is always difficult because it's a winter quarter, you know it, and weather has a big impact on productivity. But I would expect that because of these big projects that are ongoing at second quarter, we should be back on track with margins. Maybe the first quarter, but it's hard to say in the first quarter because of the impact of the winter weather. Of course we're not giving guidance next year yet, but to try to answer your question, I think second quarter next year we ought to be back on track.
John Colson: Well, it was actually a combination. I mean there was -- we definitely did take the guidance down related to pipeline, but also the other projects start-ups are occurring later than we had originally forecasted when we were in the second quarter. So there was some effect on pulling the estimates down on electric, particularly transmission, on the renewable side and on the Telecom side business. The majority of it was pipeline.
John Colson: Yes. There hasn't been any change in the bidding teams for Price Gregory. And yes, you have some projects through the years that are good and bad, and Price Gregory is doing very well. They had a couple of test projects that -- because we're a public company, we're very exposed. But they're doing very well, they're a great company, good bid team. We expect good things from them going forward. It's just unfortunately, no one can predict the weather as to bear us what we have there. It just -- it really hurt us, but that's the way it goes sometimes.
John Colson: Also, let me finish up a little bit of question on Price Gregory there. If some of these other projects had not been pushed, for instance the solar project or a couple of the transmission projects if they hadn't been pushed to the right, then those shortfalls of Price Gregory would've gone unnoticed because we would've not had any issues now. Going forward and going backwards, sometimes when Price Gregory makes up, there's one transition project goes out or it's pushed to the right. So it's a good thing to have Price Gregory. They have more time, if should not, 99% of the time they're going to perform very well. And so it's a good company, and we're really proud to have them.
John Colson: Okay, I just like to thank you all again for your participation in our third quarter conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you.
James O'Neil: Steve, on the question on the job that was bid in the second quarter, that was one of those jobs wants the hedge fee [ph]. And where we just asked about that, and yes, we recently were awarded that, and it will start that work at the beginning of the year. We're beginning to mobilize now. The question on the gas side on the amount of bidding activity that we're seeing and the amount of competition, you're going to have -- this project is very similar to that Fayetteville express line that we had last year. You've got a lot of capacity on the market right now, but bidding season is just starting. This area, the southern part of this Rex [ph] job we just bid is -- there's a lot of -- not the Rex [ph] job but the Excel project. There's a lot of [indiscernible]. So we're seeing the same amount or more activity this year. And the good thing about is sign up capacity of the market, and we've seen plenty of activity. So we're not worried about it, we've got projects out there that we feel will be awarded over the next couple of quarters.
James O'Neil: Northern Utilities transmission backlog was forecasted out for 2011 through 2015, and they added additional $845 million of additional transmission projects forecasted. So we hear about delays on one of the projects which is supposed to be built out several years from now, one of the newest projects lines, but the transmission backlog is good. And we have the $950 million MOU we have with Northeast Utilities to upgrade their transmission infrastructure through 2015 and may have increased our CapEx budget for transmission over the same period.
James O'Neil: I think the LS Power line was awarded, we believe, to L.E. Myers. The Mona to Oquirrh line is still trying to determine who -- they're still reviewing this until the final stages. So I don't think we're going to probably win that project.
James O'Neil: No. We're providing indicative pricing on that and working with them, but there has been no firm RF fees. I don't know a project yet. We'll probably expect that in the middle of next year.
James O'Neil: Yes, I mean solar, we believe solar is going to have a huge growth in the United States going from a 1 gigawatt to 2-gigawatt market, and we think we will be able to achieve double-digit growth in solar. We think wind will be flat to slightly up. But overall, we think renewables will generate double-digit growth. Solar will probably be at least half or maybe 2/3 of that revenue mix next year.
James O'Neil: Well, the two projects that we talked about that had weather-related issues are about 90% complete, and yes they will have an impact on fourth quarter because of POC accounting. We carry margins across the entire jobs, so there will be impact in the fourth quarter.
James O'Neil: Sanjay, it's difficult. I mean the bidding season for gas is in the fourth quarter and into the first quarter. And taking what the backlog is at fourth quarter, hopefully we'll have some increase in the gas transmission backlog. Seasonal business and its annual, so you're going to have backlog burn off at strong rates after three quarters. And then you're going to build that out into the fourth and first quarters. So I think once we get through the first quarter, we'll have a pretty good bill for backlog for the year. Right now, we're just going to be able to provide you forecast and the amount of bidding activity that we're seeing in the Gas business.
James O'Neil: Yes. There's 16 total spreads on the Excel project. And the first part was the south section that was awarded, and that took up six spreads and that the remaining work could be done as early as the second half of this year and into 2012. So we do think that the federal scrutiny over permitting or bring those pipelines into the U.S. from Canada has delayed that project somewhat. But we're hearing it'll be [indiscernible] good start as early as the second half of this next year, certainly into 2012.
James O'Neil: We forecasted a year ago that price probably would do between $700 million and $900 million in revenue for the full year 2011. And we've been updating everyone on the calls, and I think the most recent, last second quarter call, we said they would be close to $900 million. And now we're saying that and forecasting that price order will exceed $900 million in revenues, which is essentially our gas transmission business.
James O'Neil: No. There's been no change over the last two years. There are firm-priced contracts, and the contracts terms are consistent with what they've been in the past several years.
James O'Neil: Yes. I mean the part that's been awarded on Xcel is not in the $2 billion and opportunities that we're saying. And we're saying $2 billion and opportunities in addition to the Xcel project to TransCanada.
James O'Neil: That's correct. We've got more than $2 billion in opportunities. We've risk weighted that, that it could potentially happen in '12 more likely than '11.
James O'Neil: No. We expect to bid on it if it comes out, but we're seeing $2 billion of projects that we believe will start in 2011.
James O'Neil: By the way, I have a follow-up number. On Price Gregory's year-to-date revenues through the nine months were about $670 million.
James O'Neil: Well, we're looking at several utility scale programs that would start in '11 in addition to that 130-megawatt program. That program is still on the table, and we're still working through issues there. So but there are plenty -- they're going to be several utilities scale opportunities in '11 that we haven't seen in the past.
James Haddox: No. Just, I mean, you're right, backlog in gas. Well, price pressure was in backlog in gas in last year and in backlog this year. But that's really, the backlog is down in gas and that's due to the bidding season not really cranking up in gas...
James Haddox: We should see significant increase. That's right, it's burning off $500 million during the quarter. We should see significant increases in backlog over the next quarter or two.
James Haddox: Actually, a piece of it would fall into 3Q because the costs were incurred by the cost of the percentage. In purchase accounting, you would lower the percentage profit on the third and the fourth quarter as a result of that. So some of it would into the third quarter, which is probably what would be maybe 10% to 15%. I mean the jobs were about 70% complete on average at the end of the third quarter.
James Haddox: We don't physically disclose those particular operating units for the quarter. I have the numbers, but I don't have them right here in front of me. I think the rate -- to back into that is the gas segment revenues, probably 85% to 90% of that is transmission revenue.
