James F. O'Neil: Well I'd say that the first quarter, I mean, obviously, we had 17 big transmission projects in construction and we did have some fairly good weather throughout the country, particularly, in Texas and California. So you just can't predict the weather. So I wouldn't have said we've baked in $0.05 before the quarter. You've got to understand the seasonality in the quarter and weather can be a big impact. For the rest of the year, we're just taking the same approach that we've taken 6 weeks ago when we talked to you guys in late February. And we're being prudent about the second half of the year because of the significant amount of our upcoming work will be big projects that are subject to -- the start dates are subject to movement and we're just being prudent about that so we get more visibility.
James F. O'Neil: I think it's a combination of all of those. We worked really hard in that segment. The first quarter is typically a very seasonal -- the segment is very seasonal over the year with the first quarter. Several years ago, we strived to breakeven in that segment. And now, because of the diversity of the services that we're providing with the shale gathering work, some pipeline integrity work, we've rebuilt our gas distribution business. We've done a really nice job bringing that to profitability, and we expect if we can execute, margins will improve over the year to where we'll have our full year margins without big pipe. The full year margins should be in that mid- to upper-single digit operating income range without big pipes. So we're real pleased with the first quarter and how we've moved that segment to profitability in the most seasonal quarter of the year.
James F. O'Neil: Well we're going to be -- we've been consistent with our comments on backlog in Electric. We haven't seen any changes. It's a very strong market. The timing of projects awards quarter-over-quarter can be lumpy. But overall, we're saying backlog in Electric should be strong now. With that, if we get big pipe work toward the end of the year, the mix could shift somewhat could get a little bit higher percentage in backlog and pipeline, obviously, because those can be some fairly big projects. But overall, we haven't seen any changes in the overall business environment that we've been communicating to you guys over the last 2 years.
James F. O'Neil: Well let me just say that the Keystone project has never impacted our ability to pursue other projects. So your question about Keystone being pushed into '14, whether that's given us the ability to pursue more work that we've always pursued as much work as we could. If we could get work at the margins that we expect to get work for, which we've been very disciplined on bidding these projects. And I would say that, we should hear some announcements hopefully about pipeline. We said -- for this year, we said it's likely that we'll probably do some big pipe work this year, so we're in some pretty detailed discussions right now. So hopefully, we will be able to talk about that in the near future. I mean, when you're building pipelines, the most active parts of the pipeline season is in the second and third quarter, and I don't expect that would change because the weather is more favorable then and there's less risk to building those lines for the customer and for contractor.
James F. O'Neil: Well I would say we're hearing the same news about housing starts and there's a lag to the impact, the positive impact it would have to us. We're not really seeing any meaningful impact in our revenues related to housing right now. All of the growth that we've seen in distribution over the last 2 years and going into this year has been maintenance-related, reliability-related. And as far as where that goes, we're not seeing a slowdown. I can't predict what the peak would be, but we're still growing the distribution revenues related to reliability work and maintenance continues to grow in healthy clips. And we don't see it slowing down anytime soon.
James F. O'Neil: Yes. We were having active discussions with many customers on integrity programs throughout the country. And we've always said that our integrity business, although it's a smaller base, probably has more opportunity to grow at better clips than any other parts of our business. So it's an exciting part of our business, and we think it could be meaningful with the next 3 to 5 years.
James F. O'Neil: Well most of the work that we have in backlog is probably out 2 to 3 months at the max. It's pipeline gathering work in the shale fields, and the margins have been pretty predictable over the last several years. We haven't seen much increase in those margins. But margins and backlog will either be equal or slightly higher than what we're experiencing today. We don't have any big pipe revenues to speak of in our backlog other than the project that starts in '14. And certainly, those margins would be higher in backlog when we start booking mainline pipe work hopefully over the next few months this year.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, Vishal. I think it's a combination of both. I mean, certainly, we can have a year like last year where we had better execution, favorable weather and that certainly would put better margins to the bottom line. But also, margins and backlog are strong, and they continue to be equal to or better than what we're currently experiencing today. So it's a combination of both execution and the bidding environment in margins and backlog.
James F. O'Neil: Well that's going to be your seasonally low quarter for revenues in that segment. It's more difficult to build pipeline in the first quarter because of weather, particularly in the Marcellus, which is one of our most active areas. So that's by design. That should pick up in the second quarter and into the third quarter. In the fourth quarter, it's kind of a wildcard. It could be your second highest quarter. It could be -- you could continue to have revenues equal to what you experienced in the third quarter. But the first quarter is always going to be a seasonally low quarter for your pipeline segment and even in your gathering work.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, the substation work pretty much flows with the amount of transmission work and distribution work. It rises and falls with that activity. So there was nothing out of the ordinary on substation in the first quarter other than it's very active just like transmission construction is today.
James F. O'Neil: Well there's still opportunities throughout the U.S. and North America in general, Craig. I mean we are having a shift obviously CREZ is rolling off in Texas. But there's still a significant amount of work to be done in Texas, but there are other areas in the country that certainly we'll be redeploying the resources to. There's opportunities to coal to gas switching. So when you talk about the drivers, we are seeing coal to gas switching being one of the bigger drivers of the transmission opportunities going forward for the remainder of the year and into '14.
James F. O'Neil: No, John. I would say that in the pipeline business on mainline pipe, once your notice of award -- you get the notice of award, you could mobilize immediately within the next week or 2 on that project. So it's very -- it's a very quick mobilization from the time of award. At least the projects that we're seeing here in the near term, that's the way it will be. So it's not like we get an award and then it goes to construction 6 months later. It moves fairly rapidly.
James F. O'Neil: We are seeing our smaller project revenues ramp at the same pace as the large projects. So they're both very active right now or they have been. We continue to believe that the small transmission market will continue to grow for the next several years.
James F. O'Neil: That's right. Most of it is lump sum work and the visibility is limited in backlog and when projects will be awarded and move to construction. But it is a very active market right now.
James F. O'Neil: Andy, I'd rather stay away from that right now. I would say that we typically announce projects that are at $100 million or greater in size. And that's just a general rule that we've been applied the last -- over the last several years. But we really don't want to talk about any of these pipeline projects until we have a signed contract and a start date. And then we'll be glad to provide as much information and color as we're allowed to by the customer.
James F. O'Neil: Yes. I would say that there was probably limited post-Sandy work going into the first quarter. Most of that was completed in early December. The seasonal -- the performance in the first quarter, I think it's just good execution and good weather throughout the country. I mean, we've got a significant amount of activity going on in Texas. We'd have great production on CREZ, great production in California and other parts of the country. So it's just overall having good weather elements over the -- on average on 17 projects throughout North America and great execution. So we're very pleased with the results and then hopefully, we'll be able to continue that into the next few quarters and beyond.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, that's one thing that I would say that we excel at is moving resources across the country to mobilize on opportunities that come to us. And we're not concerned at all right now. I mean we feel that we still have the ability to take on additional work even at today's level of activity, and we'll continue to pursue opportunities. If we can get the right margins in projects, we'll certainly pursue them in the future.
James F. O'Neil: It's lumpy. I mean, and that's one thing we try to convey and communicate every quarter is that large project awards can be lumpy quarter-over-quarter, and you have to look at the long term. And we've continued to say that our Electric Segment backlog will remain strong going forward, and we do not see any fundamental changes in the drivers of transmission over the next year, and we'll continue to say that. So you can't get caught up in not seeing any awards in the quarter or if you get 3 or 4 awards in the quarter, it doesn't mean we're going to grow at 50% or 80% like we did last year either. So you just -- it's going to be strong going forward. And until we see otherwise, we'll continue to communicate that same message.
James F. O'Neil: I would say capacity in the industry is tight, and one of the big drivers is that a lot of the big pipe or mainline resources are mobilized in shales doing gathering work. We're going to continue to remain disciplined in bidding and only pursue opportunities where we believe we have the right margins in projects to mitigate the risk of doing those jobs. And I don't see -- I think that as far as negotiated work and so forth, I would just say that we're not seeing that right now. It's the traditional bidding environment, but probably with only the players that customers have the comfort that they've got the capacity to carry out the capital programs in the future because it is a tight market.
James F. O'Neil: I'd like to thank you all for participating in our first quarter 2013 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Derrick A. Jensen: Jamie, this is Derrick. Actually, from a first and second quarter perspective, we have commented last time that we thought the seasonality was going to start to flatten out a little bit. When you look at 2012, in fact, you can see that on a -- after discontinued operations that the first and second quarters are relatively flat. When -- the other thing that's coming into consideration is we've got a lot of these large projects that Jim has talked about. A lot of that work is in California and Texas, which contributed to larger revenues in the first quarter relative to a seasonality perspective. And then lastly, we had a couple of solar projects that came through. So all those things kind of came to a combination effects for the first and second quarter. There was, as you alluded to, some pull forward from the second quarter into the first quarter based upon the good production we had for the period. And then relative to margins, we continue to guide to that 9% to 12% for the Electric Power. As we've commented, I think, last time, the 2012 was a phenomenal year for us throughout. We had great execution. We had very good weather. We had high storm work. So all of those things contributed to margins that were above that 9% to 12% range. But we continue to feel as though that the 9% to 12% range is a prudent guidance for us for -- in that segment. And as we stand here right now, I think that you'll see that the modeling works out that we're probably in the mid-portion of that range in our current guidance. And for the last component of it and as far as what's -- what can lead to some of those upsides, I think as Jim has alluded to, the opportunity for execution. That's really where it can come from similar to 2012. That's probably the primary driver.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick. I mean, when we provide a previous guidance for that, we have basically assumed that 2013 would be comparable to 2012. I would say at this stage in the game, we'd see at the mid- and high points, you see some small single-digit revenue growth though.
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure, this is Derrick. As it relates to fiber, if you recall, now we have the non-telecom revenues buried within the fiber as far as from a segment perspective, but fiber overall is growing at a high single-digit rate at this stage in the game from a revenue perspective. The sales continue to be strong. 2012 sales for future revenue installs was basically double-digit. So from a revenue perspective, as we go through and build out those new networks from sales, I think we'll continue to see growth, thus the high-single digit to double-digit growth. Relative to the commentary of any of the sequestration or anything from spending, we're not seeing that really impact our business right now. I mean, a lot of the work that we're doing is associated with ongoing contracts. A lot of the sales that we're doing are for other incremental verticals like the financials rather than just relying on K-12. But the K-12 spending right now is still going good for us.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick, actually. The -- from a use of capital perspective, our obviously #1 in areas of focus continues to be working capital. When you use a -- just to the extent that the large project that Jim spoke about, there was a little demand, a fair amount of working capital. And so our #1 priority is to ensure we have plenty of working capital or cash availability to support the growth and then as well associated CapEx. But then, yes, acquisitions and our investments are next priority. From that, we continue to be quite active. We haven't had a material transaction closed in a bit. We did have a small transaction closed in the first quarter, recently, small transaction. But we're active, we're opportunistic and we don't have anything that we target from a size of an acquisition or a timing of an acquisition, but we continue to be quite active in the pursuit of those opportunities.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick. Actually, it's really none of those. It's us moving forward on the development of a training facility. We've committed this year to put forward some, obviously, $10 million to $15 million for the development of a training facility, which will be used for both pipeline group and our electric power group, which we think provides us a much more steady and reliable location to provide that training to our employees. And at the same time, we ultimately think it will reduce our cash, out-of-pocket costs associated with any of that training.
