John Colson: Let me try to answer that. If you're looking at 2011 and looking at a very slow start in the first quarter of this year, it's very hard to be too optimistic going forward. These days, it seems it's difficult to get projects started on time. And so timing of projects is a big part of trying to make a forecast for the year. We have a lot of things going for us this year. We have stronger backlogs than we did last year, and more project awards even after the first of the year than we did last year. However, again, because we do have such a slow start this year in the first quarter because of the things that Jim outlined, extreme weather conditions that everyone has seen, the ramping down of two major transmission projects and the mobilization of resources and starting five major new transmission projects and plus, of course, the normal seasonality in our Natural Gas business contributing to a very low first quarter, I think it probably pays to have some conservatism when you're giving guidance for the year.
John Colson: I think that you have to be very cautious as I say because of the way the world is today. Projects sometimes don't start as they are anticipated to start. So you have to be very cautious when giving a yearly guidance. Last year, I think, everything worked fairly well except the margins fell short in the third and fourth quarter because of some weather events in areas that shouldn't have had weather events. And we are seeing changing weather patterns where we're seeing the swamps of Louisiana are dry, and the plains of Kansas are wet, just crazy stuff. But those things will all work their way out, you’ll just have some bad weather events, and then you'll have some bad weather events that cause increased revenues. So those will all work out over time but it's the timing of projects that you have to be cautious with in giving guidance for the year.
John Colson: No, our margins of backlog continue to be strong and the reason for optimism in our backlog numbers.
John Colson: Well, we always have talked about our margin's goals at 9% to 12% operating income. And except for the first quarter this year, we expect to be in that range for the rest of the year.
John Colson: We continue to see the shale build out well, I mean, obviously the oil-rich areas are very active right now, the Bakken and the Eagle Ford. But we're starting to see work start in the Marcellus as well. And certainly the work in the oil sands continues as well in Canada. So it's a very active market across both shale and oil sands, and we don't see that letting up anytime over the next few years.
John Colson: Yes, I think there's three things there that are negatively affecting the first quarter. It's hard to say that one is 30%, one is 35% and the other is 25%. It's kind of three things and equally important. Extreme weather certainly has had the biggest impact in January. We expect that to moderate, of course, in February and March. But we do have those ramp-up, timing of projects, the lumpiness of projects, finishing early on a couple of projects and not being able to start on the five projects immediately after the ramp-down of the first two. So some of those issues that are causing it, and I would hesitate to say that one was more than the other. We'll have to wait and see and look at it in hindsight and be able to tell you a little better after it's over I think.
John Colson: We’ll still have the seasonal aspects in the fourth quarter as worst weather and holiday season and so forth and so on. But the timing of some of these Natural Gas project awards could kick in the fourth quarter and offset that. It's just difficult to say at this point in time.
John Colson: Steve, we can't talk about Lone Star specifically and the dollar value. But if you look at the ones that we announced this year, the Puget gas contract, Group 1 CapX2020, our portion of that and Lone Star for projects, you're in excess of $1.2 billion in total backlog and probably $200 million of that will come this year.
John Colson: I think that goes along with what I had said earlier, when you're looking at the first quarter start as we are, you have to be a little bit cautious in giving the guidance for the year. Again, projects have a tendency to be delayed. And whether they start in the fourth quarter this year or third quarter this year or the first quarter of next year makes a big difference in your guidance. So there's certainly some caution that needs to be used in providing that yearly guidance.
John Colson: The PATH project was a notable project last year. It's the only one that really got delayed for an extended period of time. I guess, there was one, the one in New Jersey also. Susquehanna Roseland was another one, I guess, that got put off for extended period of time. No cancellations that I'm aware of, but those two did get pushed out quite a ways.
John Colson: We have certainly more capacity than there is work that we are likely to get this year. Hopefully we can reach some capacity constraints in later years. But I don't think that capacity in telecom is going to be an issue at all in 2011.
John Colson: Yes, that project is up in the air. We will have to be very cautious before we put any bid in backlog because of the difficulties that everyone’s aware of, with the regulatory process. But I truly believe that project will go forward, and that there'll be some reason to – reasonableness, I guess I should say, to the process and that, that project will get built.
John Colson: Distribution is difficult. We're seeing some signs that there's going to be some recovery this year in distribution spending. But we're every bit cautious about that because it's not as robust as we'd like to see. And so we're very cautious in projecting much growth in distribution spending this year. I think it will be better definitely than last year, but it may not be much better.
John Colson: I've never really seen a project that -- address your middle question first about commodity pricing. I've never seen a project once it has momentum to be stopped because of the cost of commodities. The utilities are able to pass those costs on to the ratepayers if they are legitimate costs. So that has never really been a factor. Regulatory issues are always a factor. And whether they're state, local or federal, those are always a factor, and those are probably the most destructive, if I can say that, things for construction work are those regulations. And whether a senator is opposed or whether a politician likes the line or doesn't like the line and is getting pressure from environmentalists, those kinds of things are difficult to predict, they cause our utility customers lots of problems and cost the ratepayers lots of money because of that uncertainty. So those are factors that we've lived with for decades. And once they're to the point where these projects are that we've listed, typically, they move forward. Now they can be delayed for 30, 60, 90, 120 days if someone files a lawsuit and so forth. But typically, they move forward once they're in the status that they're in at this point.
John Colson: I think that there are different factors in play as you pointed out. However, there's a lot of long haul as well when you count in the oil sands in Canada and getting that product piped around the country as well as all of these little pipes that you're talking about. Certainly, that's a very, very competitive business. But all those little pipes lead to a big pipe, and therefore I think that you're going to see a lot of large diameter construction as well. So there are some differences, but I don't think they're meaningful overall.
John Colson: Yes, I think that the large projects are becoming increasingly higher percentage of our work. But they're still not 50% of our work, more like 40% large project work, and I'm talking large project being over $25 million to $30 million, and the rest is small contract.
John Colson: Yes, probably it's true in Electric and Natural Gas. But probably Telecom, more of it comes from smaller projects.
John Colson: No, it shouldn't. Actually, the further out I think the better the visibility, the near term is those big projects get delayed for a few weeks, and that can cause you some difficulties. Long term, it will work itself out.
John Colson: I think there's a couple of points we should make. One is projects bidding doesn't mean that projects will start in 2011 or that they'll have significant revenues in 2011. So a lot of the projects that are bidding are not going to have a lot of revenue in 2011, but they will be of course 2012-type projects or more revenue for 2012. Now we haven't changed our bidding outlook. If anything, we've become conservative in our guidance, we’re recognizing that we have to fill those voids that we have in that and we don't have it yet. And so we're probably a little bit more cautious this year than we were last year.
John Colson: I don't think we have really quantified those numbers for this year. It continues to grow. We have pretty good visibility on what’s bid or going to be bid on the gas side. The telecom, because of the stimulus spending, that just keeps increasing. And I don't think we can quantify that very well.
John Colson: I just want to thank everyone again for your participation in our fourth quarter and year-end conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services.
James Haddox: I think that could possibly be. I mean, weather will play a factor into that, Peter, but we should have momentum into the fourth quarter and into the first quarter of next year. I mean, a lot of these projects are multiyear. John and I listed a list of eight to 10 projects, and they should continue through the fourth quarter and into the first quarter next year and into 2013 and beyond.
James Haddox: Well, price is a big piece there. I mean, we expect more CREZ awards that will be released this year, that will start construction this year. That's the big opportunity. And then you've got the projects up at BC Hydro as well that could potentially start towards the end of this year. Those are the two big ones that I'm thinking of right now that we haven't discussed.
James Haddox: Carter, I don't really want to get into that. It's kind of sensitive. But I think the way to answer that is we're going to probably have about $350 million of opportunities that seem real. I'd say it's 50/50 may be negotiated if you want to get a break on that. And that's how we came up with the $350 million in opportunities we have for the year that we feel are real for this year that are in uncommitted right now.
James Haddox: To address the wind question, Adam, yes, we think that wind is going to be depressed this year as well. But we're very optimistic that solar will replace the downturn in any wind revenues, plus add additional revenues to get us some nice growth in '11 over '10.
James Haddox: I think on the electric side, you're seeing a lot of the capacity being used up on the transmission side. So we haven't really changed our pricing. But I think that some of our competitors have started to increase their pricing as the capacity’s out of the market. And to some degree, that's probably the case on the gas side. Historically, we've not been very successful in the early bidding seasons because we've always put pretty good margins in our gas work. And then as capacity works out from our competitors, then prices tend to get to our levels, and we're typically more successful later in the bidding cycle than we are in the early cycle. And I think that'll be the case this year as well.
James Haddox: Yes, I think electric, just the electric was 16. I mean, with Valard, electric we had forecasted that it would grow somewhere in the mid to high-twenties. But without Valard, electric should grow in the 15% to 20% range. Telecom is about the same. Telecom doesn't have any acquisitions. So telecom's between 15% to 20% range. Gas is flat to down in the embedded guidance.
James Haddox: I think it's 25% for '10, and we're seeing 30% to 35% for '11. I think fiber optic will probably grow in 2011 in high-single digits, maybe double digit.
James Haddox: Corporate expenses are targeted to be about in the $80 million range. You have to be careful as to how you use that number because corporate and unallocated also includes non-cash compensation and amortization. So I mean, I gave you guys guidance on what we expected those two numbers to be, a total of about $51 million for 2011. So corporate should be somewhere around the $80 million number.
James Haddox: I would look at -- I have to be careful here to make sure I give you apples and apples because of the fact that stock compensation is included in G&A expenses. So if you include stock compensation and G&A expenses, I would say we're going to be running somewhere -- we'll start somewhere around the, say, $84 million to $86 million level for the first quarter and then ramp up probably closer to the $88 million to, say, $92 million level for the rest of the quarters.
James Haddox: Wait, I've got to includes stock compensation in those numbers, and I didn't do that just then. So you're talking about $95 million to $97 million, somewhere in that range, including stock compensation expense and G&A expenses for second, third and fourth quarters.
James Haddox: Right, you should be closer to, let's say, closer to $90 million in the first quarter including stock comp.
James O'Neil: So maybe, Craig, to help you guys out a little bit, I don't know if this is what you guys are pointing at, but conservatism and guidance, to give you a feel for that if you go back and you look at last year's backlog compared to where our revenues ended up, excluding the $26 million from Valard which was an acquisition, we were about 63% in backlog. And if you take the low end of our guidance this year, we're at about 70% in backlog. So you could interpret that as being some conservatism as far as the revenue guidance because our backlog was so much stronger this year than it was last year at this time. But you still have to factor in the other things that these guys have talked about which is weather and delays on projects. So just using the numbers, you could infer that we're somewhat conservative this year as far as our revenue guidance is concerned. And we're also following up a year where we had to change our guidance during the year, last year. So we should have more visibility into next quarter too so of the overall business, especially on these transmission projects and gas awards so the environment…
James O'Neil: That's the shared value in the Group 1 projects between us and the other contractor. And we'll get at least half of that, but half is the minimum.
James O'Neil: This is Jim. We're actually looking at a lot of projects, various sizes for stimulus funding. I mean, we continue -- that bidding activity continues to be robust. We think it'll be robust through the first half of the year and start winding down toward the second half of the year. But there are big opportunities out there and smaller opportunities. There's just a lot of activity in that space right now. And we think it will benefit us for the next two to three years on the construction side and engineering side.
