James F. O'Neil: Well, Tahira, I think, there's several factors that come into play. One, projects are getting bigger and they're getting longer in mileage, they're getting higher in voltage, which means they are more unsightly and they're in more populated areas. We've had a lot of our work move to the Northeast U.S. and Eastern Canada and the regulatory delays in sitings becomes a little bit more challenging. In the last four years, we've had a pretty steady amount of projects coming in. Now we are seeing bigger projects and there's going to be more gaps in awards because of the permitting and siting process and because of the sheer size of these projects. So, the outlook and the dollars of opportunities has not changed. In fact, it's as large as we've seen; it's just the timing of these awards coming out. It just creates some lulls in activity and we're seeing some of that now. We experienced some of that over the last four years. We always had a project or two in delay but nobody could really see that from the investment community, because we had other projects going very well. Here, it's just a perfect storm and we see a gap that's occurring but it doesn't change our outlook for the business over a multi-year period.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I don't think you're going to see any of these projects that are not in backlog today or any projects or awards that we may receive by the end of the year will be meaningful to the 2015 revenues. We do anticipate that there will be some projects – there are some big projects right now that are in the bidding process that certainly we could have announcements over the next few months, but certainly can't predict the timing of when projects are going to be awarded and when they move to construction because both of those factors are driven by the siting and permitting process. Our customers aren't going to move to bidding and awards, in many cases, until they've buttoned down a lot of the regulatory hurdles that they have to get through.
James F. O'Neil: Yeah. Jamie. We go through backlog in great detail every quarter and I think the bigger issue on backlog is whether it's in 12 months or pushed out of 12 months. But I mean the projects – there hadn't been any change in backlog as far as any of these pushes and pulls that have occurred. We've had projects in backlog and they pushed from this calendar period into the next and the projects that didn't materialize that were uncommitted weren't in our backlog. With that said, too, we have made some management changes. I mean, really, the only area that we really had execution issues due to management is on that power plant in Alaska. And we made some whole – wholesale changes there. The Phoenix power acquisition that we did, we put that management team on top of that. It was a timely acquisition and those guys are really doing a good job in rightsizing and in getting that project back on track. We'd made that change about six months ago and that's where we – once they got in and dug in, we were able to uncover some of these other issues in this quarter. Other than that, most of the other issues that we have, have been driven by weather delays or issues like the fire where we've just had cost overruns. And some of these projects, we are seeking some level of recovery as well that isn't recognized in the quarter.
James F. O'Neil: Steve, one of the projects is Lake Maurepas project in Louisiana so actually, the move into the first quarter of next year really is not significant from a weather impact standpoint. The project's going to take over a year to build anyway, so the big risk in that project is any type of hurricane or storm during storm season and that hasn't been avoided by this move, because the project's going to take a calendar year to build. So we're fine there. The other project I can't discuss. It's under one of our MSAs that we have. And we're not allowed to disclose it by the customer, but I will tell you that the contractual relationship on that job is one where if the project did get moved into a weather prone period that there would certainly be the ability to price that risk into the job. So we're not held to a firm price because the job – and we're taking additional risk because the job has moved into a more adverse weather potential period if that makes sense.
James F. O'Neil: I am confident that those projects are going to go forward. Okay. I do believe that they'll go in the first half of the year, but again, I got to caveat all of this. I mean we're coming off of a time where we've moved our forecast the second half of the year. These are big projects, again, that are subject to delays but I think those two projects are very much through the permitting and siting hurdles, that they've only got one or two things to clear and I think I'm fairly confident they'll start in the first quarter of next year. Pipe is ordered on those jobs and that's a good sign as well. The customers putting more CapEx forward on those projects, which gives you confidence that they're going to go forward as well.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I'll put it this way. I feel like pipeline is very similar to where we were sitting with electric transmission back at the end of 2010. And there's going to be so much coming that, yeah, you're going to have one or two projects or three projects in regulatory delays but there's so much work there that it's going to make a meaningful impact to the company. Now, whether that ramps up in the middle of 2016 or toward the end of 2016 or – but it's going to ramp. And there's a pent-up demand for mainline pipe, specifically takeaway capacity to move natural gas and to move LNG in Canada. I mean there's a significant amount of projects out there that we've got $1 billion we talked about on the call today. I'll tell you right now that we're very close on another billion that hopefully we'll be announcing soon. And there's just a significant amount of work to where projects have to move forward. Even if half of them move forward, it would be a significant contribution to the company.
James F. O'Neil: The competitive environment hasn't changed. We're going to have times where you're going to have competitors come in and take projects cheaply and we're going to keep our bidding discipline. We're not going to chase revenues for the sake of revenues. We could have done that here but we didn't. We risk-weight our pipeline of opportunities on non-committed. A couple of the non-awards to us were surprising because we did think we were in the driver's seat, but that happens all the time to some extent. We did see a couple of regional players that really probably aren't well-known in this space, but they've been around for decades. The KCP&L job, that's right in our backyard, but we've got a local competitor there that we didn't feel had the capabilities to do that job that big and I still don't think they do, but we'll see how that plays out. But it happens. We're not going to win every job and we're going to hold our bidding discipline, but I wouldn't say that the competitive dynamics have changed. I think that as these jobs get bigger and higher voltage, when you get into these 500-kV DC type lines, you're going to have fewer people that have capabilities to do that, so that bodes well for us. It will eliminate some of these regional guys.
James F. O'Neil: Look Bill, Integrity is still a very bright area for us. We've been building our business out. In fact, we've expanded into two new utilities over the last 90 days on bringing our pipeline rehabilitation program to these customers and using our utility technology. It's a core service that we offer. We offer a broader solution I think than others with our program management engineering capabilities, our ability to dispatch on a national basis and in Canada, our pipeline rehabilitation crews as well as our technology and it's a growth area for us. And I've seen that business grow near double-digit clips here for the last several years and I don't see that business – the trends in that business changing anytime soon. Australia, certainly, the focus there has been big pipe. We all are trying to launch some Integrity capabilities there. But that's off of a very small – smaller base. We're starting at ground zero. But Australia's a great opportunity. We continue to see an opportunity for electric – to do a consolidation of electric capabilities in Australia, because they've got the same issues that we have here in the U.S., an aging grid that's not built to serve the population centers that they have today. They have load growth issues in most of the metropolitan areas there, and they need significant assistance from a contractor that has the balance sheet capabilities to help them. So – but that's going to take time to play out. It's not going to play out overnight. It's a five-year to seven-year strategy, but we feel we're in early enough to really establish our presence and grow with that market once it begins to accelerate.
James F. O'Neil: Well, Canada on Integrity, that's a huge opportunity. We made an acquisition, CUC there, there's significant opportunity in B.C. We bought A&B in Calgary and certainly one of their primary focuses right now is Integrity and pipeline rehabilitation. And we're deploying our Microline technologies into Canada for them to augment their services and provide a differentiation there from their competition. So it's a big opportunity. Again, it's growing off a smaller base, but it's certainly, to us, one of the bigger growth areas that we see on a year-over-year basis for a multi-year period than any of our other services.
James F. O'Neil: Yeah. I mean the pace of bidding is very active. But when you get to these larger projects, you're back and forth for six months, nine months. You're going back to the customer multiple times. It's become a more complicated process than what it used to be, three or four years ago where you would submit a bid 60 days before a project or 30 days before a project and the customer would review them, they'd call you in, they would talk to you about the technical aspects of it and then the job would be awarded. Now there's back and forth, back and forth, it's – and it's because the jobs are becoming larger and more complex. And we're trying to take on a bigger role too and not just provide engineering services but provide engineering capabilities like we did in Alberta for the Westmac [Fort McMurray West] (57:11) line. So the bidding activity's very strong, but it's different than what it was three years or four years ago. It's just a different process. But the underlying galactic business is intact and – but we're going to see some growing lumpiness, I think, as the HVdc is causing this type of dynamic in the short term.
James F. O'Neil: Well, let me characterize the $500 million for you first. About $200 million of that, of the $500 million, is in backlog and part of that's the Nalcor program which is really just because we're not able to get the right-of-way access quickly, we've had to scale down our crews to about half to what they were just to keep efficiency and continue to make the margin profile that we expected. So that work just naturally gets deferred into next year and into 2017. When you push stuff into 2016, it's going to come out of 2017. So 2016 really doesn't change, the project just delays into 2017 – on that project. We had some deferrals in the Northeast with customers that we have MSA agreements to do transmission, due to regulatory and that was about $80 million, $90 million so that's going to go at some point next year. We lost $110 million to competition in our forecast, so that goes away. That doesn't move. So out of the $500 million, it's really $400 million. And then there's the big piece of that is there's about $300 million in uncommitted that didn't materialize this year. That got pushed and most of that push was regulatory. So those are projects that were on our radar, that we were either in some form of discussion with the customer about negotiating or bidding, that the projects were originally intended to start in the third and fourth quarter this year, but now they've been pushed into the first quarter next year. Do those projects get pushed further or not? I'm not going to even venture to guess that after what's just occurred. But they're there and it's part of the pent-up – part of the bullishness we have in the overall transmission business over a multi-year period.
James F. O'Neil: We've seen that to some extent in Canada where we've had electrification in the shale fields to where we provide services to electrify some of those fields. It wasn't a meaningful part of our business, but it's certainly in that 5% to 10% impact that we've taken or we analyzed the 10% impact to our business because of the low price of oil. Many of these projects, what we will have to be careful with when we evaluate these projects is some of them will compete with one another. And so the independent system operator is going to only pick one of three candidates. And we vet that out in our pipeline of opportunities. We can't sit there and say there is three $500-million projects going in a certain region of the U.S., and they're all competing for each other. We don't count that as a $1.5 billion opportunity. We count that as a $500 million opportunity because one of these projects is likely to go. But that's probably where we need to be the most prudent, when we look at our pipeline of opportunities, is those competing lines and to make sure that we don't double count. And that's an art more than a science because one and a half lines might go or the ISO might come up with a different option and pick two of the three lines. But we try to be conservative in our pipeline of opportunities when we assess that.
James F. O'Neil: And our fuel G&A will moderate dependent upon the activity in any given region with any given company. And we've made – like Derrick said, we've cut close to 100 people in Canada. Corporate G&A, I mean, obviously we believe that this is a short-term downtick. And we don't see any adjustment at corporate at this time, because we do think this is a short-term dynamic and the company's grown – doubled its size over the last two years. And to some extent I feel like we're still trying to catch up with the support we need from corporate to support our operations. But certainly we pay attention to it, like Derrick said, and we'll make adjustments accordingly, if necessary.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think we did get there on electric. We were well within the 9% to 12% range and then we moved the range to 10% to 12% and that's when we had a nice complement of large transmission projects. I think you'll see this same type of margin move once we start executing on some big mainline projects and we have the consistency of that work. Right now because of the operational challenges that we've had for the first half of this year and the downtick in transmission business for the second half of the year, it's going to be more challenging to maintain that at 10% to 12% margin profile. But again, I think it's a short-term dynamic, and at some point, again our multi-year outlook is very strong on transmission. You've got to have the transmission projects and the mainline pipe projects in order for us to hit into the middle or higher end of the range of the margin profiles that we have previously provided. But we're not going to change our bidding profile. Margins and backlog continue to be strong. I don't see any pricing dynamic changes for us right now, and we don't plan on having any going forward.
James F. O'Neil: I can't sit here and say we are back on track, because the regulatory delays are going to continue to be an issue for this industry. I want to say we're back on track, but I'm not going to sit here and put a line in the sand and say, "We are back on track, because it's a wild card that I don't control. And more than ever before, there's a higher percentage of these large projects in the overall mix of our consolidated revenues. And it's going to continue to grow. I mean, it used to be 20% of our revenues used to be from large projects, now it's 40% and it's probably going to get closer to 50%. So – and those are the projects that are subject to these delays. So I just have to be more prudent about my commentary there because I thought the end of this year we were going to continue to have growth in the large projects and that did not happen because of delays, things get pushed. Do I want 2016 to be better? I think the pipeline market because of the amount of activity that's going to be going on, that if you do have some delays, you're going to have enough other work going on that will overcome that and that's that dynamic that we experienced like I said with electric transmission for the last four years.
James F. O'Neil: Electric transmission, I do think the Nalcor – Nalcor's running now fine. I mean, we're back on track. We're getting back on track. It's still slow to recover but we're not stopped there. We just had work pushed into 2016, so 2016 for Nalcor should be fine. Unless, we run into any other weather events. This was a pretty tough year for weather in Canada and that's what's typically going to slow things down up there. As far as the regulatory delays in the Northeast, I think those are going to continue. I don't know at what pace. Infrastructure is getting built but it's a grind. It's a challenge and there's a lot of stops and starts.
James F. O'Neil: Yeah. I don't know that it has any real impact at all. You're right that the biggest portion of the proceeds that are going from the – the share repurchase at this point are coming straight from the Sunesys sale. We've done roughly nine acquisitions on a year-to-date basis. We've commented in previous calls that we thought that the number of acquisitions that we saw potentially happening in 2015 would probably be somewhat comparable with what we executed on in 2014 and even in 2013. But we did say, that we thought that the size of those acquisitions might pull back a bit, not for the purpose of specifically targeting the smaller deals, it's just that those are the ones that right now we feel are the opportunistically appropriate deal for us. But we continue to go out and we will look for those things that we think will add some level of differentiation and geography, customer relationship and the like. So I don't think that you would see our approach to acquisitions changing. We will still be looking at allocation of capital in that regard. I will say that in the near-term, we're still probably looking at the pipeline of transactions that lead toward smaller transactions because that's what currently is in our pipeline today.
James F. O'Neil: Well, backlogs at record levels right now or near record levels. So our backlog position looks pretty good right now. And I think that you'll probably see and I made some comments here just a few minutes ago on Q&A that we're close to inking some more big mainline pipe programs. So I would think that in the near term you'll probably see some upticks in our oil and gas backlog in the near term before you see any big meaningful move in electric transmission.
James F. O'Neil: All of our backlog is basically for the most part on our fixed price contracts, we have to have a signed contract in place. And so there's no speculative backlog there. I mean if you're going to go out and bid a $500 million job and you sign a contract, that's a $500 million contract that goes into backlog. Our MSA agreements, certainly there's- if we sign a five-year MSA, and we've been working with a customer doing $100 million a year and their capital programs aren't going to change going forward, certainly we have a more intimate relationship and understanding of what the customers' objectives are there then we will estimate the amount of backlog that we will put into an MSA contract. But those certainly we haven't had any real issues there at all since 2008 on estimating MSA backlog. But the problem is backlog again gets deferred. We've had very little backlog canceled. I can't recall of any backlog that's been canceled since I've been here at Quanta. But backlog can get pushed and that's the issue we're having is when you look at the 12-month dynamic, you can have backlog pushed out of that 12 months into – a beyond 12-month period because some of the issues we've discussed this morning.
James F. O'Neil: On pipeline, I think it's deja vu over again. Okay. I think it's the same exact dynamic. It's kind of melancholy in a way. That's what's going to happen on pipeline I think. On electric, it's a different because we're operating at a high level right now and we're maintaining that high level. We're operating a 3 times what the business was operating at five years ago on transmission and in the segment, in general. But I do see program opportunities out there that are very massive in size. A lot of these HVDC lines that could take us to the next level. It's just a matter of when that can happen but certainly I'm still very bullish on our business on a multi-year period.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I'd like to thank all of you for participating on our call this morning. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. And thank you, this concludes our call for today.
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure, I'll start a little bit and then Jim can color from the operational side. The project losses that have been recorded in the first six months of this year accumulate to about $47 million.
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. I mean, we typically have a lag between what we would do – to let information disseminate publicly, so we would be able to be back in the market sometime at the end of this week or the early part of next week, assuming that we have no material non-public information.
Derrick A. Jensen: Well, I'm not in a spot necessarily to give guidance for 2016 yet, John. But what I'd say is, yes, as a bit, as it relates to Sunesys, as an example, Sunesys had a little bit of a higher G&A structure. They were running at the 13%, 14%, 15% range. So that will give us a benefit as we move forward. I'll tell you that we've not made any significant moves from a G&A structure, because we look at our long-term growth potential to see it be there. We've done some moves specific to some of the operations in Canada and some of the pipeline areas that Jim has spoken to. But broadly speaking, we've not made any significant moves because we still see those growth aspects being there. So I would say, right now, I think, G&A percentage is running comparable to what you're seeing in 2015, largely, of course, based upon the volume of revenue relative to absorption from a rate perspective, though.
Derrick A. Jensen: No, I believe that our longer-term outlook on margins remains intact for both Electric Power and Oil and Gas. We still think we can be in the 10% to 12% range in Electric Power and 9% to 12% range in Oil and Gas. This is really more the 2015 effects of the lost jobs, the weather impacts and some of those other headwinds but our longer-term rates, I believe at this point, will still stay the same.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah, actually any of the stock that was bought back in the second quarter timeframe was early under a 10b5-1 program that we had put into place much earlier in the year. So there really wasn't anything that was going on unique to that buyback versus what we were stepping into. And then as it relates to the new program itself, we started on the new program really once we saw that the Sunesys repurchase sale was going to be accelerated into this time period. When we provided guidance earlier this year we really did look at it as though it was possible that the Sunesys disposition was something that would close, although this year, much later in the year. And then we got wind of that effectively within a very short period of time of close to here to quarter end because it looked like this was actually going to move to close. In fact, the PUC approval for it just happened last Friday. So we moved very quickly in that regard to kind of align the current share repurchase to the closing of Sunesys.
