James F. O'Neil: Tahira, we probably, for the first time, we've taken a lot of uncommitted out of our forecast because we are in an election year. And so much of our backlog is large project work that's subject to starts and stops because of the owners' regulatory environment. And so we've taken a conservative approach, and we've got very high -- I think our pipeline business is pretty much what we forecasted is what we have in backlog for the year. Not much uncommitted if any at all. And on the electric side, we're really not taking into account any future awards to any greater extent. So we are being conservative because we have been through this before. In prior -- in the last year, we've had some stops in projects which we got on the wrong side of guidance. So we're just trying to be conservative, and we'll take it a quarter at a time.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, I can talk in general. Again, it's difficult because of the customer environment and the pipeline segment for us to disclose too much information specifically about customers. But it's what we've been saying all along, it's the Canadian oil sands, pipeline infrastructure, bringing that product to refineries either into the U.S. or to shipping ports in Canada. And also, just the gathering system in long-haul pipeline infrastructure to bring shale products to refineries and to markets throughout the U.S. And that's been the consistent theme, and we're starting to see some traction in the industry. And I think that it's getting ready to break out, the industry in general. And we're going to have some very robust years ahead, and we'll benefit from that.
James F. O'Neil: That's a very good question, Will. The small transmission market is really accelerating and that is being driven by NERC compliance. And I would say that we're probably seeing just as large of an increase in the smaller transmission market, which probably makes up for almost half of our overall transmission market, just giving you a general estimate. I see that part of the transmission business accelerating even more than my large transmission market, and it's being driven by the NERC compliance standards.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, I think in general, the way to look at it is you got Sunrise and Hydro One that are winding down here in the second quarter. And you got most of the CREZ that's winding up in the second quarter. That's the big, I guess, movement. The other projects are moving along in construction, and they have completion schedules anywhere from mid-2013 all the way out through 2016.
James F. O'Neil: I think it's the latter. I think that the regulatory environment has been onerous for our customers, and that we've just had projects move through that bottleneck into construction. But we are -- we do still have some projects that are working in Forest Service lands and we're just being very conservative on forecasting those projects through the rest of the year.
James F. O'Neil: We're cognizant of it, that it could occur later on. We haven't seen anything to date, but we expect the unexpected today versus the -- in the past.
James F. O'Neil: No, I think it's just moving out of the first quarter that had some bad weather -- or challenging weather. It's just better weather. And second and third quarter is when you really move into full execution and get your better weather, to will drive a profitable business, which in turn will give us, we think, a marginally profitable business for the full year of '12. So we're looking forward to the second quarter and beyond in that segment.
James F. O'Neil: No, Andrew, I think it was really -- we just had so much transmission work going on. And the winter weather was very mild throughout the country, and we got better production and that translated into better margins. I think if there was anything added to that, is we were doing more work in the small transmission market than we expected because of NERC compliance.
James F. O'Neil: Again, I think -- well, we're being conservative in the second half of the year because it is an election year. So if you model the second half of the year, the fourth quarter's probably going to be light because we don't have a lot of uncommitted in there. So that's -- it is a conservative second half of the year, and we'll take it a quarter at a time.
James F. O'Neil: We've primarily been in the Marcellus and we had a transmission job in the -- a long-haul pipeline job in Texas in the first quarter. That's completed. But we're primarily in the Marcellus and Eagle Ford and Bakken. That's where we're positioned to take advantage of these liquid-rich plays. Of course, our long-haul pipeline, we work throughout the country, wherever there's an opportunity.
James F. O'Neil: I mean, pricing across the board is, I guess I can just say in general, is strengthening because the capacity in all of our segments is tightening up. You can look at any of the businesses, whether it's electric distribution, the small transmission market, the large electric transmission market, even the pipeline business is beginning to firm up. Telecom has been very active. That market's firmed up. So that should all translate into better margins this year compared to last on a consolidated basis.
James F. O'Neil: I think, margins should continue to be strong. It's going to be driven by Electric Power segment, which should perform on the upper end of the 9% to 12% operating income. We can't really take any one quarter. The second quarter -- the first quarter, obviously, was strong because we had good weather. It almost felt like a second or third quarter because of the mild weather. So I think I'd just rather leave it at that. You can't really show any patterns, margins should -- throughout the year, margins just should be strong. They should be in the upward, in the 9% to 12%, maybe even better than that for the year.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, on the pipeline side, Jeff, it's very active. It's a little bit different dynamic because last year, we were looking at $1.8 billion worth of activity that was going to be awarded and constructed during that calendar year. Obviously, that didn't play out. Now we're looking at probably a much higher number than that, but over 2- to 3-year construction period. So I think, a lot of that will firm up between now and the end of the year. So it's a very robust environment on the pipeline side. I would say it's definitely more robust than it was last year at this time. Telecom, obviously, we're in the height of the construction cycle for stimulus. We're still getting awards. We're seeing some MSA agreements come into play on the Telecom side as well. I think we had much as $30 million of MSA awards on the Telecom side in the first quarter. And we think that trend will continue. So it's still a very strong environment. Distribution, again, that market's growing. It's just all around, all of our segments have momentum. And price is tightening up, and the environment looks good in 2012 and into '13 and '14.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, one thing, that's the wild card -- and we don’t think it's going to be a big issue because stimulus construction should wind down in the middle of '13. But many of the customers that benefited from stimulus will continue with their capital programs to expand the networks and then the wireless business should continue to accelerate, specifically, back-haul fiber construction. So we think that we may not have as strong a growth in Telecom in '14 over '13, as we do in our other segments, but it should still be a very strong environment.
James F. O'Neil: Now remember, CREZ is compressed, too. I mean that schedule -- many of those customers compress their schedules from 12 to 18 months. Less time to build those lines. The completion dates still must be by the middle of '13. So you're not going to see any softening in transmission in the second quarter.
James F. O'Neil: No, it's pretty consistent with what we've done on the prior years. I will add that these opportunities that we're capitalizing on do take advantage of the 1603 tax grants. So beyond '13 and '14 -- or excuse me, beyond '12 and '13, we'll just have to see whether renewable market goes. But it looks like a very robust market for the next 1.5 years for us.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, you've got to remember that a lot of this stimulus work was awarded to us, and there were delays in the construction due to the permitting -- environmental permitting that was necessary. So we're burning off a lot of that construction -- that backlog in an accelerated manner because that was a bottleneck as well. So I think any backlog increase in that segment, with the amount of construction activity going on, is a positive.
James F. O'Neil: No, I mean, distribution was up in '11 over '10, and we've seen it up so far in the first quarter. And we still see momentum in distribution spending. We're just being cautious about being in an election year because when we had the midterm elections is when we saw distribution cuts the last time, politics played a role in the, I guess, in capital programs being cut back on distribution. So we're just anticipating that, that type of phenomenon could happen again. We haven't seen anything that indicates that. But our forecast is leaning towards being conservative in case that does come into play.
James F. O'Neil: Being cautious, I mean, right now, the distribution -- the customer budgets are being released in the first quarter for distribution spending. So it's more an unknown right now to us. But we don't expect distribution. We haven't heard anything from our customers that they're cutting back. It's just a cautious approach.
James F. O'Neil: No, you should see a double-digit revenue growth in each of our segments and improving margins for the year, year-over-year. And a lot of that is being driven by increased activity in the U.S. and Canada. And Canada is going to be a very active market this year.
James F. O'Neil: We've got smart grid insulation contracts throughout the country and related smart grid apparatus like a wireless infrastructure and switchgear installations, and we haven't seen any slowdown in our smart grid business. Of course, incrementally, that's a very small part of our overall revenues. That's probably less than $100 million of what we do today. But we haven't seen any slowdown in that business.
James F. O'Neil: I think it was a 2-gig market last year. I think that number should be fairly consistent this year. But you got to be careful because a lot of that is distributive solar, and utility scale solar is kind of mixed in. But I think the utility scale programs that we're seeing is a very robust environment at least for the next 2 years, compared to what we've seen over the last 2 or 3 years.
James F. O'Neil: Yes. We expect to be profitable in 2Q. We have forecasted this to be marginally profitable for the year. I think that's being conservative, because we've only forecasted the backlog we have in hand. But certainly we expect execution and hopefully more awards. And we should be better than hopefully marginally breakeven or marginally profitable. We certainly think that in '13 and '14, we should return to normal margin patterns that we have seen in years prior to 2011.
James F. O'Neil: None of those have been awarded to -- I know there's been some Texas projects awarded. But for the most part, that list, most of those haven't been awarded. They're all still in play. And they should move into construction in '12 -- excuse me, '13 and '14. Most of those projects will move into construction in '13 and '14.
James F. O'Neil: It's been progressing very well. It's a very small percentage of our overall pipeline segment, revenues today. But it probably has the opportunity to grow faster than any other part of our business. And we actually bought a pigging company in the first quarter to help -- allow us to provide full service -- integrity services to our customers. And we're excited about that business. And we think that over the next several years, for years to come, that business should grow significantly.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean it's pretty consistent, Justin, with the shale and the pipeline work. I mean, we -- a couple of data points for you. I mean, we did have a very good revenue quarter. And we typically see that type of revenue in the second and third quarter, we had it in the first. And we did have the mild weather in the winter due to the fact just because we did have more rain and snow and frozen ground to work in and that the muddy conditions certainly hurt our production. And I hate talking about the weather. All I can tell you is you're going to see improved performance in the second and third quarter and for the full year. And we had a challenge in the first quarter but we -- I think we've talked about being breakeven in the pipeline segment. We did have a slight loss because of some of the weather challenges that we faced, primarily in the Marcellus.
James F. O'Neil: That's correct. That's correct. We're fairly -- we're pretty well utilized right now. So we feel pretty good about our position going into the second quarter.
James F. O'Neil: We're not really seeing that. But if that was the case, you still have the reliability issues that need to be addressed. And even if they ratchet back the ROEs, it's still going to be the higher -- the best investment for our utility customers. It will still be the highest rate of return for them, would be in transmission. So we're not concerned about that. But we haven't really seen or heard any of our customers talk about reduced ROEs affecting any of the capital programs going forward.
James F. O'Neil: Well, usually in the past, in the slower, smaller transmission market, we saw probably 400 to 500 basis points gap in margins. But now, I think it's pretty much neutral. You might have a little bit of a gap, but it's nothing very wide. And then I would say that there are almost maybe 100 basis points difference with that on the smaller transmission jobs. I'm not saying there aren't some select jobs that might have 200, 300 basis points difference. But overall, with the small transmission market, pricing has improved significantly because of the tightened capacity in the industry.
James F. O'Neil: There's a good portion of those that there's a significant -- a high probability that we'll be awarded. There's similar others that we're in the final running, there's probably just 2 contractors being evaluated.
James F. O'Neil: We're seeing a lot of gathering system work being awarded and there's significantly more discussions and activity around the long-haul pipeline that will be constructed toward the end of this year and into '13 and '14 than what we've seen in a long time.
James F. O'Neil: No, I think it's the former. I think it's the tightening capacity in the industry and pricing is firming up.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I'd like to thank you all for participating on our first quarter 2012 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
