Duke Austin: Thanks, Alex. The backlog is really not material when you look at the acquisitions, so take that out. I think we had broad-based backlog growth within the company. And as we look forward, I think you'll continue to see that throughout '23. The dynamic of the stacking of larger projects along with what we see at our MSA levels continue to be robust. And I think it will be broad-based on our Renewables as well as our Electric Power and even in U&I segment. So we see robust markets there.  As we look at the bid pipeline, I think both the renewable side, you see more of elongation out where it was just 12 months, you're seeing 24-month, 36-month type things within our backlog. So that's creating that growth as well there. But the pipeline itself, larger projects are certainly in there. But our MSA business, base business is robust as well. So just a broad-based kind of look at the business at this point.
Duke Austin: We anticipated the labor. So I think craft skilled labor is still at the core of the business. We've invested in a long ago and not -- we continue to invest in it today. That is something that we are in front of. The supply chain challenges with the fleet. We've done a nice job, have great partnerships in our fleet over the years, certainly leverage. I think we have the fourth largest fleet in North America. So it's something that we challenge ourselves to be in front of that as well with our suppliers and the same collaborative manner that we use with our customers, we use with our suppliers. So I certainly gave us an advantage, but also gives us a look in the future. And I just think we'll stay on top of the two things that we manage and control is labor and fleet and so we made it pretty tough.
Duke Austin: Yes. With the Renewables segment, when we look out the IRA, certainly it's additive to anything we've talked about to get your hands around it and what it actually means. I don't think we see anything at this point that has the consequences thereof. It does give us certainty over the next 10 years within that. But as our backlog as we're having the conversations today, it's certainly about U.S. content, how we look at labor, all those kind of things within the IRA bill. That's something the company has done a nice job of getting in front of and we're proud of that. I'll let Jayshree comment on the rest of it.
Duke Austin: As far as its three deals, and they're all within the strategic platform that we've set out and a regional T&D. One addresses the front end side of the solar markets and wind, so batteries, et cetera, and the other one is the supply chain kind of contribution there. So three things that we felt like we're right down the middle for us. We've always said the timing and how we deploy capital. It's -- sometimes it's lumpy, sometimes it spreads out. So I wouldn't read anything into it.
Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks, Jamie. When we think about the renewable segment is primarily around utilization and how quickly you're going to get absorption early on. And as we move on to the projects that are stated, certainly, you get absorption in the back half. You're a little light, and you saw it in the fourth quarter, you'll see it in the first quarter. We know the projects that we're on, we talked about $3 billion that we have started. The back half, when we look at the back half, certainly, there's opportunities there. We were prudent about how we looked at it. We felt like with the way that the supply chain work this year, especially on the panels and things of that nature and how the IRA comes in and how quickly it comes in. We take the same approach to guidance every year, which is prudent, and I believe we did the same this year. It's exactly the same way.
Duke Austin: Thanks, Noelle. The -- when we look at the supply chain, most of your larger Us, your larger customers have solved much of this, not to say that the transformers and certain items are long lead times they are. And it is issues, there is issues around it. But once we understand it, once we understand cadence, we can be much more predictable about how we deploy crews and assets. So that's helped us. I do think there's opportunity there for us and how we participate in solving these solutions with the client. That said, I don't -- transformer is going to be a while. I think the back half of the year, maybe even into the fourth quarter before that levelizes out and we get enough capacity in the market. But with the amount of EV penetration, the things that we see, you're going to see some shortages in transformers, and we just have to be more robust about how we deploy assets. 
Duke Austin: Thanks. Here's what we see. We see North America is load growing as we look at it across our segments. So the growth of generation in North America, you have that going on, you have renewables and the way that we're looking at penetration through transmission, you have EV penetration ongoing. So all those things are coming in to these CapEx. I hear that and I hear well, you've seen something different. All I've seen is our customers moved our CapEx budgets up primarily in distribution on the outer end because of penetration of EV and then all your transmission that needs to be interconnected. The way that you think about it, you think about all the things that are necessary to make this work, yes, you can delay a bit. You can do some things. But we're already behind on just in general, if you stay flat on carbon today, you can't -- we're struggling to serve the load at the customer level on the coastlines. And that's our duty to this industry's duty to the consumer is to have load and if you have wells that are offshore, if you have things that don't allow us to build generation that's necessary to get to a carbon-free environment, we have to have more transmission. So either way you look at this on any level, the capital necessary to transform and to make sure that these countries have as a resilient grid, will require a significant amount of capital.
Duke Austin: We talked about the segment. And when you look at it, I mean, I think in general, this year, the supply chain on the way -- well, you had inflation, you had real costs rising, a bunch of different things going on, and we talked about that early on in the first half that we thought we could operate through it in the second half, and we did.  So we've got that in our system now. We understand cadence around supply chains and things of that nature. So it gives us a great more deal of comfort that we can operate in the higher end of the range, not in the lower. So that's just us understanding what markets we're in. We're still -- our guide is at 12% EBITDA, something like that. A lot of people talk about EBITDA, so it's 12% in EBITDA.
Duke Austin: When we look at the market, if you take it all, it's 30% or so of total addressable market within our client base. And I -- we continue to build that out because what was happening, and it made us less efficient and also the client less efficient. And I believe from a construction standpoint, how we approach it, how we approach the front end, we can give a lot more certainty to any project. So it was necessary, in my mind, for us to get in that business. And yes, the customer is happy with it. The projects that we have done, the programs that we are ongoing are certainly something that we'll continue to build off as we move into the future. And that market is there. It makes us more efficient on the backside of a lot of reasons for us to like that piece of business. And we'll continue to invest.
Duke Austin: As far as the supply chain what we see today, what we've seen over the past quarters is how we looked at it going forward. If it gets better, certainly, we'll come back and we'll talk about it, but we see intermittence in the supply chain on utility side for the year, basically, I do think the renewable segment, supply chain is better in the second half, and we've certainly looked at that as well. But how much better? I'm not sure. And if it does, if it creates, there is some conservatism in the renewables segment due to that. We've baked all that in, and I feel like hit it down the middle with prudent guidance. As far as the revenue, I'll let Jayshree talk about.
Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks, Michael. We talked about the stacking effect of the projects, the larger projects they stack on the base. I think when we went through CREZ seven, eight years ago, the company got off the base. I would tell you today, we're highly focused on our base business roughly 85%, 90% of that resilient business that we have. We'll continue to focus on that. We're being every project the same. We did the risk. We're not going to win them all. We're just not. And I've watched one recently look at -- we know our cost, we know what we're doing. We're not going to take risk. It's not something we're going to gamble on. If we're just not, and it's not Vegas, we're going to get ourselves in a good position to make sure that we execute on these projects. And we don't need to necessarily take the larger projects. We can build our base. But we do see an incremental amount of larger projects coming in, in '23, '24 and beyond.
Duke Austin: Yes, the backlog was primarily driven by MSA growth there. And when we look at the larger diameter pie, we talked about guiding to kind of 450, 500 type range year-over-year. Certainly, there's opportunities for us to do $1 billion and that opportunity is out there. We guided to where we're at. Just for us, we can make the numbers in a portfolio approach where we're at. I felt comfortable with them. We felt comfortable if things move, let's just say, solar moved or, let's say, large pipe went the other way. The portfolio we have makes us what I think very predictable. And that -- those larger dynamics of pipe and some of our renewable projects, we took a prudent approach to guidance. We'll update you if we get more work, we'll certainly update.
Duke Austin: Yes, I want to thank men and women in the field, they are putting up the numbers every day and more in safe. It allows for a great call and for us to talk about how great the company is doing. And certainly, after 25 years in Quanta, I think we're just getting started. So I'd like to thank everyone for participating in our conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you, and this concludes our call.
Jayshree Desai: Hey, Alex. Just to add and to clarify that the acquisitions were done in January, so they are not in our backlog.
Jayshree Desai: Yes, Neil, the Renewables segment margin and revenues, basically, as we said, till a little down in the first quarter, but it will be picking up as we move throughout the year. And that's really driven by the fact that as the industry gets more and more comfortable with where the IRA is headed as projects move forward with PPAs and financing, we should see a big pickup in the back half of the year. We have been prudent with our guidance given some of the still supply chain issues and the tariff situations that are out there. However, we're seeing a lot more interest, a lot more movement, and it should start developing in the back half of the year and especially into 2024.
Jayshree Desai: Yes, the revenue contribution is around $600 million for those three deals. And I would just say that from an EPS contribution, they contribute around $0.15 to $0.20.
Jayshree Desai: Yes. I would say it's a mix. It's hard to -- I don't want to sit here and say how much is due to delays versus there has been additional backlog on the renewable segment, that's starting to come in, and you've got some projects that have moved into the -- from '22 to '23, it's both.
