James F. O'Neil: Jamie, this is Jim. In regards to pipeline margins in the fourth quarter, I mean, they should continue to get better, obviously. I mean, we needed work, and we're starting to see work. We've been awarded $250 million worth of projects. Most of that work is going to be done in the fourth quarter and the first quarter. So because we have that revenue coming in, we're able to leverage fixed costs in that Pipeline segment, which is going to certainly help revenues for the fourth quarter.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, margins in transmission business should be north of 7%. The segment should be approximately 8% for the segment. We've got the weather that impacts us in the fourth quarter when doing pipeline work, so we have to hedge there a little bit. But certainly, having that additional revenue is the key, and we should have significantly better margins than we have had the first 9 months of this year, doing about 7% operating income in the Transmission Pipeline business and 8% for the segment. In regards to TransCanada, we're really excited about it. I mean, this is the biggest infrastructure opportunity that we certainly have on our horizon. It's hard to give or to quantify what that total opportunity is right now. We haven't even gotten the maps for the layout of the pipeline project or detailed maps where we can price it. We have given indicative pricing on a unit basis to the customer. But we haven't certainly divided the scope of work or looked at what the total dollar opportunity is for the JV. We should do at least 1/3 of the work. I mean, there's 3 of us, and we certainly expect to do our fair share of that work. And we do think it's a significant opportunity. As soon as we can quantify that, we'll communicate that to you guys.
James F. O'Neil: Well, that's what we can't quantify right now. I mean, the total project is $7 billion. That includes engineering, material and construction.
James F. O'Neil: It's really hard to tell because there's been a lot of money spent on this project upfront. I would say in a typical pipeline project, you talk to looking at 30% construction scope. But they've spend so much money on this project, and that $7 billion, I just can't even estimate that right now. I can tell you it's a huge opportunity for us. It's the biggest infrastructure project that we have on the horizon that we'll be doing going forward. I just can't quantify it right now. I wish I could, but we can't.
James F. O'Neil: Tahira, the portion of the project is the one that goes from -- and I quoted it in my script, going from Canada to Nebraska. That's the course of the project. So yes, this doesn't include the southern section, which has already been awarded. The work is going to be done lump sum. We haven't gotten to that price yet with thea customer. The JV has given indicative pricing on a unit basis, but it will eventually be a lump sum project by the JV to TransCanada. As far as the regulatory issues and permitting issues, I can't comment on that. We haven't talked about how we're going to approach the work and whether we're going to avoid certain sections initially. We just haven't gotten into that detail with a customer. Those will be questions for TransCanada at this time.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I don't think it's a technology issue. I think it's just getting the permitting and signing approval. The regulatory approvals are what the big issues are. It's not about the application of how we build pipelines. I can tell you that the TransCanada line is going to have requirements in place that far exceed what is standard in the industry today and there is going to be technology applied, new type of material for the casing of the pipeline that can't be punctured. It's going to be concrete-encased. So I think that those technologies certainly will be provided to us to construct or to put into place. Our integrity business is certainly an area where we differentiate from a technology standpoint. And we do have some technology there to provide integrity service and rehabilitation services to our customers. As far as the question on the shale work, I wouldn't say that it's not as profitable. I would say it is just as profitable as the other work. It's just smaller sections of large-diameter pipe, and we've seen that business ramp up in the last 90 days or so. It's really starting to move along at a really nice clip. And we have established ourselves in these shales. We have a local presence to where we can capitalize on these opportunities in a timely basis. So we're excited about that part of our business, especially in the liquid-rich plays. The Bakken, the Marcellus and the Eagle Ford, we see significant opportunity going forward.
James F. O'Neil: I don't think we really have a competitive environment in our Distribution market. We have MSAs in place throughout the country. It's just a matter that utilities are bringing more crews on from Quanta, I mean, where we have MSAs to perform maintenance work, which means they're increasing their maintenance. And that surprisingly continues to ramp up in this economy, which is good news. I think that after the first 6 months of the year, we had 7% increase year-over-year. And now after 9 months, we're close to 11% increase for the 9 months ending this year versus that same period last year. So we're certainly seeing improvement, which is encouraging.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, that's good question. I mean, I think that's one of the catalysts on why Samsung went forward when it did. And we are working on at least 2 other utility-scale programs that are being competitively bid, where I think there should be some announcements before the end of the year. So there is a rush of developers trying to take advantage of the 1603 tax grant before it expires at the end of the year.
James F. O'Neil: We've got $37 million, I think, in storm revenue in our forecast for the fourth quarter. It's too early to tell, Alex, how this -- I mean, we have responded I think we've got over 1,000 people that we sent to the area to respond to recent events, to respond to the outages particularly in the Northeast. But we don't know how that's going offset against our loss of productivity on some major projects we have in that area. So it's too early to tell how that shake out, if that will shake out. We think it's going to be net positive, but we're right in the middle of that right now.
James F. O'Neil: Actually, it's because we had pipeline work which we expected to start in the third quarter move into the fourth quarter. And now most of the pipeline work we're going to do is going to be in the fourth quarter and first quarter. And that could be an inclement weather period.
James F. O'Neil: Exactly, it's timing. We expected to do significantly more in the third quarter than what -- because of regulatory and permitting delays that pushed it into the fourth. And we're just starting up on many of those projects.
James F. O'Neil: Well, we've got the capability to do 9 spreads of big pipe. We're doing 1 spread of big pipe right now with Enterprise. So we've got plenty of capacity. So from a timing standpoint and how we planned these resources, I don't think we're -- I mean, we're able to capture other opportunities in addition to Keystone right now. All construction companies have a rental model to where they own a certain amount of the specialized equipment and they'll lease equipment, like light-duty vehicles and other equipments that's common across industries. So certainly, if we ramp up to where we have the significant amount of work going on, we will be leasing equipment. But that's not a big deal, that's just the way that we've done business in the past and that's the model the industry uses.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I mean, we've pretty much made it through, our customers made it through the regulatory hurdles that we were facing in '11. Now that's not to say we won't encounter anymore in '12. I don't anticipate any. But we've got 10 major projects that are moving into construction and we've got some nice tailwind there and we expect further awards in the fourth quarter and into next year. And we would think that backlog will be strong, even with the run rate in Electric Transmission next year, as far as the burn that we'll have. So we're excited about the opportunities. Again, we think we're in the early stages of a major buildout in the Electric Transmission market, and we'll see more awards and significant increase in revenues next year in Transmission as compared to what we experienced this year.
James F. O'Neil: Well, we've been saying for the last year or so that we've been opportunistically looking for opportunities international. And you look at this being a directional drilling company in Australia, it's really an opportunity to establish a base to not only pursue gas pipeline opportunities and directional drilling opportunities because Alaska is going to be the #1 exporter of LNG in the world because of their natural resources going into next year as they export LNG to Asia. But we're going to use this as a base as well to expand our Electric Transmission and Distribution segment as well, which there's a huge opportunity in Australia to upgrade infrastructure very similar to what's occurring here in the U.S. and Canada. So it's a very friendly state, country, very much like the U.S. and it's an opportunity that we've been looking at for a long time. So I don't think it's a departure from what our core business is or our philosophy. It's just an area of opportunity in Australia that we can capitalize not only in the Pipeline market but in the Electric Power Infrastructure market as well.
James F. O'Neil: Well, maybe more investments in Australia, maybe we'll just grow organically that small company because now we have a platform for growth and bringing in resources. So it could be combination of both. Australia is just a huge opportunity for growth in all of the industries that we participate in today. And this is the first step in trying to establish a platform to grow that opportunity.
James F. O'Neil: And in the consistency of work on as many projects that were on, we're able to fully utilize or at least improve significantly the utilization of equipment, and our key people, our superintendents and foremen. So yes, margins should go up, and yes, I think the third quarter electric margin is reflective of that occurring. We just have to be cognizant that the fourth quarter does have some and the first quarter can bring some unpredictable weather. But we expect margins to continue to improve in the fourth and first quarter as we move into next year.
James F. O'Neil: No, Jeff, all the projects are moving forward. I'm not going to say there's not a little issue here or there on projects, but nothing material like we had in the beginning of the year. I can tell you that the momentum in the third quarter was primarily from Sunrise getting the green light, the Greater Reliability Project getting the green light and then Sharyland beginning to ramp up -- excuse me, Lone Star. So those were the 3 transmission projects that really gained momentum in the third quarter. And again, everything is moving forward. We don't see any regulatory issues that anywhere near what we saw at the begin of the year, and things are moving forward nicely.
James F. O'Neil: We had very little -- that Enterprise job was supposed to start in the beginning of September, when we forecast it originally and that pushed into October. So we had very little large-diameter pipeline, the long-distance pipeline. Most of the revenues that we generated in the third quarter were from the shale projects. When I say the shale projects, the shorter-distance, larger-diameter pipeline projects.
James F. O'Neil: That's correct. And to put more color on it, I think we're going to have about $90 million of that $250 million move into the first quarter of next year. So that's how things have shifted from the third quarter. Now all those jobs were expected to complete for the most part by the end of the year, and now we have $90 million of revenue moving into the first quarter of that $250 million.
James F. O'Neil: We just set normal weather patterns in the fourth quarter compared to what we would see in the third. In the fourth quarter, you typically are going to get less productivity than you do in the third. And we have databases of information in certain geographical areas that we refer back to try to get a good feel on what those margins should be.
James F. O'Neil: No, I think you're right. I mean, the revenues have been pushed back due to permitting and regulatory issues. You had revenues move that were anticipated in the third quarter into the fourth and first. And historically, the production that we get during the fourth and first quarter is not anywhere near what we would get in the third. Not anywhere near, it's just more challenging than what we would get in the third.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, Dan, I think I tried to answer that before. We've got capacity to do 9 spreads at a time and even expand that up to maybe 11 or 12. Keystone is not going to take but a 1/3 to maybe 1/2 of our capacity. So we have plenty of capacity to do all the work and to pursue other projects. It's a good problem or a good situation to be in.
James F. O'Neil: We do. We're trying to be a little bit more cautious because last year at this time we said we saw $1 billion more activity going into '11 than we had in '10. And we didn't do very well this year-to-date. So we are optimistic about the bidding environment. We're looking at about $600 million in projects right now to bid for this year. And we've got other projects in that $1.8 billion that we hope will go that we talked about before. So we're optimistic about '12. I think '12 is going to be better than '11, for sure. But we'll certainly have more color for you on our fourth quarter call and give you more detail on where we are at that time, because we're early in the bidding season right now.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, that's still an issue, but we're working through that. And it hasn't really slowed down our growth or productivity to date. That's still an issue that's out there, but it hasn't affected us to date.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I'm not going to comment specifically on what I think is going to happen with the economy, but I can tell you that we're fairly confident that our Electric segment and our Telecommunications segments are going to have very strong growth next year compared to this year. Pipeline, we anticipate to do better, but that's the wildcard certainly. We'll have to see how that plays out as we go through the bidding season. But overall, we expect to have a significantly better year in 2012 than we did in '11, driven by Electric Power and Telecommunications growth in both revenues and margins.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I think the resource constraints in the electric industry are there. I think the supply of qualified labor to move forward on additional projects in the industry are scarce, and that we're well positioned to take advantage of opportunities. So certainly, there's some opportunities to move pricing up in Electric Power going forward. Telecommunication, the margins are strong. We expect margins to increase several hundred basis points over the course of the next year. Gas is the big wildcard. We've got to be able to leverage that fixed-cost overhead with some meaningful work. We're not going to pursue low-cost work. We're going to maintain our bidding philosophy that we've had all along in our transmission pipeline business. And certainly, if that business takes off, we should have some very nice margins next year. But we're still anticipating 9% to 12% operating income throughout 2012. And we should be at the higher end of that if our Gas business performs as we expect it to in 2012.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, we're pursuing that opportunity as well. And then I wanted to say -- the annual cyclicality of the Pipeline business, there's a lot of contractors with capacity right now. We're early in the bidding season. And people typically don't start building pipeline in the fourth quarter or the first quarter. We're seeing an anomaly this year because of regulatory delays that have moved projects into the fourth quarter. So it's not unusual to have excess capacity this time of year, it's just the nature of the business, as we're in early in the bidding season. If we have this type of capacity in the second and third quarter, then that's more of an issue than it is in the fourth quarter. So I'm not concerned about having the excess capacity right now. It's not a bad problem to have as we're in the beginning of our bidding season. But we are pursuing Wrangler as well.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, absolutely. There's no conflict there at all. So we can certainly -- we have the capacity to pursue both projects.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, those are currently our customers that we work for and they're good customers. And we have a presence in the Utica Shale as well. So I don't see us as being behind. There's opportunities there and we've got customers that we work with in the past on big pipe that are certainly happy that we've got a presence in these areas and want us to participate in their gathering programs.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I'd like to thank you all for participating in our third quarter conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. And this concludes our call today.
James Haddox: That's included in the $7 billion. There's substations, compressor stations, those kinds of things that have not been bid out yet. So it's really hard for us to tell you how much of the $7 billion supply is just to the pipeline itself.
James Haddox: And Tahira, on the receivables question. That's just purely related to the ramp-up in revenues. I mean, we had a $240 million ramp-up in revenues between the second quarter and the third quarter. And every quarter of this year has been -- revenues have been significantly higher than they were from the prior year. So that's requiring quite a bit of working capital as these ramp up. But our DSOs have remained flat throughout all the periods that are comparable. I mean, we're still -- we're at about 75 days and that's the way it was at the end of the second quarter and at the end of the third quarter of last year. So there's not really any significant issue in receivables. It's just requiring a lot of working capital to ramp these jobs up.
James Haddox: About $52 million. Effect [ph] on backlog for acquisitions that were acquired in the third quarter is about $52 million.
James Haddox: This is James. I'll take the first question. No, there weren't any closeouts of any major projects. We closed those out towards the end of 2010. And now we're ramping up on a lot of projects. And in fact, we're being somewhat conservative as we usually are in the beginning of these major contracts as far as revenue recognition is concerned. So we should see some improvement in margins if these projects move on through, if we execute properly.
James Haddox: I think you'll probably see it come down as a percentage of revenues. I mean, it will probably move up on an absolute dollar basis. But considering the growth that we're expecting, it should come down on a percentage basis. I mean, you might see it be below -- I mean, typically an 8% number is a good number. You might see it below that number in 2012. But we're not really giving any specific guidance yet on 2012. So that's just kind of general. I think, it will, like I said, go up on the an absolute dollar basis, but should be lower on a percentage basis.
James Haddox: You might mention that when you say throughout 2012, that might not hold for the first quarter because the first quarter is subject to seasonality. That's the winter quarter. You won't see -- I mean, I don't you're going to see the first quarter fall off compared to the fourth quarter as much as it traditionally has because of the momentum. But we will still have some effects of weather on the first quarter and with respect to margins and revenues, they'll be lower in the first quarter than they are in the fourth quarter.
James Haddox: John, I don't think things have changed a whole lot as far as the way we view our cash position. I mean, we've been saying for the last couple of years that we were building up cash in anticipation of the need of working capital that we're seeing right now. TransCanada, I mean, we're going to need normal working capital as revenues increase in 2012. I don't think it's going to be extraordinary. I mean, we haven't really signed the contract yet, but we will take the normal approach with TransCanada that we take on all of our big projects, which is to try as much as we can to minimize the working capital that we have to put out. But with that being said, we've got the availability to do, to carry the working capital. So like I started to say, we've held cash primarily to be able to fund these types of projects, followed up by capital expenditures and acquisitions, and then coming behind that is stock repurchases. And acquisitions and stock repurchases are opportunistic. It's a little too early [ph] for me to give you guidance on any more specifics than that.
James Haddox: No, I don't think so. I mean, it might be a little bit higher, but I don't think so. I think it will be about the same as it is this year.
James Haddox: We don't typically drill down into the results of our operating units on the quarter. I mean, I've given you -- you can actually probably back into it because the differential in Electric Power growth was, instead of 55%, was 42% and 12% came from the new acquisitions. So you can probably back into it. But the Valard is doing well. I mean, the Valard is performing up to our expectations for 2011 and about what we expect it will do in 2012.
