James F. O'Neil: I would characterize the environment, Dan, continues to be robust. There's still billions of dollars of pipe mainline opportunities that are out there that we're bidding. The project that we removed from backlog was sizable. I'm not going to quantify it, but it was a sizable project. And that did impact the fourth quarter backlog decline obviously in oil and gas. But with that said, I think it's just a short-term dynamic and I think backlog in that segment and quite frankly in both segments will continue to be strong going forward. We're going to have some seasonality baked in and some fluctuations that do occur, but some of the contracts are taking a little bit longer to negotiate, but we do expect the mainline backlog to continue to increase over time.
James F. O'Neil: It's a little bit of both, Dan. We do expect to see more large project activity as we move into the second half of this year. We anticipate that. Although our visibility still isn't crystal clear. But, we do expect both backlog – the margin environment to improve and backlog – opportunities for backlog in large projects to improve as well.
James F. O'Neil: Most of our shale activity was in the Northeast in the Marcellus and in the Utica. The problem is, because the gas is trapped there is not enough takeaway capacity. There have been fewer wells being drilled, because they can't get the gas out. And so, subsequently there is less gathering work to be done. I do think that problem will take care of itself, once we start building takeaway capacity. But, we are expecting levels of gathering to be down significantly this year compared to what we've seen in the past few years. I would guess probably half the volume. But, the segment revenues should still grow, because we do think our LDC markets and our mainline markets will grow and make-up for that downturn. But, it does create some volatility and earnings in particular, when you haven't ramped up significantly in mainline...
James F. O'Neil: ...so we were using – that was a good stable baseline of work that we were doing on gathering that was recurring revenue year-round. That's now at a lower level. So, it's going to have some impact on margins until we ramp-up on mainline in a meaningful way.
James F. O'Neil: Well, let me just be clear, we have very little uncommitted for large transmission projects at the midpoint of our guidance.
James F. O'Neil: So, I mean, I think that's enough said there. I mean, I don't think we're getting too optimistic in our transmission forecast. When we say we expect it to ramp, qualitatively, that really isn't baked in at the midpoint of our guidance, because I don't have the visibility. If it does begin to ramp in, we do better than we expect. It'd be more toward the upper end of our guidance, but we're not betting on it right now...
James F. O'Neil: ...because of our past history and trying to predict transmission. It's just difficult with the permitting challenges and so forth at this point in time to try to predict what's going to happen in the second half of the year.
James F. O'Neil: Yeah. I don't know if it's necessarily a funding issue. I think that the low price of oil has obviously been a headwind to – there is not as many wells being drilled. I mean, the rig count is down 75% throughout North America. And we've taken that into account on our guidance that we'll be doing less gathering going forward.
James F. O'Neil: Matt, maybe, you should re-ask the question. I just didn't – I don't understand when you say funding.
James F. O'Neil: No, I understand. I think we've baked that in. I mean, obviously, that's something we're watching very closely. And most of our customers fortunately are well capitalized that have committed contracts, and these are larger pipeline players. But, no, that is certainly something that we are watching – credit risk on some of the MLPs – and we have certainly baked that into our guidance.
James F. O'Neil: That's a good question. And because we don't have the level of gathering work going on at this point in time in the Canadian pipelines that we typically would see the level – I mean, we are building some pipeline in Canada right now, but the level of activity isn't – what it has been in the past – we're not at a ramp level now on mainline. So, the first half of the year will be a drag on margins. When we do have a full complement of mainline going in the second quarter or, particularly, in the third quarter, we should see us moving into that 9% to 12% range, if we execute. But for the full-year, we expect it to be a drag, primarily, because of the lack of gathering work that we've done over the last several years. And also, we've got about 15% of our business that has been impacted directly by oil prices where we have operations that will be generating – we expect them to generate positive margins, but certainly nowhere near that 9% to 12% range. And the area is impacted by oil and gas. So, when you look at the entire segment and the dynamics that are occurring today, we feel like it will be challenging to be in that 9% range. But that is our expectation long-term, and we're going to continue to make adjustments and certainly if mainline takes off like we expect in the next several years, we do think it's possible to get into that range at some point in time. But this year is going to be challenging.
James F. O'Neil: Right now, our strategy is to do the bolt-ons in adjacent markets in our energy segments. That's what we've been focused on the last couple of years, building, for example, our engineering and material management capabilities in the both Oil and Gas and in the Electric segments. We've moved into areas like storage, made a small bolt-on acquisition in the storage space. So, those are more adjacencies to help expand our customer solutions across the spectrum of what we can do. We're concentrating on our base business and execution right now. That's the most important thing. And then certainly, we've done some bolt-on acquisitions in the last couple of years. I expect that to continue. But, I wouldn't count out doing – and again this is not our focus right now, but we do continue to look at opportunities in other areas, if that makes sense. And we're not going to make any big bad acquisition that's not my intent, but certainly if there's opportunities to move into other areas, we will. For example, in Latin America, we've been focused on expanding our telecom operations. And we should do about $300 million there this year. And so, that's an important growth opportunity for us and that's an example of branching out into new areas.
James F. O'Neil: Yeah, I'll go first. I mean the downstream market right now is extremely bullish – we're extremely bullish on them. I mean we've been green-fielding operations in the Houston ship channel and the refinery and petro-chem area and that business has been growing nicely for us. It's not anything material to the total company, but it's certainly a nice growth area for us. And the business is going very strong right now. Obviously, with the refineries many of them operating at peak capacity and having expansion plans and at a very minimum, they are refurbishing and upgrading their existing facilities. So, we're doing really well there and we continue to see that as a growth area for us.
James F. O'Neil: We had a hard time with the caller here. It's breaking up. I think the question was my conviction on Oil and Gas segment in the backlog and I would – go ahead, I can hear you better now. Please repeat the question.
James F. O'Neil: We've got – in our forecast on mainline, I would say, that with the projects that we have at backlog at year-end, plus the projects that I mentioned that we have either signed or that we are negotiating – in the final stages of negotiating right now, that that would be the midpoint of our guidance and we have put some hedge in there for some project slippage as well.
James F. O'Neil: Yeah. I would say that on the – the pipeline side right now, nothing has changed if anything, it's a better environment for us, because we are still in the strategic alliances that are more risk sharing agreements that are longer-term, where the customer is wanting us to meet their resource needs over a multi-year period. And that tends to be a more teaming type approach on the contracts and not a bid and buy situation at year-end when it's a one-off project. So, I would say, there's been no change in the overall approach to contract and all the risks that we're willing to take in this environment, even in Canada, because there's so much pipeline work to be built going forward.
James F. O'Neil: Electric transmission, I would say, there's – yeah, I mean, it's more challenging in Canada right now, because there's fewer projects out there. So, it just is a more challenging environment. Canada is a challenge right now, but we do think that it will recover, but it's going to be a difficult 2016 in Canada.
James F. O'Neil: It's not all gas, but it certainly predominantly gas. And most of it frankly is moving gas in the Midwest and Northeast markets and in Eastern Canada. And we're also in the – we're along the eastern seaboard, in general. So, not to say, there's projects in the Southeast as well. So, it's mostly natural gas, I would say probably two-thirds to maybe three-quarters. I think that would probably the breakdown.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I mean, when the projects can move quickly to construction once contracts are signed. Projects can move quickly to construction once contracts are signed. And I don't think you're going to get a lot of pre-notification. It's just, I think – I mean, I just don't think there's going to be a lot of talk about what projects we're looking at and what the opportunity is, until we actually sign a contract and move to construction. So, it's not unusual, I've been hearing about a lot of projects moving, but you don't hear a lot from contractors about those projects until they move to construction. That's the approach we're going to take. But, certainly there are several projects that we are working on, that we've been awarded, that we plan on moving to construction on in the second quarter and third quarter, in particular.
James F. O'Neil: A little more color on MLP, I mean if there was some unforeseen conditions that required some engineering and scope changes, and we do feel that we have a good case to pursue, we are covered for a significant amount of that. Certainly, the most important thing right now is to get that project completed and it's scheduled to complete in the second quarter of this year.
James F. O'Neil: Jamie, that's a good question. And we will continue, we have and we'll continue to make adjustments. And yeah, I mean, if transmission doesn't materialize in the second half, we expect margins to continue over time to get back to the 10% range. I mean Canada is a big issue right now. Canada is challenged. We do have less big projects going on right now, especially compared to the first half of last year. And in the mix of smaller projects, the larger projects are certainly back to levels that we had in 2010. With that said, we have significant amount of transmission in backlog that we will need to execute on in 2017. We have to maintain some of our core capabilities and not be shortsighted. We've got that large project, the (67:15) project that we've got to execute on, the concession move we won in Alberta; and again, we're very early still on the (67:26) and we expect other awards to come out that will be sizable in the coming years. And so, I don't want to be shortsighted and cut all of our capabilities, but we do have a sense of urgency to return margins to historical levels. And we'll continue to make necessary adjustments, we have, and we'll continue to make necessary adjustments to improve margins over time.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I mean, I don't think there's any one answer to that. I mean I think we book backlog every day. And we've taken that into account when we evaluate our own committed business and everything that we do. The day-to-day book and burn work and the large spot project environment. I think one of the key things that I mentioned today is that on your more volatile projects, where backlog is – you have the less visibility on backlog or your larger projects and we've assumed very little uncommitted electric transmission large projects at the midpoint of our guidance and we're comfortable that we have on the mainline guidance at the midpoint that we have the work booked or either in 12-month backlog, recently booked in the first quarter or that we're in final negotiations on projects and that's your midpoint. And so, I think the other work is really book and burn work in areas of our business that have been accelerating over the last several years and we don't expect any change in the sub-transmission business or electric distribution and our LDC business. All of that, it equates to probably half of our consolidated revenues and that businesses continues to accelerate and that's your day-to-day work that you probably have less committed, but you book that every day and that momentum continues as well.
James F. O'Neil: Yes. I mean, I think, we will continue to book backlog. The takeaway capacity is needed, whether it's oil or natural gas. There's some markets that you hear that they don't need pipeline, I can certainly understand that in some of your liquid play shales. But we have customers that have a need to move liquids out of regions to either refining centers or load centers. And in this environment, it actually reduces the cost, because they cannot move enough product by pipe, it's stranded, they're having to move it by rail, and rail looks really costly right now in this environment. So, both liquid – there's a need for liquid and natural gas takeaway capacity and you will continue to see backlog grow in those areas.
James F. O'Neil: ...or the needs for pipeline capacity, right from the Canadian oil sands, there is a desperate need to build takeaway capacity by our customers.
James F. O'Neil: All right. Well, thank you. I'd like to thank you all for participating in our fourth quarter 2015 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. And this concludes our call for today.
Derrick A. Jensen: Relative to the cost, I mean, our efforts to right size costs are generally continuous, and so you rarely see us come through and have an aggregate restructuring type item. We've called that out relative to the first quarter. Not having any other forecast of other restructuring through the end of the year, doesn't mean that we're not trying to look at it from addressing those costs, but we're not looking at as it stands here today as having something that is a sizable overall restructuring. We still are positioning ourselves relative to our multiyear outlook. We have a number of initiatives that's going on, in our mind that are to support the long-term growth of the company. And from a timing perspective, as it stands, as Jim mentioned, from what we see relative to the contributions of mainline in the third quarter and fourth quarter as well as the potential dynamics of evaluating what the market looks like in the last half of the year for a large transmission, we're still situating ourselves to support those aspects of the market as it stands today.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah, relative to the MLP, I'll add just a bit of color also to Jim's comment that is, when we evaluated our impairments, we didn't look at it as a base case; but at the same time, we looked at various scenarios including low cases and we waited those things accordingly to ensure that we had adequately taken into consideration potential volatility in this space. And then as well as relative to MLP, we have gone through and like we do at every period when it comes to looking at revenue recognition and try to go through and look at what our estimates to complete are based upon what we believe is the probable outcome. And so, as we sit here today, we have gone through and done a bottoms-up approach; and from that end, we believe that as we sit here that we have booked everything, it was a probable loss on that project as of year-end.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah, actually, we have a fairly limited amount available under our current program based upon stock repurchases we made for 2015, we only have about $50 million remaining under our current program. If we were to pursue anything relative to additional repurchases, we will need to have further board authorization which we do not have as we stand here today. When we look at free cash flow for 2016, I do expect to have a fair amount of draws of working capital to support the growth as we go into the second quarter and third quarter that Jim has spoken to. So, I actually would tell you that I would expect to have a very limited free cash flow into the first portion of this year and it all basically dependent upon how the fourth quarter goes from seasonality, because again, most of it would be there to support the overall growth.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yeah, my earlier commentary I think was that based upon the fact that we do have such a seasonable ramp; we do think we'll have the draw of capital out of the business to support that growth. I think that you'll see the levels of debt continuing to increase on average balances between the first quarter into the second quarter, and into the third quarter, as we set up to fund the working capital that would be required to maintain that growth. Fourth quarter is going to be highly dependent. I mean, it's normal seasonality that sets the fourth quarter would roll down some and would, therefore, be a strong cash flow period much like you saw in the fourth quarter of this year. But the timing of when that can happen is very difficult to predict. I do believe that ultimately we'll have free cash flow, but I think you'll see most of it being very backend loaded and highly seasonality dependent.
