Duke Austin: Thanks Derrick. Before going to Q&A, I wanted to thank and recognize Derrick for his many years of continued dedication to Quanta and for his partnership. This is a purposeful transition and is a role that will enhance our ability to reach our targets. I’m grateful Derrick embraced and led this transition and look forward to driving operations together. It is congratulations today, but maybe condolences later. I also want to congratulate Jayshree on her new role as CFO. She has been a great addition to our senior leadership team. I am excited about Quanta’s future and look forward to working closely with Derrick and Jayshree and their new roles. With that, I’ll turn the call back to the operator for Q&A.
Duke Austin: Yes, thank you. When we look at the business, we do look at it as a portfolio and I – we saw broad base growth across all segments. Sometimes the backlog within the segment’s lumpy a bit, but the continued MSA growth from our base business on both gas, electric telecom, as well as renewables continues. And I don’t see that stopping and we continue to see inbound calls daily on capital spends and how can we help on a programmatic way? So the company is in a really good position and I do believe backlog will grow, continue to grow. And we’ve talked about the growth of the company on a EPS basis. So we stand by.
Duke Austin: I mean the tariff commentary is valid and it’s out there. So we – let’s address it. When we talk about Blattner, we talk about the acquisition, we talk about megawatts, gigawatts and it’s still the same. It’s megawatt, gigawatts that we can change with our customers. It’s much like MSAs and the larger customers we can flex to wind. We can flex the solar. We can flex the batteries. The segment is much bigger than just Blattner. It does have all – some of our larger transmission projects in it as well. We really like our positioning in these type of markets. It allows us to collaborate and provide solutions to the client, which ultimately puts us in a different position than others with the scale of the company. So in saying that with times of we’ve been through a pandemic, we’ve been through many, many things and through this company’s existence, and we’ve continued to provide those solutions back to the client, collaborate that’s who we are that’s who Blattner is. And we continue to be positive – incrementally positive about the markets. That said, look, it’s – solar is up in the air due to the tariff. And I do think it’s – we’ve got incrementally positive news as this memos continue to come out. We believe that ultimately the energy transition is happening. Solar will be a big piece of that as well as wind and batteries. So that’s said long-term, the demand is outpaces anything and any kind of movement you would have and solar would go into 2023, 2024 build. So we stand by our 2022 guidance that we’ve given on Blattner $2.5 billion and stand by – continue standby with the tariff, without a tariff and the future is just continues to get better.
Duke Austin: Sean, as always, I think we take a prudent approach to our guidance and with three months into a year and was certainly some regulatory impacts and things of that nature that we see. So that supply chains everything else, I just – we didn’t feel like it’s prudent to step into, let’s raise guidance, let’s get out there on this. We took a prudent approach to it, hit it down the middle. Can we beat it? Should we beat it? Are we striving to beat it? Yes. But that said, there’s factors out of our control that are out there that we want to be prudent about it. And I do believe we’ve hit the guidance number and what we thought for the year, right down the middle and opportunities to beat it as well. And there’s a range in there that we stood by. So I like where we sit. I do think it’s nice to come out and have a strong first quarter, but again, you had some pull in a bit from the second and as well as strength to the later half. So we’ve got to deliver on the backside of it. It’s third and fourth quarter, always our biggest quarter. So that’s where the bulk of earnings power is. And we need to make sure that over the next three or four months, it sets the way it should and I believe it will.
Duke Austin: I mean, I think if they pivot to any of those markets, we’re in a great place. So those pivots allow us to be extremely flexible with the client. And it says much about who we are and what we continue to say is our skeleton scope and flexibility along megawatts, gigawatts and renewables, as well as our T&D infrastructure is why we believe that the Blattner acquisition really puts us in the forefront of this energy transition, exactly your commentary and the portfolio that we built as a company allows the growth and the growth platform, even in an environment like this. As I said in the script, the glass is not full for us and we just need to deliver the solutions to the client.
Duke Austin: I mean the larger project we discussed last quarter is in a renewable segment. So it’s not a part of the electric segment. The overall company, if you look at organic growth basis, it’s up 23% year-over-year. So I do think we’re doing the right things. Do I think that’s sustainable? No. And we’ve talked about the growth rates that we believe are possible within the company. And look, we’ve got a good head start on growth rates with the kind of a 23% organic growth. That said, we still will be treated about how we talk about the growth. We have done some things that allow us to organically grow this company meaningfully through our colleges and the way that we put kids in the field, young ones in the field. And I do think our safety records, the way we work with the client on the capital spends and collaborate will ultimately allow us to get those growth rates. We just – I think you can see it in the electric segment, the MSAs are getting bigger. We talked about the mega trends that are out there around EV, the hardening in the west, it continues up and down the west coast as well as over in the storm prone areas. So we’re in a good spot and we continue to try to work with a client on their capital budgets.
Duke Austin: I mean, I think we stand by the numbers and when we – 8.5% to 9%, we really floored it and it gave you more variable. And I honestly – we’re shooting for the top end of that. And the company strives to beat those margins and believe we can operate in double digits over time and we’ll. So that said, I mean, I do believe we’re in unprecedented times around supply chains and terrorists and wars and pandemics that we’re still working through, but ultimately as we work with supply chains, it makes us a better company in understanding the verticals of the total cost of our projects. So that said, I do believe – as I said, the glasses have full, we’re working with our clients on supply chains. We’ve had to sequence work differently, do things differently than we ever have, but that’s who we are. That’s what we’re trying to do with the client to make sure that the ultimate project is a success for us and the customers. So we’re doing those things, I like what we said.
Duke Austin: You never know. We’ve worked together a long time. So I would say, he’ll be around. That said, the portfolio of the company we’ve talked about in commented on it many times. And we’ve said that if we start doing more underground, we’ll get operating leverage. We’re starting to see that come through on some of the gas margins, because if you’re operating leverage on electric and your offices in the field, and you’ll continue to see that to – going to get in those upper single digs, that’s what we’re striving for.
Duke Austin: I think we’ve always said that you have quarters that are – we have five, I believe in the fourth quarter, so it probably moves. And again, we’re inquisitive. We look at companies, family businesses all the time. We see the right ones we lean in. I don’t – there’s nothing to think about it. We’re not out looking, but we do have holes in regions. We do have things we would like to do as a company, we either organically grow it or look at acquisitions, not to signal a thing. It’s the same process we’ve used over the last six years. And we’ll continue to do so.
Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks Mike. The industrial base, we talked about it before, when it was back in 2008, 2009 and they came out of it 2011, 2012, 2013. It was really kind of robust. I think you’ll see that that those type of numbers coming through here. There’s some capital projects for your plastics coming in online, big capital projects along the Gulf Coast, as well as LNG, so all those things provide opportunities for us around really every one of our service lines on the industrial side. So we’re excited about those. And I do think we’ve said all along, we have a great management team that really understands markets and position us quite well to take advantage of these opportunities as the market changes. So like our positioning as always, we stayed with it. We really work at that even when it causes a little bit of margin degradation. We keep our people, we work through them and make sure that we’re lean as well as and capture the opportunities that we see in the industrial space, which we do. As far as communications, it’s a robust market. The technology changes daily. I do believe we see more carriers working together around fiber, around high band – high bandwidth type scenarios. And so I do think that will ultimately drive the macro market for the foreseeable future, or certainly around our wireless capabilities. We’ve invested there, we’re working on that vertical as well as many others. So we sit nicely, we talked about $700 million plus this year in telecom, we stand by that and the margins are improving. Got a nice start here for the year, we like where we’re going.
Duke Austin: No, I mean, I list some opportunities in Canada. We took advantage of, we talked about that before on the large pipe side and some of that came through as well as just in general, our backlog there on the MSAs. And I do think it’ll continue to grow and our industrial base has moved upward and we’ll continue to do so in that segment.
Duke Austin: I mean, I think we’re right in the middle of that in front of it. In fact, we see unique opportunities there it’s early. But there is some blending going on. We’re seeing some – one of our partners in Canada, I saw an announcement yesterday on some hydrogen blending there around buses and other things that are out there. So you’re starting to see that as a fuel source. You’ll continue – I believe, continue to see that as part of the solution on the transition and we’re right in front of that. So I like what we said.
Duke Austin: It’s difficult for us to say exactly what the way we see that working out, because couple things, one is we want to participate on the larger scale, high voltage charging – larger scale charging station. So to say what that number is, I’m not – I’d be remiss at this point. It’s not – it will drive the business, it’s not something that is a billion dollar type number. I don’t believe. So we’ll see. That said, what’s behind it on the grid is, I believe, probably one of the bigger drivers that we’ll ever see and will ultimately change the security and almost rebuild it in many ways on the distribution networks. As well as when you start moving back and load the distribution networks, you’re also loading back on your transmission throughout. So, I do believe that incremental fact is what we see more so. But we’ll take advantage of our partnerships with the OEMs as well as the batteries, the way we can scale and our program on expense and capture as much of that spend as we can, but it does set us up to do other things as well the size charging in a programmatic way, which we like a lot.
Duke Austin: We paced the backlog. I mean, it’s up quarter-over-quarter. It continues to look better. The markets are better. We’ve been prudent about how we – how we’ve taken backlog and what kind of backlog we have on a go-forward basis due to the fact that. When we started, we got some larger projects that obviously weighed down a bit and we’ve said it before, I’ll say it again, we need to get ourselves upwards in some margins to double-digit margins at parity with the electric segment, and we can and will. So that said, we’ll take advantage of those opportunities in the cities that we’re dense in as well as some of the wireless capabilities that we have now and obviously, our investment in Star and that technology, we’re excited about and how we look at that in a programmatic way.
Duke Austin: I like to add a little bit to you. We’re on-boarding quite a few people, and I do think your on-boarding and also re-sequencing some work. It certainly just a bit, but we don’t see that on a go-forward basis and have ourselves set up nicely for the rest of the year.
Duke Austin: I mean, we’re up 9,000 year-over-year employees. So, I do think we have the ability to scale that significantly with the colleges with what we’ve done and what we’ve invested in cross-skill labor, which is the core of this business. It really allows us to not only train, but getting the fill faster and we like a tight labor market in many ways. It separates us for the investments that we do put into our safety and our training, so I like it. We’re in good shape. And I do think we can grow with the markets as we see them and work with our clients on our capital spends.
Duke Austin: I think when you look at the pandemic, the war, the – everything that you hear and maybe you’ve heard and you see where we’re at in results and how we’re moving forward and reiterating guidance on Blattner as well as the company. We sit in the very forefront of the synergy transition. Blattner made us better and it allows us to have a different conversation around the transition on a go-forward basis for many, many years to come. I think they made us better to culturally, they’re very much – you could take a mirror and look and you would see Quanta on the balance of plant renewable solar it’s megawatts, gigawatts and I say dialogue with their clients, flexibility, scale, everything you’d want and our ability to think differently and differentiate in markets that are, in many ways, hype from supply chain as well as regulatory effects. We can certainly be flexible. So that’s a different discussion. It’s something that we can provide to the client that separates Quanta even better than we were before.
Duke Austin: And it usually runs 3% to 5%, so I would say the upper end of that at this point, you’re seeing 5% type increases across the board, some more in certain areas, but that’s relatively below what we see and what we plan for as well. And I do think when we look at it, that’s in many ways for us to see that – to see it coming a long time ago and allows a different conversation. We do have resources, Canadian resources and other ways that we can look at labor. So how we go about it, how we think the work and work plans will matter on a go forward basis. It separates Quanta, our ability in the field to think differently and differentiate in these markets are something that we like.
Duke Austin: No, I think the difference is, I’ve said this before, is we’re doing in 30, 40, 50 type projects, utility scale type projects on a given day. So where we couldn’t really think of if we have a certain amount of customers that we work with, we can certainly broaden our customer base out and provide the same type of service that we have to our other customers. And the inbound calls are certainly exponential without – if we had any gap. So we feel good about the guidance. We feel good about where we’re at. We have the ability to get to win solar battery or largely that segment is made up of much more than just wind, solar, battery and we have long-haul transmission interconnections, all kinds of things. And as a portfolio, we continue to believe we’re in a really good spot for this transition, and it has not impacted Blattner or Quanta at this point.
Duke Austin: Yes. So the balance you’re making reference to is the 10-Q disclosure, which includes more than just the changeovers associated with these projects. That’s an aggregate disclosure. That number is going to grow a little bit, it exceed $400 million at this stage in the game as an aggregate disclosure. I made reference to the specifics of these – unique to these two projects being about the four to five day impact to DSO. So it is the majority of those balances, but it is not all of those balances. And then I’ll tell you that we do believe that one of the positions is something that we’ll be looking to build. That project is as reach substantial completion, we’ll be looking to bill and settle that within 2022, the other project will actually continue on into 2023 and even 2024 of that. So I think that you’ll see some of that cash flow drift into there. Relative to the overall cash flow guidance for the year, the one that we – as I commented to that we look to be building this year that is included as part of the 2022 cash flow guidance.
Duke Austin: I can, but I’m not. And so one thing about that, what I would say is, your LNTPs like your limited notice to proceed. I think we’re stacking the LNTPs a bit too on a go forward basis, because of the unknowns in many areas of commodities [indiscernible] so I do believe your backlog will be always be a little bit lumpier, but you’re seeing exponential. So our exponential negotiation verbal awards in LNTPs is much larger than it’s been over many years. So you will see that come in and if it doesn’t go in 2022, it’s going to go in 2023, 2024. So it’s just building in many ways. And we still reiterate 2022 – reiterate guidance. We took that further approach to start with, our dialogues with the customers is fantastic. How we’re working with supply chains, how we’re working with them on sequencing variability, our ability to move and scale, I think is there. And it’s more about how do we do all the work in 2023 and 2024 more so than learn about 2022 at this point. That’s the way we see it.
Duke Austin: Steve, primarily talking about panels. So there’s a lot of different things you can do around balance of plant besides panels. So some of them is re-sequencing, some of it’s moving, when some of it’s repowering, there’s many things – someones moving into T&D. We can do all kinds of different aspects of these transitions within the energy space and even in the renewable segment. So our concerns, we work – is to work with the client to make sure anything that gets pushed into 2022, 2023, we have the ability to deliver. And that’s the bigger concern is making sure that we have that capacity, as well as what’s ongoing in 2022, we felt comfortable when we gave guidance. It was down a bit from the three plus that had been done with Blattner. We said that from the start, we felt like the supply chain would push a bit on it and it did. So that said, it’s reiterated. We believe we have every ability to work through the supply chain aspects, as well as the tariff. And every day, the tariff gets a little bit clearer. And I do think that it’s short term, because of the way that the memos are coming out. The things that we see are incrementally positive around crystal ones and things of that nature. I don’t want to get into weeds on it, but I do believe that it’s better. And you can’t get to where you want to go in this transition without clearing these things up for the developer for ultimately the utility customer, which in many ways, your energy, your geopolitics around energy, your renewable certainly is a piece of that that would clear some of that up.
Duke Austin: I think we’re working with the client on their – the way that they view carbon-free, the way that they’re transitioning to a cleaner fuels and how we’re going to use pipe through LNG, all those kind of different aspects of it. So we’re working with them quite a bit on what I would consider their profiles around the carbon environment. So you will see carbon frustration. You’ll see hydrogen blending. You’ll see LNG pipe. We’ve said it all along, we’ll be around the edges on that. Our Canadian business is going well today. I do think Lower 48 has some what I would consider opportunities, and we’ll stay on the front side of that. But the portfolio itself, our LDC business, our industrial business, the way that we’re moving what I would consider typical gas type resources over indel. Later is certainly something that we’re doing and doing it well. So we’re pleased.
Duke Austin: When you look at EV charging, either from the OEM or from the charters theirselves as a business, it’s certainly early. And I do think you’re starting to see battery manufacturing, you’re starting to see your OEMs move all towards batteries and probably, in my mind, much quicker than anyone anticipated. That said, the charging stations or high-voltage charging stations need to go quicker. And as you start to move into bigger vehicles, such as your trucks, your heavy-duty trucks, we’ve signed a partnership with GM to the west on battery Silverados. We’ve done a lot of things internally. So we’re very close to the OEMs on what they’re doing and believe that charging is here. It’s coming quicker than thought and our ability to work with the utilities on how we build out that infrastructure is something that we sit right on the front of, and I do believe it provides significant opportunity not only for the charging station itself, but also on the backside of your grid and which is even what I’ve said before, exponential in nature. So the opportunities there, how we – they are smaller projects, so you couldn’t go do a one-off project in every city, it doesn’t make sense. So you need a program to really for us to really scale it. And I do think those programs are large in nature and where we have density around the country, we’re able to do these smaller type projects with the underground groups that we have. So lots of that makes sense for us, and we’ll take advantage of those markets.
Duke Austin: I don’t think when you see those projects, it’s more cash drags than anything. It’s just cash flows. And obviously, Canada is lower than the – we took a prudent approach to it because we need to execute the contingencies, but that said, I mean, it’s Canada’s down from Lower 48 a bit. When you look at the margin profile, so it’s always been that way. It’s not something that’s new.
Duke Austin: Yes, I want to thank Derrick for really standing by me as a partnership for the last six years as CFO, and it will be bounty in his new role. So I’m looking forward to working with Jayshree’s exceptional and she’ll do a great job as CFO and as a team. We have a solid management team. The men and women in the field and what they’re doing on a daily basis and they Quanta. So we’re excited about it. We’re excited where we’re going. We appreciate what they do, and I want to thank you all for participating in our conference call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, the first quarter, I mean, we’ve anticipated, we were going to see an uptake, right? I mean, the biggest portion of pressure and underground over the last few years has been a COVID related in the industrial portion of it. As we came into 22, we anticipated, we were going to be largely past that. You’re seeing that typically the underground – all of our segments typically have lower margins in the first quarter and most specifically in the underground group, but combination of coming on the other side of that industrial at a nice quarter. And then we did do some larger pipeline work as well, contributing. Good strong performance. When we think about the margins there, we’re continuing to feel comfortable. We can see that up in the 7% range for 2022. And our longer term continue to see improve in our minds more towards that further upper single digit.
Derrick Jensen: Against to year-end, backlog is relatively flat. It’s about $1.2 billion, but it’s continued to grow throughout from a year ago into today for certain.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, Jamie. So, we had anticipated to have a lower margin than the electric power in this quarter, right? And when we talked about being around 10% in our original guidance, came in about that 9.5% overall. That is largely influenced by the Canadian work. The U.S. margins were effectively double-digit. Telecom did quite well, although that’s slightly dilutive overall, but still well. But it’s just that COVID dynamic that we leaned into in those two projects. We’re trying to take a conservative approach. We feel like we have every reason to solve, we have recoverability there, but the Canadian weather type dynamic is press it. You saw Canada in kind of almost a clearly a low single-digit even breakeven type dynamic associated with those two projects, but are largely driven by those two projects. But that’s quarterly only. It doesn’t relate to any about the overall profitability for the year. Continue to quite confident in our ability to execute to the risk of electric power through the year, giving us confidence that actually, like you said, to reiterate the overall margin guidance for electric power. Underground, we had commented implicitly that we thought that coming out of a COVID environment, that the underground group would be able to be back into a margin profile closer to that 7% type range for the year. And it’s really that lower first quarter dynamic that we’ve always seen in the underground associated with the seasonality. But that second, third and fourth quarter continues to see the ability to have that higher margin profile averaging against it, getting it into that annual margin perspective. Industrial was a nice contributor to the first quarter, but honestly, across the board, we saw solid margins for the first quarter for the remainder of the group as well.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, Duke. I would say on the Canadian projects, when we think about it, longstanding customers on both projects, we’re working with them. Many of the things that were anticipated at the start, such as your pandemics. The way that we build, the way that they building milestones, all those different things, the pandemics certainly impacted those things as well. So we’re working with the client now on cash flows and things of that nature. We do not see any issues with that and we’ll continue to collaborate there to get paid and ultimately, I believe both will be good projects.
Derrick Jensen: Yes, which is just the broader aspect of what we see from a Canada perspective versus what’s happening unique gross margin in those projects the projects put a little bit of margin pressure in this quarter because we dealt with some conservatism relative to the new COVID impact, but the projects themselves are profitable and nice projects.
