Earl Austin: Thank you. Good morning. We're seeing what we thought would happen with the solar supply chain slashing in general, I think we are operating through those issues, and we had six months really where the industry stopped. And as we move forward, we thought there would be cadence to the segment to solar in general. That cadence is playing out like we thought. We're certainly increasing guidance due to some of that. And I think as you go through '23 and you operate through '24, you'll get a more balanced quarter-over-quarter type margin profile, but the margin pickups and the opportunities that we see on the other side of the year -- second half of the year into '24, '25 and beyond are certainly what we thought are greater.
Earl Austin: No. We're still negotiating a third contract there on the wind side of the business. So that will be -- we believe we'll have that finished up here in the second half of the year, third quarter, fourth quarter, somewhere in there.
Earl Austin: Yes, Mike, good question. When we look at regulation and you look at the -- what's going on at the consumer level, when you rebate EVs, the way we're rebating and then the grid itself at the distribution level certainly needs a rebuild, a significant modernization. So that needs to get started now, not when the consumer is getting his car and bringing it to the home, and they have no way to power their vehicle or it's inter-minute power. So I think as an industry, we've always been in front of what we anticipate. In those levels, we have to get in front of that. So at a federal level and state level, the collaboration with -- along with utility customer is necessary and where you have states that are worried on the bill and the capital at the consumer level, which we are as well, and you have federal pushing the other direction. We've just got to get a better mechanism to make sure that we can service what's coming at us. I think when you listen to the car manufacturers, when you listen to anything that we've been talking about, we thought that generation would double, we're here in triple now. There's no question it's moving forward. If it's double, if it's triple and you're also decreasing the decarbonization of coal and gas with renewables, the impacts for interconnections for transmission, the rebuilds that are necessary are monumental and the necessary capital to go into the grid, although when you look -- when you go forward and you try to net present value, total cost of energy, I think it's the right answer. It's just we have to get started with the capital plans and they're greater than you may anticipate or anyone may anticipate as you move forward. So it's just trying to put people in front of that and make sure the industry is collaborating. When we look at our clients even with inflation, even with everything that's going on, the capital is moving up. It's just the pace of where we need to be five years from now. It's not a matter of tomorrow. It's a matter of three years from now, five years from now in the industry itself is certainly I'm talking about the need for transmission and also the modernization of distribution systems.
Earl Austin: I think when you look at transmission, certainly, it's necessary if your fuel switching and then where the load is going from data centers, AI to just about everything, you're seeing load growth now in the industry across the board, you've got 110-degree heat. You had a low, what I would consider a mild winter, first quarter was pretty mild for the industry. But July into August, you're 100 plus in many areas. It just -- those impacts to the way capital is spent and where it's necessary to spend. You start moving up deviations of temperatures on this grid from a planning standpoint, it's exponential of load.
Earl Austin: Yes, Steve, I think when you look at the quarter, we added from around 3,000 employees. We normally add about a 1,000. So when you start thinking through that, it does pressure where the company is capable of training, doing all the things that we need to do, the investments are already made. It's just pressure, there's four or five things that we could call out that's pressuring inflation, and you can call out whether we can make all kinds of excuses about it. Really, we can operate much better in Canada than we have been operating. The transition is a little bit behind in Canada, where we can operate Canada at normalized margins. We've been through the pandemic there. We've made different levels of, I would say, balance from G&A to training, to indirect and all those kind of things in Canada. As we move out of '23 into '24, you'll get into more normalized Canadian execution, and I think you'll see much better results that we can absorb just about anything. The portfolio that we put together in the segments, which should allow us to train, to put people in place for the foreseeable future. And still even in outward growth years, produce the type of margins that we produced in the past. I see no reason why we can. And I do believe we can operate the renewable segment in double-digits. I'll stand by it.
Earl Austin: Yes, Steve. We're starting quite a few large transmission projects in the segment. We're also starting thousands of renewable-type utility scale solar win. So when we look at that and where we're at, the cadence itself, we thought it would be back end loaded. So the start to the jobs as we operate through those contingencies, I think you'll see a more normalized margin profile into '24. We have to operate in double-digits in the second half or you won't get to the numbers that you -- what you see. I do think there's opportunities all the way through for us, we took a prudent approach to it. We tried to hit it down the middle. That's what we've done here. And I do think there's opportunities into '24 to get on a more normalized cadence.
Earl Austin: When we look at the UI segment, we've said that we thought we could get scale through some regional offices through the portfolio. I think you're starting to see that show up in the segment. We did -- we've operated great. We've had good industrial performance in the first half of the year. When you get into the back half, we do see some -- we have some pipe awards that we were awarded. We have some good things going on. We don't need those things to make the numbers. So we do see opportunity but you also have the weather impacts. We're doing more electrical underground. And so that will shift some of our UI segment over in the Electric segment. Just the way the segment reporting works, but as far as the crews and what we're doing from the scalability, it should rise our returns on the company. It will rise returns on the company overall. And the segment is also doing nicely in our service lines.
Earl Austin: I always thought we would operate in upper single-digits, and I see expectation. We are prudent about how we got in the second half due to the weather and northern climbs and things of that nature. But I do think that overall segment can operate in that upper single-digit range. We are pushing -- you are getting absorptions throughout due to the fact that you're doing electric and gas and telecom and renewables out of the same offices, you're going to see some scale out of that. And those margins are going to rise a bit, and that's what you're seeing show up.
Earl Austin: LUMA is performing as expected, there are some investments that we have in other businesses there that are off on the first half. We expect those to pick up in the '23 and into '24. But Jayshree, you can comment.
Earl Austin: No. I mean we said our Industrial business performed really well in the quarter as well. So that certainly was strength in the quarter. And I do think when you start to look out, you do not have great visibility in the fourth quarter in the Industrial business. So that said, the prudent guidance would be to pull it down a bit in the fourth quarter. And that's kind of what you're seeing show up.
Earl Austin: Yes. M&A, we have a strategy. We have a five-year strategy to provide solutions to our customers. We see opportunities across the board really to add-on, bolt-on, provide solutions, do some things that we talked about our front-end services. There's no shortage of opportunities out there. We're picky about how we go about it, and we'll follow the strategy. We're watching our cash generation. We're making sure we can absorb what we have, and we'll be prudent about how we go forward. And anything that we're doing is following the five-year plan, the strategy we laid out to our investors and we're ahead of those plans significantly. And I feel like the company is in a great position to provide those solutions that are necessary to keep the company moving forward at the pace that we've seen in the past. And we have good visibility into the next decade. And we're known for execution. We have to keep executing in the field, while looking at the strategy to add on and deploy capital in the proper manner for our stakeholders.
Earl Austin: I think when you look at our guidance at the EPS level, which is what we're measured upon, we're ahead of the 10% guide now on a growth basis this year, relatively 13% or better. So when I think about it, we're already doing that as we sit here today. And I do think we set all levers of the balance sheet, the opportunities that we see going forward. We'll continue to, we hear a lot of big numbers and those kind of things. We're executing at the local level. We're executing across the strategy and doing the things we need to do to drive EPS. And it's not just the top line, it's the quality of earnings. We're constantly talking about quality of earnings. If you look at our returns on return on invested capital and all of our returns, they are moving in the right direction as we go forward.
Earl Austin: Yes. We see opportunities there across the board on hydrogen and also carbon sequestration. We do see that market as being a nice market. The blinds are usually smaller that they run longer, but they're smaller on that type of builds. But we're in constant discussions with the operators as well as the end users of hydrogen and also carbon the way we're looking at it. So I do think you'll see some of those lines move forward in '24, be some opportunities for us. The bill, the RA certainly provides economic benefit on both sides of that. And I do think that will help the market as well. So we are seeing opportunities in that area and staying in front of it. We've had some nice pipe awards. So we're happy with the business. We certainly said we would be able to handle those type of things and we can, and we are. So I think it's opportunities for us. It's not the main stay of the business, but we certainly like it.
Earl Austin: I mean you see it in the West, the fire hardening that's going on and the fires out West from an insurability and what the punitive nature of a fire is to utility at this point, you have no choice but to start undergrounding. And I think you've seen that in the West. We're in early stages of that. It will continue on. It's decades of type reconstruction, but many of the lines that are out there in fire prone areas will go underground. They're not -- the insurance rates, things of that nature make it economical to underground, which you would have never said that a decade ago. And today, it's the only way. So I do believe you'll see the prevalent underground transmission in the corridors that we are. You have large wire constraints when you start looking at the larger transmission, the wire in Europe and things of that nature, that supply chain is tight. I do believe when you move forward some of those bigger projects that are undergrounding transmission will come about. We're certainly around the edges on those. But I mean, the mainstay work is overhead, long haul will still be in the air. Where in the fire prone areas, you'll see some underground.
Earl Austin: Yes. I don't look at it. We don't look at it like that from our standpoint. It's really utilizations. The utilizations are great on all segments. You'll see bigger work. If you want to talk about a project, it will be more in your Renewables at this point. Your bigger programs, your multi-year programs will be more in Electric. It's just the deployment of capital, same crews, same people, cross and segments. So we're cognizant of that. The utilizations on both sides will be at high levels. What I will say is the company itself, no matter what segment you're in, the project starts are significant, and the cadence will start to stack versus just being a starting -- on the starting line. And right now, we're kind of in the early stages of a lot of large projects and programs. So those early stages will as you move in out of '23 into '24, into '25, you'll start to stack on top of that, and you'll get a normalized cadence where you'll see it as we operate through them contingencies move out, things of that nature as long as we execute like we have the last 25 years. We'll be in good shape, and we'll see those contingencies flow into future earnings.
Earl Austin: We recruit just internally across the Board, Northwest certainly is our some -- there's a lot of curriculum work, a lot of work that's necessary to be able to scale. It's one thing to add -- it's another thing to add 3,000 every quarter or 1,000 every quarter. And also while we're not totally pleased with the Electric margins, it's down 25 basis points or whatever it is on the guide. There's opportunities to operate at the same level we thought. That said, it's not as easy as we make it sound. They are certainly contributing to our ability to put the people in the field and execute very quickly and as we get absorption and things of that nature, that's only -- will only scale. And I do think we've invested in those colleges. We've invested in those curriculums, and we're not having issues with cross-skilled labor or front-end engineering. Could we use more? Yes. But we're able to meet the demands and the foreseeable demands on any type of curve we're looking at. We hope that supply chain catches up with us.
Earl Austin: Thanks, Jamie. I figured I'd get '24 guidance. So I think when we look at it, of course. '24, you have some seasonality in the numbers and the run rate. I do think we talked about double-digit type growth at the EPS line. I don't see no reason why we won't continue those kind of numbers. Can it get outward, yes. We're not ready to guide to that. We see a great market. We're starting on great markets. I agree with you. We're stacking it certainly bodes well for us going into next year. When we look at the projects, the larger projects have been through that before with CREZ and other things in the company. We're highly focused on the customer and the customer level, the baseload work, we're still at a baseload work of 80-plus percent. That hasn't changed. I don't think it will. We will get large projects as we move forward. We are in negotiations constantly around programs and projects. You have to think about some of them being multi-year, five years in nature. Some of them are short nature. So it's just different type of projects. The company itself is focused on execution on those projects. I see both sides of it, I think we're seeing more material content within our EPC business. So just different things that the company is capitalizing on. So when you look at a return basis, our returns go better if we're able to sort of the material content as well. So lots of things going our way on that. And I think it's a competitive advantage for us moving forward as we start to be a large purchaser of material. So I like it. I like what we're doing. I think it will only enhance -- the larger products will only enhance the business and the base business as well as how we provide that solution to the client.
Earl Austin: Good question. We see a good market in Canada. We have some awards already that we anticipate starting on by the end of the year. We have some great clients partnering in Puerto Rico. So -- and a lot of customers in Canada, we are able to move resources, engineering capacity. Some of the things that we do in Canada over in the Lower 48. I wish it was easier. I wish the border was easier. It would certainly help us from a skillset standpoint. But that said, the company has done a nice job moving resources and doing some things in Canada. In general, when I look and step back at it, COVID played a big impact much more than we had here in the Lower 48, and we forget about it a lot. And we think, oh, well, it was nothing. It was significant. And we were in camps, we were doing some things there that were different. If we don't see the market will downsize the market, but we do see that -- what we see right now is the transition happening there as well. We're seeing more -- we're seeing wind, solar, some hydro different things in Canada to decarbonize as well. We're right in the middle of those things. It's just a little bit behind the Lower 48. And as we catch up, I think you'll see more normalized margins in Canada and a great market.
Earl Austin: I think we can continue to grow the business in the Renewable segment. We said it when we purchased Blattner kind of the cadence of that, and you're coming off of a year where the outward, what I think pullback was primarily due to the solar panel discussions. And when that cleaned up, there was pent-up demand, but I also see a great future in a future market. You're going to see quite a bit of wind repowering coming up as well as wind projects. And I don't even think you're seeing that yet. And when you start to see the programmatic spends of the wind repower on that as well, the company is positioned nicely for those things, and we'll take advantage of that. That was what led us to the Blattner acquisition, and I think that strategy is playing out. And we see decades of renewable switching, you have load growth as well that will go towards a renewable state. So as you see load growth double and you start to say, okay, well, how much the carbon are we going to take out of the system, while you're getting the load growth, it's significant. EV penetration, all those things are starting to hit the electrification of everything. And then you have the security issue of North America where you're onshoring. All these things are happening at once, and I see really, really good markets for a long time. Can you have some blips in the radar, of course, but on a CAGR basis over time, we like what we see, and we'll continue to execute in the field, which is our main concern is to make sure that we execute, build projects on time, on budget that are at cost that's what we feel economic to the consumer.
Earl Austin: I think energy storage can certainly benefit and we're seeing quite a bit, I would say, we've probably doubled in size in take it plus or minus 10, but we're seeing quite a bit of storage projects. We'll continue to see that to the west. And we see it all over, honestly. It's something from a utility skill standpoint that's necessary with the markets there. We're participating in it, albeit we -- it was a low piece of the business. So don't take that the wrong way. It definitely is growing. We were in front of it. We're doing nicely in the storage business. I do think it can help. It can help alleviate some transmission. But it's not -- batteries will continue to get better as you move forward. The storage capacity will get better. We're not there yet. It will be a small piece of the business for a foreseeable future, but growing. So like the business, like it, it fits nicely with our solar win. We're looking for ways to even get more efficient in batteries. So as we see that, the transmission as well, it can't alleviate a bit, but not to the point where you would see any kind of downturn in transmission at this point.
Earl Austin: I think, Sean, it's just a great example of what we've tried to say for a long period of time that we're able to scale the business. And a lot of people can talk about it and a lot of people can talk about scaling it. I want to see somebody at 3,000 and put the projects in there and execute at the levels we're executing. So I think we put the infrastructure in place to be able to do this, not one quarter, but over time, and it surprised me a bit from a seasonality standpoint, we added quite a bit in Renewable segment. And their ability to scale their business to these utility scale projects as many reasons why we acquired Blattner and we have the resources that we have internally. I just can't say enough about what we do from an execution level in the field every day to put the numbers up we put up. And they're just doing a really, really nice job. And we have great curriculum, great people. We'll continue to build upon what we have. It's exponential the way I see it in the curriculum and the things that we're doing from technology and training and things of that nature. We're certainly in the forefront. I look forward to us continuing down the path that we're on.
Earl Austin: I think when you look at it, we talked about kind of a 10% de-risk at the bottom on a CAGR basis and then all levers of the balance sheet, the megatrends that we see, you'll have some 15% outer years as you make acquisitions as you do other things or use your balance sheet with free cash. So those things are there when you look outward, if you take those things into account, if we invest the same way we've invested our capital in the past, I like our chances on the upper ends on the outward looks. But when you look at just organically, the business the way it sits in the queues and things of that nature, yes, there's tightening of your queues. Your transformers are 24, 36 months out on your HVDC. So if you have a project today and you're talking about it and you haven't ordered your transformers to have a spot, you're 24, 36 months out. I don't think it affects our clients, the clients that we work for. You're bigger clients already have transformers or have slots. So there's no real issue for them. But others that are looking for projects, it's not just, hey, I need in the queue. It's -- hey, I need in the queue, but I have my transformer capacity. I have my lines, I have the things that are necessary there. So that planning and things of that nature is a piece of it. I do think you're getting some clarity of regulation. I think the federal government, FERC and the states and the utility business, everyone is trying to collaborate here, more so than I've seen in my career. But I'll say this. It's necessary for us to do this as a group. And we need to collaborate as a group here for the next decade and beyond.
Earl Austin: Yes. I'll say a little bit. We're acquiring more materials and things of that nature, Alex, so it's helping us a bit on some of those projects from a DSO standpoint, but I think that's the bigger piece of what you see from a term standpoint. We need to be able to order outward and you've seen some inventories. Our inventories move up a little bit here or there on some of those things. But that said, I think that's the better terms. And Jayshree, you can comment on the DSOs.
Earl Austin: Thank you. We want to thank the 52,000-plus employees of Quanta for their commitment to safe execution. It does not go un-noticed that you're working in a 100-plus degree heat every day. Thank you. And I want to thank all the participating people in our conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
