Earl Austin: Thanks, Jamie. Welcome back. I'll take the margin question. I think from our standpoint, when we look at the segment -- renewables segment, we had some series of projects there that -- a series of work, call it, 5% of the portfolio on the solar/wind side. They just didn't perform, didn't execute to where we should have executed that and what we expect from ourselves and what our customers expect. So yes -- look, it's a small piece. We grew the business, I can make tons of excuses, I am not. We own it. We didn't execute like we should. And the rest of the portfolio really is -- the majority -- the vast majority of the jobs, of the projects, of everything we're doing there is exceeding our expectations. We expect that to continue.  Growth creates some inefficiencies, and we've showed up. So we got to fix it. And it's not something that -- it's later stage in the projects. And so I'm not concerned. It's just part of it in the first quarter, seasonality and everything else, a little bit of noise shows up. But all in all, I think the segment is performing nicely.  What we see in the future looks great. The backlog is certainly accelerating in the renewables segment. So we're excited about what we see going forward. We are executing for how many people we put in the field and what we've added to this segment. I feel real good about it. We do invest in growth. It has some inefficiencies as you move forward and showed up. So I think all in all, we like what we see.  As far as data centers I think the macro demand of electricity is obviously moving up. At any time you have demand, it's great for the business, it's great for our customers. It -- if you go back, you roll it back, call it, 9 months ago, we needed some data center demand, but nothing like we saw show up in January, February, March. It caught me off guard a little bit to see the amount. You're talking one customer is talking 100 gigs. So when you start talking about one customer with 100 gigs, it's just -- it's mind-blowing, in my mind, to think about the amount of electricity necessary and primarily winning renewables.  So both sides of the business, both T&D and our renewable business, stand to gain quite a bit and our customers as well. But it's not easy from a rate base. It's not easy to deal with those kind of things showing up at your doorstep when you're trying to plan for 30 years and you build out a huge power plant, and it's gone in one day.  So I think from our -- the planning piece of the business is difficult. It is certainly showing up, it's certainly pressing us, our customers, everyone to plan better and to think longer term. We're trying to put a 4-decade, 3-decade-type build in 90-day windows. It doesn't work. It's a very long-term build here. I think the company is set right in the middle of it. I like where we sit from the ancillary piece of data centers. I like -- we're talking to hyperscalers. We're talking to all of them about how we can help benefit and collaborate with our clients and then to get power sources. And certainly in demand, it's a unique time. It's exciting. We're excited about it. We're excited to work with our clients, and they expect a lot of us. We just -- we need to deliver and execute. 
Earl Austin: Sure. So a little bit, I think this is something we've talked about the portfolio and combining electric power and renewables together, and so I want to go through that a little bit.  If you look at the electric business, which is transmission, substation and distribution and you look across the segments, so the segments are delineated today, which is causing some -- when you print the numbers, it doesn't look like what the business is from those 3 things. So an electric work type, it's up over 5% in the quarter. That's because pieces of the business is over in renewable segment, and pieces of it are in the electric segment.  But the business itself together is up 5.3%. So it's just the way the segments look. You've got to combine them. It's got to look like a portfolio. The delineations are causing some number print. It doesn't look like with where the business is at. So I wanted to explain work type, which is electric, substation, distribution and transmission are up 5.3% in the quarter. And our backlog is almost flat.  Yes, I think the backlog of the business and what we see is timing, there's MSA timing. It's early. It's the first quarter. We fully expect to be at record levels. The bigger projects, the renewal prices are complicated. It takes a long time to negotiate. We're not going to press negotiations against a 90-day print. It just doesn't make sense for us.  So we'll be patient. We're not concerned. We see an outstanding -- we were just talking about load growth. Any time you got more load, you got more business. It's simple when you think about it. So more demand, more business. We see more demand than we've ever seen. And so I just -- I feel good about it.  As far as margins, the electric print, we operated great, even a little down. So we've always said that you can operate in double digits. It doesn't matter what the revenue is. That's what we're really trying to drive is the EPS and those margins. So in that -- in the segment, I thought we had a nice -- performed well in this segment. And liked where we're going. I think there is opportunity. We -- it's early. We're not going to change guidance in 90 days. So it looks good. We have lots of opportunity. I would say we have more upside than we do downside on a go-forward basis in the segment. 
Earl Austin: I think the back half of '24, your distribution business starts to become increasingly -- I would say, you'd start booking more work, you start to see your MSAs, your crude counts move up again. There is some shift in the transmission versus distribution in certain areas, the Southeast and places where -- what's happening is you're seeing the data centers show up, you're seeing the demand show up on the transmission side. And you've already got your capital out if your utility customers -- so you have to build the transmission and you're going to pull capital off the distribution systems a bit and move it into the transmission systems.  It's fine that was -- that's why we're diversified. That's why the company sits where it sits. We're able to be nimble and move. It's not an issue, but it does show up. And your MSA work on the distribution side is softer than normal. And that's -- we talked about that in the fourth quarter where we're working 40, 50 hours versus 70. I think that's still the case. I do believe as you move into the later part of the year, you're going to start seeing us work more -- I'm not inclined to say more 60-, 70-hour weeks.  And our head count is still almost 54,000, which is up 4,000 year-over-year. I feel highly confident that as EV starts to penetrate to the West, that's moving up already. And the EV kind of moves across, there's -- we've got to build infrastructure. And certainly, we see it showing up in certain areas. 
Earl Austin: We acquired Sherman+Reilly, which was blocks and pullers. If you're in the business, you're in the craft, you grew up with Sherman+Reilly as part of the ecosystem, it's been in business since 1927. It's something that I think from our standpoint, our people in the field, they deserve the product that's safe, the training that they have, what they do with the pullers and tensioners and the things that they have, the R&Ds they put into it, coupled with what we're trying to accomplish. It was compelling for us. There's a lot of wire talk about being pulled. There's new conductors out. There's lots of technology that we believe we can bring to market here.  And lastly, concerned with the capacity. We're always concerned with supply chain capacity. It was -- it's something that I believe is very specialized, it needs to be safe. We need to protect our people a bit, make sure it's in good hands and a lot of our clients use the pullers as well and our internal resources. It's certainly something that we value and really proud to have that piece of business.  As far as the divestiture, the divestiture is basically an oil and gas legacy business we've had since 2015 or before, and certainly something that we've looked at for a long time to say this is not something that we're going to invest in. It's better off in other people's hands. It's international. The company has made the decision not to go into international -- not to go international at this point. So it's something that need to be divested and someone it will do great. The management team is fantastic. The new owners will be happy with the business. 
Earl Austin: No, SunZia is doing great. We're doing well. I think the team had a great plan. We put it together. All I see is good things coming out of that. We're progressing nicely. No issues on [ permanent ]. I don't think there would be, but there's no issues there.  Did the long line. It could be noisy here or there, but I've not seen anything on that but really good production. Safety is great. Working hand in hand with the client. So I continue to like that project. We're early in opportunities to release contingencies as we go through it. So I really believe that it's going to be a nice one, actually, wish I was running it. So it's a [ long one ]. 
Earl Austin: Yes. Again, it's more utilization and returns for us when you start looking at pricing. When we think about it, we need to execute. We need to execute double-digit platforms that we've talked about over time. And I think it's more of that than it is some kind of pricing pressure. But I do think what we see it's so unique and tech really, really wants it now, they got money, they want to pay for it. It's just regulatory, the -- how do you set rates that are fair for everyone else. And it's starting to get -- you can see, it's starting to get figured out across the country of how to accommodate loads that we're seeing. But it's not going to happen overnight. If you want renewable resources as well, it's another complication when you start to talk about it. We were already fuel switching. Now we're fuel switching and doubling loads in 90 days, it seems like. But in general, I would say that load is real. It's coming and people are paying for it. It creates demand across renewables and our electric segment. We need a robust grid, the cheapest one in generation is transmission, it always will be. So I like where we sit in. We can help. We -- certainly, we talk about a solution-based approach. If there's ever been a solution-based approach that it's going to work, it will be within this because it's complicated on how to get renewables to load sources. And you're seeing power plants, nuclear power plants get bought really with the whole power plant going towards data centers. So I never thought we would see that in my lifetime, and now we're seeing it show up. And I just -- it's creating some unique circumstances across the country. And it's not only in Virginia. It's across every single customer we have that 3 megs, 4 megs show up. And it's tomorrow. They want tomorrow and they want it in a renewable state. So I like where we sit. We can certainly help. We can certainly sit on both sides of that. And I like what we can accomplish. Just got to plan more, plan better both on distribution and on transmission and collaborate with the client. The better we serve the customer, the better the company will do. 
Earl Austin: It's incrementally helpful, especially out west. But still state policies, state regulations, PUCs, commissions, we've got to get around the fact that load is significantly higher. And we've got an investment grid. It's -- we're late already, we're behind, I believe. And so we need to catch up and we need to make sure that this transition doesn't -- it's like sitting on a track and the train come at you. You've got to invest in infrastructure. The more modern your infrastructure is, rates go down on an NPV basis when you look on a go-forward. So investment now pays off for the next generation. So you just have to invest in it. And I think that's the case today, and we need to keep going. 
Earl Austin: I mean I do think gas generation is going to play a role in that and to some degree here in this transition. They still want renewables. Data centers want renewables. You're going to have to balance the load. Values aren't coming fast enough -- so you're going to have to balance a little of natural gas. The problem I see is a lot of gas-fired is coming into play. If you talk about 1 gig, 2 gigs, 3 gigs, 4 gigs of gas-fired generation, you're still off 96 gigs. So you can't build enough generation -- enough renewable generation for what we see coming. So I do believe that you need to balance the load and it will help. Batteries are coming along. But I still -- if you try to build a piece of pipe in this country to feed the natural gas systems, therein lies the problem. I hear it -- I mean I see it, I see 10 12 gas-fired generation plants being proposed. I still don't know how we're going to get the piece of pipe to it to feed them. 
Earl Austin: And I do think the conviction is history. And the history of both companies, both segments, we've operated in double digits, we're well below that. Growth is pressing a bit. We went through the jobs. Most of -- when we talk about what we had -- some degradation of margins, the degradation, it's new people and new roles, and so some of that shows up. And we've got to do a better job making sure that we educate and train our field leadership at times. And so that said, we went through the projects. We feel good we're 50, 60 type -- renewable-type jobs that are out there today and they're bread-and-butter. So for us, we're looking at it, we're looking at backlog. We see a nice runway, decade runway here. So I really feel comfortable that we've invested in the right spots and that years intact, in fact, with opportunities still in it. And yes, we're not pleased with the quarter by any measures. And I can promise you the leadership in the field is not pleased. So we expect a lot out of ourselves. Our customers expect a lot out of us. And even in the good times, we're running it pretty hard. So we've made the necessary changes to make sure that not only that we perform at the double-digit-type level but also that we don't let it drag on or we don't -- it doesn't catch us by surprise or anything like that. We see it. And we saw this early. And we made some adjustments. We won't be able to operate [ contingencies ] on a few projects. And we're talking about 5% out of the whole thing and probably like, I don't know, I think it was like $15 million or something like that as maybe within the operations. So -- and have opportunities to do -- operate through at a very, very high level on the rest of them. So I feel really good about it. I feel good about the year and next year and the next and on and on. 
Earl Austin: I mean we had a great business prior to the AI coming in that we see fuel switching, we see EV penetration, we see renewables, fuel switching from coal. This is additive. And look, I -- you can't -- you're 24 months out, 36 months out today, if you say go. So no one is going to go, and that's why you're seeing exactly what you're seeing. Everyone is saying, why are we going to build this infrastructure, why are we going to build a generation unless someone guarantees the load. So yes, I agree with you. That's why every utility -- every customer we have is making sure that the other side -- the party on the other side is signing up for load growth that's sustainable to pay the investment or if not, the rate payer pays. I mean that's your dilemma. And I agree with you. That's why you're stalling again instead of going forward as fast as you can because everyone's got to get that right, including tech. 
Earl Austin: Yes. I mean look, we've reconductored my career. And the new high-density wires, they run hot. They work in certain areas. It's helpful. But what I would say is -- what makes it easier, better, you're still -- it's still a rebuild, basically. You're just in the corridors that exists today. So yes, we can. We can even do it in energized state. We're doing 250 miles now energized while the line is hot and reconducting, which is -- we're specializing in it, we're training in it. So it's certainly an advantage to the company. We've spent tons of R&D here. We like the conductor. We certainly have installed plenty of the other high-density conductor, and we like it. So I think in general, yes, it makes sense. Technology will be a piece of this. It will -- and I -- when you look at [ learning ] machines and you look at everything we see from a power demand, AI is a piece of it. But the onshoring, the chips, the Amazon centers that are fully electric, you can imagine all the things that are drawing load right now. And it's, in my mind -- we talked about data centers, I don't know, 4 years ago, and said it would be a big push. We had no idea that AI would come in as well. And I just think as you move forward, if you haven't used [ Autopilot ] or ChatGPT, try it, that ain't going anywhere. That's fantastic. I love it. It's great. I think the country is moving in that direction, and it's certainly demand there and the chips and everything else we do on any given day, even if you reduce power. It's kind of like appliances. We're going to get great things out of appliances what we did for about 3, 4, 5 years, and it helped us with load growth. You had negative load growth for a long time. You got positive load growth throughout the country for the most part, just in general. And so now when data shows up, it's more significant than anyone thought, myself included. 
Earl Austin: Alex, too, I would say the business itself we set out to change some of the cash flow profiles of the business. I think we've done a nice job from an internal-invested capital. When you look at the returns, the way we calculate them, certainly moving up in the business. Even when the margins are a little softer, the returns are fantastic. It's certainly generating -- in the first quarter, typically, what we've been talking about was free cash was bad. And we had growth in the business, we had growth in head count and free cash generation. So I really like where we sit. I know everyone is hesitant to say that the business has fundamentally changed, DSO has fundamentally changed. I think they have. I think it gives us more flexibility. We've always talked about the free cash and how we deploy it is something that we, as the team, have to make sure that we continue to deploy capital in the proper way that we have in the past to create the outcomes that we have in the past. So I think our ability to look at M&A, to look at buybacks, to look at everything that we do and be opportunistic, certainly, the free cash generation gives us more opportunity. 
Earl Austin: We even bought the environmental solutions, it's sitting in really nicely. We really like the synergies we're picking up there on the industrial side. In fact the business is performing well. Telecom had a nice quarter. We got parity to the electric segment a little better. I mean we also added some backlog there. I like the business long term. Certainly, data centers -- the other part of the data centers is you're still going to have to put fiber into -- when I say fiber, data center to data center. And they can't really say, I want to go to this hub or that hub at this point because they're everywhere. So you're going to start building on all fiber to feed it at some point. 
Earl Austin: Yes. I mean we talk to them all the time. I do think there's opportunities to help and collaborate with them. Look, our job, we support our clients and our clients are talking to them as well. So it's just a -- it's something that we balance between the grid, what their demands are, try to help on both sides of that. I do believe that as we move forward, as you see the company move forward, the demand of tech on the grid and how they deploy -- where they deploy it, where they build, what they build certainly want to be right in the middle of it. And we want to sit with them and understand what they're trying to accomplish. It allows us to facilitate it. So I -- look, it's something that the company -- we've talked to them a lot. Our PTT business, the transformer business is certainly something that they value a lot. They want the transformers. They want them now. So I think those things are -- bode well for us. And our ability to communicate and talk about power consumption with tech is something that we can help our clients with and ourselves. 
Earl Austin: I don't feel like it's slow. I feel like we're doing great. It's a little bouncy on the distribution system, as we said in the past. Like I said, we're up 5.3% on transmission, distribution and substations, if you look at still look at the delineations of the segments as a whole. So I feel like we're starting nicely. Our backlog is down in the UI on big pipe, which  is fine with me. If you take out big pipe and you add renewables and you add electric, you're up, your backlog is up. So yes, there's a lot of opportunities. The negotiations are taking longer in some cases. MSAs, you're looking at, you're trying to see how many people you have on the system today and the way we calculate it. But I continue to see our MSAs get renewed. There is some timing, there always will be. They're 5 years, 3 years, 2 years, and they cycle in and out. And you could be in year 4 of $2 billion MSA, that's going to renew for 5 years. When it renews, you [ got ] $2 billion in the backlog. So it just takes -- it gets a little lumpy in some of the MSA work, and it's going to continue that way. But the overarching business and the way that we stack on the larger projects, programs, build, when that stack starts, it just continues to move on. But the industry stalled a bit trying to make sure that the demand for data centers and the demand for what we're talking about is real. And that -- so it did stall a bit on some of these larger projects because they're not big enough. So what you're doing is go, uh-oh, I was going to build this. Now we've got to double the size of what we're trying to accomplish. And so yes, it's taken a little bit longer. And I do think the industry is going to have to think a little bigger and a little faster. 
Earl Austin: Yes. Mike, I think the company has done a nice job investing in craft certainly, which is what we're known for and core to us. I do think when you -- we saw some of it show up in the solar business in the quarter, where we had some growth and significant growth. And so it does, at times, that growth, you're investing in growth, you want to make sure that you can maintain the productivities and if you move geographies that you can maintain the type of productivities that we expect. And we expect high levels, and we've got to make sure we're looking back in the operations and helping make the young ones and the young people that are in the business go forward as far as -- and we are, and we have great programs and we get them to the field. And there's not -- replacing your footprints in the field with something on a piece of paper is a fallacy. It doesn't work. So that footprint in the field, the people that mentor our management teams are paramount. And so we work hard on that. We work hard on that execution, and it continues to get better and better. So as far as getting people in the business, look, we haven't had the problem yet from a standpoint of craft, and we've done a good job. I think the down -- kind of the slowdown in distribution allows us to take a breath and actually gain market share. So I like it. I like where we sit. And sometimes what I call hard 12 months, it makes -- you hone your skills. And I like it a little tough. It separates us. And I think we've done -- whatever is showing up today, we did 12 months ago. Whatever shows up next year, we did 12 months ago. So I think in general, our ability to look forward and see the business allows us to really invest in craft long term, in our people long term. And we're doing that, we're hiring people for the future now. We're skating where the puck is going. I like it. And so I think we have no issues in craft at this point, being able to hire, train, maintain. We just got to do it at the production levels we expect. 
Earl Austin: Yes. I mean, I think we've heard most of our customers -- I'll go backwards on that. Most of our customers maintain their capital guides and some increase. I still -- you got a backdrop of anything we're saying. You can look at the capital spend and what the customer is saying. I think honestly, you'll start to see them raise capital again, I don't see any way around it. I think capital is going up, not down over the next -- whenever they talk about their next 5 years, you can see capital plans go up, has to, to meet the demand. And so we're talking about getting more usage out of the grid. Even if you get more usage out grid, capital is going up. So I do think there's some things you can do from technology, but it's incidental compared to what you see from the demand side. So both of those things are going to happen. As far as distribution, I think it's just we kind of -- it's status quo, which we expected more growth out of it. And not all customers, I want to be clear on this, not all customers are going down on distribution. Some in the Southeast, a few here or there, to shift capital over into transmission. So in some areas, that's the case. Some areas, distributions the same or moving up. You got storm hardening, you got fire hardening, you got a hundred different things also going on. And the everyday grid depreciates every given day. Poles rot, things -- it's always been that way, and that's still ongoing with everything else that's going on. So the maintenance of the grid stays in place. And so that -- but the capital is required to maintain the capital required, the necessary infrastructure, electric vehicles. I mean, I think the pause and -- somewhat pause and delay a bit in the electric vehicle penetration, although it's penetrating nicely, it's certainly something that we're watching. And I think that -- we've always said that would be a 3, 4 decade-type penetration versus overnight. I mean it was not going to happen by 2030. We thought 2050, 2040. I mean, I think that's the case. And the distribution just a longer build, but it's much, much bigger even in transmission, just longer. And so I like them both. It's going to show up over time. It just because the company time -- it's technical. It gives the company time to rethink about those resources and how do we resource these things as they come about. 
Earl Austin: I mean, I think we see a lot of plans today on large-scale, hyperscale basis. And that loads got to go to them. And that planning process -- we do a lot of system planning. And that system planning process is probably robust today as it's ever been on the transmission load side of the business. We've got to get the distribution business a little better. And we've got to talk to the regulators and talk to them about what we're seeing and making sure that the consumer is not paying for the data center demand. So I think that's the bigger thing, the affordability. Natural gas is down, and it just kind of flat, so it's helping the consumer at the bill level.  And so that's a good thing. If natural gas stays down and we get some interest kind of where it's at or even less, it bodes well. And I think you'll see the capital plans and everyone get their head around. I'm looking at the calls as well. I mean everyone's got equity plans now. And if we didn't see that show up until this quarter, where you're starting to see people issue equity and debt against the bills that are coming. It's necessary, and we start to see that show up. And I think the business -- you can see where the planning is coming into place and how quickly things move against equity and data at the utility level. So we see a lot. We're excited about it. And I do believe it's not just something that -- you can't go, "oh, we're going to build this." And they're going to not  pay for it. I think this is real. I do. I think the demand is real. Even If it's half what everyone is saying, it's more than we're talking about now. So that's the bet of it. You hedge it down, and it's still huge. So I like it. And I think we're sitting in a really good spot here, and we're starting to see those investments show up. It will be like what we see today, a little better. But the 24-month planning cycle is ongoing. And utilities today are planning for the future. So I think every single quarter, you'll see the progression, and it just stacks. And we always thought that these bigger programs, these bigger things would stack on the business long term, and your base would continue to move up on kind of double digits, and that's what we see. 
Earl Austin: I mean I would just say like we've talked about growing double digits, and we're growing double digits plus EV and wind and solar as well beyond that. But obviously, we're comfortable with double-digit growth in those businesses. 
Earl Austin: We've seen some innovation -- sorry about that. Yes. My apologies. We've seen some innovation throughout the year. I think you'll continue to see it. There's things going on. But it's incidental really. I mean it's good, it will help, but the demand is such that we'll continue to see do that. We always go back and look at Europe and what's going on there, a lot of innovation in Europe. It's 3x [ cooler ] what we have here. And the cheapest form of moving generation is transmission. You still need -- still the cheapest form today, and it will be tomorrow and the next day. So I do think that the builds -- the multiyear builds are there. You have to balance the load, so you're seeing some equipment come in, synchrophasor, things like that, that are coming into the business that allows some balance. You're starting to see that show up from an equipment standpoint. We'll install it. There's software out there that's helping some on a distribution level, transmission level. But it's -- I still think even with innovation, we got a long way to go on infrastructure. 
Earl Austin: No. I think to the contrary, the investments necessary there in methane releases, things of that nature. When you start looking at natural gas systems, they're more valuable today because we're not building as much new system. I mean there's a considerable amount of new systems being built, but in certain areas where you're replacing [ caster ] and other lines with polyethylene and more, you're building a modern network. That's certainly there and will continue to be there. We see an uptick in the business, not a downtick. 
Earl Austin: Yes. I want to thank the 52,800 people out in the field that pay our paychecks and do what they do everyday in inclement weather. We can't say enough about their performance and the safety and the things that they do on a daily basis. Our field leadership is the best in the world. The management team that we have here is certainly something that we're extremely proud of. We're proud of where the company is going, and thank you for participating in the call today. 
Jayshree Desai: Yes. Thanks for the question. Yes, we are seeing that progression. We do believe that as these projects progress across some various risks and contingencies, we'll be able to release some of that in the back half. You got to -- the segment is more than just solar/wind. There's a lot of transmission substation work. All of that is going to see a big acceleration, we believe, in the back half. And so that will fall in the margins as better cost absorption, and contingency releases can be obtained. 
Jayshree Desai: Yes. Justin, so I would say the revenue -- inorganic revenue contribution from the deals we did in the second half of last year as well as the announcements this year contributes around $500 million to $600 million. I'd tell you the 2 recent acquisitions, the revenue contribution there pretty much is offset by the divestiture of the oil and gas business. So we're still around $500 million to $600 million and EPS contribution around $0.15 to $0.20. 
Jayshree Desai: Well, that is, we had the sale of an investment in a pipeline, the gain on that. So which we did adjust out of EBITDA and adjusted EPS. So that's the biggest factor in that $25 million. We also had some gains on our deferred comp, but that gets offset in SG&A. So the real impact is around that gain around the pipeline investment, which we backed out in adjusted EPS and EBITDA. 
Jayshree Desai: Yes. So free cash flow, I think just sitting here in the quarter, we did have a good free cash flow quarter. Pleased with that. But it's early. We think it's prudent given that our typical profile as of the first half of the year tends to be cash flow-neutral or slightly negative with most of the free cash flow coming in, in the fourth quarter. We still think that's where we need to sit right now. There is opportunity to be at the high end of that range. But I think the range where we are today is where we should be. 
Jayshree Desai: Yes. The increase there was primarily driven by our Puerto Rican entity, our JV with LUMA. There was a favorable tax ruling that allowed for us to be able to -- the tax rate has dropped significantly. And so you're seeing around a $6 million improvement over the year as a result of that ruling. 
