Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks, Mike. We've talked about it quite a bit, about the company being a portfolio and truly believe we operate in that manner. As we think about the regionality and how we sit, we -- what we've done is in our underground segments, our utilized segments, you continue to see us look at underground electric, look at underground telecom. It doesn't matter to us what median or what service we're providing. The equipment is very similar. The people are very similar. So we believe we can expand those offerings as well as on the front-end services across the board really at a regional level. And so the segmentation may look one way, but how we're operating in the field to get the leverage at the unit, which will ultimately produce the margins that they're seeing and enhance the margins that you're seeing will allow that leverage at that level. So it's just from our standpoint, that's the way that we will continue to operate the company and offer various service lines to the customer and really what's driving that as a customer demand on the local level for expanded services that we can offer. So really, it's us trying to make sure that we're leveraging that at the very field level, which will ultimately increase margins.
Duke Austin: Yes. So the project we discussed to the West, that's not Las Vegas. But in general, what I would say is we're performing that holistically internally, probably still performing 90% of it. We're proud of the project, nice mill project. So in our mind, an example of us stacking on to our existing base business there in the West. And we don't have partners, and it's not necessary for us to have partners given the size of the company.  So again, we're trying to really work on the synergy transition, and we're going in a holistic fashion. This is something where had several operating units coming together and able to perform the whole project for the client and give them the best service offering, in our mind. So real proud of the project to the west. And again, it's just an example of where the company is going. And way I do believe it's in the renewable segment, as we discussed. And I do think you'll see more of this moving renewables to the west. And so those type of projects will definitely stack on to our existing base business. We're proud of it. And as far as the size of it, we talked about it being the largest in the business in North -- in the Lower 48. So ultimately, a large project for us. We're not going to get into the size of it.
Duke Austin: Yes. Sean, it's Duke. In general, I would think, in our mind, it's double-digit EBITDA, even some uplift in margins if we can operate through some contingencies on the way through it. So we're proud of the segment. We think it highlights where the company is at. Certainly, Blattner is the big piece of that segment. We've stated the guidance there before around 2.6. So that's where we stand on that. And I do think you'll see those type of margins that are previously stated with Blattner in that segment. So we had a nice business in Florida. We talked about a lot, how we're enabling the infrastructure with substations and interconnections and long transmission lines. I do think that segment will continue to build. You'll continue to see nice work, nice backlog. It is lumpier than what you would consider our base business. But it's just timing -- days timing, not years timing in my mind. So I do think it is fairly predictable at this point. And we've given good guidance on Blattner out to '25. So I do think we're able to not only show the power of what we can do in that sector but also give you some visibility. And I'll let Derrick comment.
Duke Austin: Yes, Sean. I think you've seen the rebound in some of the oil pricing and things of that nature. So the industrial business seems really going to uplift. We thought it would be anyway. So I think it will stack on to the current demand that we're seeing on the industrial side. So we're confident in that business in '22 as it stands. That's certainly something that we were watching very closely. So we feel good about it. Our Canadian business is also rebounding. We like where we stand there. So all in all, I would say, incrementally, we're more positive on the underground segment than we have been. But we stated before, we're running it as a portfolio, the LDC business. We may be doing telecom, we may be doing electric, and some of that business will be blended within the electric segment, telecom segment in the field as a portfolio.  So I wouldn't get too caught up in the segmentation. The overall business will continue to rise, and we're producing double-digit margins, double-digit growth, those kind of things at the bottom. And so what I'm really looking at is that bottom number, and they continue to grow. So we're proud of it.
Duke Austin: Good morning Jamie. So in general, I would say we're confident in Blattner, confident in the guidance. Obviously, we've given outward year guidance as well. The demand on renewable business balance of plant is certainly there across the board, both solar and wind. We have really nice high-demand clients that customers that we believe really have the supply chain figured out for the most part, not to say there's not some small areas where you're seeing things happen. But in general, we took all that into account when we gave guidance originally. We've taken into account now. We believe we can execute through it. Certain things may show up a little later, but we've done a really nice job. I think what I would tell you is I think it's an advantage for Quanta when there is the supply chain disruptions. It allows us to show the breadth of the company and be able to move where a panel may be delayed a little bit, but we can build everything up to the panel and move to where the panels are and just move around. So it shows the scale and scope of the company and how we operate, and it doesn't affect us, which allows us to collaborate with the client. So I mean, I think we're using it to our advantage. Honestly, we like where we sit in the market.
Duke Austin: I think the company in the past -- over the past six, seven years has really focused on labor, our craft-skilled labor, and so it's the core of the business and really invested in it. So that investment certainly pays off in tight labor markets. And I think when we look at it, it's to our advantage. We continue to grow the business nicely. We work on how we perform our labor where we are able to train, get people to the field faster, safer. So those things are something that we've worked on quite a bit and believe it's core to us. So yes, we like where we sit and we like how we're performing. The supply chain with the breadth of the company and the scale that we have, we're able to move pretty nimble through this. And I think, yes, there is some supply chain issues in certain areas. But in general, we're able to work with the client well before there's a problem or an issue and move project to project or help them become nimble as well.  So I do think it's us working with the client, knowing that we see some supply chain constraints and make sure that we're operating properly. And we've done that in the past. You can see the margins in the fourth quarter. We've operated through, we believe, in '22. We'll do the same thing. We have leaned into some of the issues on fleet being the third, fourth largest fleet in North America, we're able to really stretch ourselves there and make sure that we have the fleet necessary to get in front of some of those issues. So we've done a nice job across the board of mitigating the risk of supply chain, not to say that it's not out there.
Duke Austin: Yes. I think when you look at the company, we've stated before, the base business to 80% to 85% on the electric side and underground given Blattner guidance. So if you think about it, those projects will stack. There's a multitude of projects out there. The list is long. I do think we've talked about where the company sits in those type of projects, and we've always said we would be around the edges and lack of chances. We continue to refine how we deliver to the client. The programmatic spends of the client are larger. And our ability to execute on time, on budget was 85% to 90% self-performed has given us advantages across the board, and we like where we sit in that spectrum. So as those projects become -- come to market, they get FID, we get approvals. Not to say there's not the normal problems around permitting because there is. It's getting better, but there's still issues. And many of these projects have been on the books for decades. When I look back, we had looked at it 10 years ago, and it's just now coming to market. So we're not going to get chase shiny objects all the time, but we are there in the edges. And we will, I believe, have a great service offering to the client when those become available, and we'll stack on top of what you already see in the growth rates that you see below. So we're excited about where we sit. And obviously, the project to the West is just, in our mind, something that as it comes available, we like our chances to win those type of projects.
Duke Austin: Yes. I think when you look at it, Blattner really, in many ways, transformed where we sat in the energy transition. It certainly puts us in front of the client across the board, both sides from energy all the way to utilities to developers. So it allows us a broad spectrum at a very early stage within a project. Blattner's ability, their self-perform capabilities, how they think was much like us on the transmission/distribution side of the utility business. So when we put our heads together, there's not a day that goes by we don't think of a synergy or something that we believe was transitional to the market. So we're in front of this. We think a lot alike. We've enjoyed the management team, and our ability to collaborate has been exceptional.  So the opportunities that not only what we would call renewable but also clean energy, and how we think about how Blattner helps us transition ourselves as Quanta to really lead the way in that transition is much more than 1 plus 1, in my mind. It will really allow us to help our client, which is ultimately, both companies are focused on the client. And I say it over and over again, but very much aligned on that. So we really want to get in there and help the client move forward at a very early stage, and it allows a lot of benefits to both sides on the backside of this. You see tight markets like this when both of us are in there with our existing clients, we're able to really produce a nice project for the client at a low cost that, in my mind, it doesn't escalate or we're not having the issues that others may have because we self-perform. So in my mind, we did risk a lot of things that a normal E&C does not. We said that many, many times. And the resiliency of the company shows with Blattner and where we're at -- where we sit in the energy transition.
Duke Austin: We've had a robust market over the last few years, and you continue to have one. You're talking days, months if you're moving things. So I'll just give you an example. If solar panels are delayed, the last thing we're really accomplishing in a solar field will be putting the panels on. So if we build everything else and then put the panels on at the end, it's not a big deal. Does it disrupt a little bit? Yes. Can we get through it? Yes. So it's not -- the things that you're seeing, the disruptions you may see is not something that's insurmountable nor do we believe has affected our ability to capture work or the way that Blattner looks long term, short term. We gave guidance with that in mind, that there would be some balance and some, I would say, lumpiness in the market. We felt like it was there. That's why we gave the guidance we gave. We also gave guidance in 2025 of $3.6 billion. So the market, the overall, where we're going with the energy transition, I don't believe that's changed. I believe all the clients that we have, have said the same. So we really -- we're going to a greener environment where load growth is going up. There's no doubt about it. And the carbon-free, the way that we're going to deliver energy, will be much different. And we're sitting at the very front of that transition over the next decade. We're just getting started. So we really like where we sit.
Duke Austin: Yes. If you look at the renewable segment -- I think if you look back, we recast this last year, 13%, I believe, is what it looked like, a little bit over that. Obviously, we've guided differently with the Blattner acquisition, 2 -- a couple of things. Last year, you had some contingency releases, things like that. And the recast as well as when you go forward, we talked about double-digit EBITDA at Blattner, as we said. Can we operate through -- do we think we have given prudent guidance in our renewable segment? Yes. So we'll be prudent about it. We've thought about it. We've thought about the guidance that we've given and our ability to grow. We've talked about Blattner going to 3.6. It's a segment that we believe will grow.  Certainly, with both companies doing the things that we're doing, the backlog and things of that nature in this segment, similar to the project that we announced today, I believe, that will go into backlog in the first quarter. So you'll continue to see the growth there, in my mind, on these projects as utility-scale renewables come in as well as the -- our ability to enable that through substations and transmission. So I really like where that segment is, and I do believe it's a growth segment for us. And we talked about if we got over $1 billion in the segment, we would segment them, and that's what we did. So we want to give the investor base a good look at it and allow you to see it. So I'll let Derrick comment more.
Duke Austin: Thanks, Alex. When we look at it, the overall transition, the energy transition, I believe, is intact. Under any administration, we believe that the sentiment towards carbon-free is certainly there, whether it be hydrogen renewables, balance of plant solar, it doesn't matter. We believe that ship has settled. As far as trying to help with different -- as far as siting, permitting, certainly Build Back Better, those things are all helpful. But either way, I mean, the programmatic spend underneath, if you go into electric vehicles, if you're going to put that many electric vehicles in the systems, your distribution system has to move in a much, much different manner with decades worth of work to be done to modernize as well as the same with renewables coming on to the systems. The modernization, the way it has to work and the interconnections are something that I think goes unnoticed in the amount of work that needs to be done on the grid. So with those type of things are there. Obviously, if we push an interest way high, it would concern everyone. And we were certainly cognizant of hiatus, what it does to an economy and can push it down. So we're certainly watching that as well.
Duke Austin: Thanks, Noelle. I think when we looked at our underground segment, we thought the industrial business would come back strong. And certainly, as it sits today, it's coming back strongly. And so that's a turnaround. We also -- the Line 3 adjustment that was in their last year, it was not there on a go-forward basis. So you get some movement there as well. Those 2 things are really driving it up. Canada, Australia, both are energy economies that have been depressed over the last 24 months and are certainly moving in the right direction. And so we really like what we said in both Australia and Canada. You add all it up and what we've done on the LDC business and how we're leveraging at the operating level in the field allows all segments to move up. So I do believe as we operate as a portfolio, it will ultimately pull up all segments as we go forward. Was that’s helpful.
Duke Austin: Yes. And I think where we're at now is we're early in a way that we're operating the portfolio of the companies. For us to guide there, that's good. We're getting there. But certainly, we're not satisfied with that. We believe we can operate the segment in upper single digits.
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean we saw that early, and I think we invested in the LDC business quite a bit. We've grown it, and there's certainly a multitude of capital deployment there over 30-year periods across the board. So the methane release that we've seen, certainly, that's part of that LDC business that's growing nicely. Hydrogen and carbon sequestration is certainly a few other we were sorting going to lead the way there on many teams that are doing that. We're early, but I do think hydrogen blend, hydrogen, green hydrogen will be something we talk about quite a bit. As you saw batteries 3 or 4 years ago, 5 years ago, we were talking about batteries. And I think they're certainly prevalent today and moving forward. So the same thing with hydrogen, we're just -- we're a little early. But I do think the company sees that and is in front of that in many ways to make sure that we capture that market share in that segment. So certainly, when we think through it, we'll definitely see hydrogen as being a part of the solution of energy transition.
Duke Austin: Yes. I want to thank the men and women on the field that are out in the inclement weather doing the things that they do rate the storm here, tough environments. They continue to execute at very, very high levels safely. So we're proud of that and proud of them. With that, I'd like to thank you all for participating in our conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. We'll only frame it by saying that had it been awarded prior to year-end, our total backlog would have exceeded $20 billion.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. I mean, actually, the majority of the difference was the joint venture-type dynamic. It had a very nice fourth quarter. There is a little bit of an uptick in the fourth quarter associated LUMA, which just has to do with the timing of kind of internal administrative costs rather than anything associated with the fixed fee itself. On a go-forward basis, I would tell you that it's -- that range that I provided, $45 million to $50 million, is a little bit of the increment associated with the joint venture contribution and fairly close to our original expectations for the remaining LUMA.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. I think you've said it fine. The only thing I'd add additional color, you could think all way back to when we did the original deal announcement for the largest portion of a decade, Blattner has been able to operate at a double-digit EBITDA. They had some very good performance within the last few years, kind of pressing that number up a little bit. But we look to kind of those historical dynamics to think about our multiyear expectations. So consistent with the '22 and in the outer-years, we think they continue to operate it was double-digit EBITDA. Aggregate for the segment, we think we've tried to be prudent on how to think about that in '22 when you think about it at the operating level of that 9%. I think that between the Blattner execution as well as our own, as we execute through contingencies, that gives us the ability to see a margin expansion. Duke made reference to it within our prepared remarks. We do believe that there's a bit more variability that you'll see within the segment. There's a smaller number of overall projects as compared to, as an example, the larger remaining electric power group as a whole, which can create a bit of variability in the timing to work, but largely very confident in our ability to execute.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. I don't know that I have anything too incremental other than kind of we comment on the things we said earlier. The Blattner dynamic, again, in the last 10 years has operated at a double-digit margin profile. That gives us the multiyear confidence. More specifically, again, the more recent period, they've executed quite strongly above that.  So yes, do we believe that we can see an upward potential against our guidance on a multiyear basis? I think the answer is yes. Whether that be because of our legacy electric operations that are now within this group, we think that we continue to see double-digit operating income-type performance of some of those legacy operations and then now thinking about Blattner. So we remain quite confident in our ability to execute on those margins with the level of upside opportunity. But we want to see the mix of work, right? There's a procurement component of it that can put pressure on margins. So very much, I think that it's the right thing to be looking at this year and being kind of prudent guidance. We want to get more visibility. And on a go-forward basis, very confident in our ability to execute at this level and then giving us the upside opportunities as we execute through contingencies.
Derrick Jensen: Yes. The only thing I'd comment to is that thinking all the way back to a pre-COVID environment, we actually were guiding to a similar type of margin expectations. And so it's just taking us down in a couple of years to get through both on the industrial, Canada and Australia. So I'd argue that we're very similar to where we were in a pre-COVID environment. And I think this is a good step towards us getting to that upper single digits we've been talking about being able to return to as we look forward on a multiyear basis.
