Derrick A. Jensen: Sure, Bill. This is Derrick. Relative to pricing, we like to look at things as though we have the same level of pricing discipline throughout. So what I would say is, the margins we're seeing in backlog today are comparable to the margins that you've seen in both the Electric Power and in the pipeline segment.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, this is Derrick. I mean, our margins that we're seeing in backlog or in the pipeline segment are consistent with the historical bidding margins that we have. So from your perspective of -- we target 9% to 12% from an operating perspective, which is inclusive of the costs that we incurred, but that's not necessarily representative of the margins that we're bidding. But the margins that you see from the bidding side of the equation and what's in backlog are consistent with our bidding approach historically.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, we continue to see opportunities in the U.S. and Canada comparable. I think that the growth rate in Canada has the ability to maybe be at slightly higher, simply because of the fact that it's growing on a smaller base. But the overall award activity we see between the U.S. and Canada is comparable. And then I think the second part of your question was really as it relates to '14. I think that we continue to see margins within the segment, specific Electric Power, in that 9% to 12% range that we continue to see throughout this year. You're seeing it in that performance of the 11% range. But as we look forward, I continue to say that, overall, a 9% to 12% is what we feel comfortable with.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, Jamie, relative to the revenues, we did have some delay from the third quarter out associated with some of the transmission work up in Canada. It got a little bit later start than we anticipated. On a consolidated basis, we also had a little bit of delay on mainline. It came through -- those few projects started 3 to 4 weeks, a little bit later than what we had anticipated. So that's somewhat what pushed some of the revenues out and ended up putting us at the lower end of our revenue guidance. When thinking about '14 and the margins, as I said earlier, we continue to look at the 9% to 12%. Do I think that we could be at the higher end of that range throughout? From a normal perspective. I would say yes. But as you then, you talked about the growth of distribution. Distribution historically may have been at a little bit lower margins, but we continue to push ourselves into additional program management solutions and we're providing additional solutions to our customers, which is moving us up the value chain with them on the distribution side. So I think that we actually look at being able to push the margins and distribution up a little bit more than what we've seen historically.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, I don't know that I'd say how much the MSA backlog was up per se, but I'll tell you that of the non-acquisition-related backlog, the remaining piece was probably roughly half of it was MSA work and most of that was in the beyond '12 period.
Derrick A. Jensen: Okay. Well, as it stands right now, we also don't go through and really get into that level of detail on the specifics of kind of how mainline works, but our mainline is a component of that. But the reality is that the increase in backlog quarter-over-quarter is really all associated with Nacap within the pipeline group, and Nacap's revenues are historically mainline.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, to the extent that we've moved it noncurrent, that's a direct statement that we're not anticipating any settlement within the next 12 months. I would think, in my own mind, that it's probably something in the 18- to 24-month time frame.
Derrick A. Jensen: On the pipeline side, I would say that actually, it's -- if I'm not mistaken, I think most of the components of the 12-month and beyond are effectively from the acquisition of Nacap, probably in the $150 million range.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, in general, I mean, we look at the pipeline segment being able to get back into a 9% to 12% operating margin to the extent that more mainline work is provided. We reached the 9% level this quarter. We did have the contribution of the mainline work with Nacap and a little bit of mainline work here in the U.S. For us to get into that true 9% to 12% range on a recurring basis, we think that we're going to need to have some level of recurring mainline work. And I -- as we look at 2014 with some of the projections that Jim has talked about, we think that we have that opportunity.
James F. O'Neil: Okay. First Australia, Bill. We're seeing similar drivers that we're seeing in the U.S., probably more so than in the U.S. and in Canada. There's significant opportunity to build out the pipeline infrastructure and certainly, we're at or ahead of schedule on where we expected to be when we made the acquisitions. So things are moving along nicely there. As far as the offshore environment, what we're trying to do is replicate the services that we're performing on land today, offshore. The main reason we're doing that is some of our primary customers that we're doing work for on their pipeline infrastructure and facilities on land have asked us to move into the offshore environment, because they don't feel they've got a viable solution with the amount of work that they've got going forward. We thought Performance Energy is an excellent company that has a strong management team and customer relations, that has differentiating services in the Gulf, primarily, today, and certain international markets. And we're going to leverage that with some of our technologies in-house, such as our integrity services, our engineering capabilities and program management to build that business. So we're very excited about that opportunity. Certainly, we're just getting our toe on the water on that and we'll just take it slowly and build opportunities with our customers as they present themselves.
James F. O'Neil: A significant part of what PES does today is MSA work. It's recurring revenue with margins that are actually better than what we do in our core business today. And then there are other parts of that business that are adjacencies, that are highly fragmented, that lack technology and the sole-source solution that we see an opportunity to provide going forward.
James F. O'Neil: Well, the competitive landscape there is less than the U.S. because they just don't have been the industry capacity in Canada that they do in the lower 48, and we anticipated that the Canadian pipeline market was going to be strong in the future years. That's one of the reasons that we've been bullish on our commentary. And the recent announcements that you've seen, I believe you're referring to the [indiscernible] announcement that just came out, is the primary -- one of the drivers. So we have a significant presence in Canada. I would -- I think that we're probably one of the leading, if not the leading, contractor in Canada and we're well-positioned to take advantage of those opportunities.
James F. O'Neil: Well, Tahira, we're seeing continued momentum in all of our -- all portions of our business. So we see top line growth. We see solid execution, which we've demonstrated over the past several years. Derrick talked about backlog and the margins in backlog. So everything is leading toward a growth year in all aspects of our bottom line and revenue growth and so forth. So we're excited about the opportunities going forward. That's why we've been bullish as early as we -- typically, we're not bullish until February about these comments. But we just see clear visibility going forward into '14 today than we have in the past this time going into any given year.
James F. O'Neil: Well, let me be clear that the expansion of the credit facility is not associated with our movement to offshore. We made comments that we're going to take it slow and steady moving into the offshore environment. The expansion of the credit facility is for the typical reasons that we mentioned in the past. It's working capital in all segments of our business as we continue to grow, and it's capital for -- it's capital for acquisitions across all segments, as well as CapEx for growth. Those are the primary reasons, but it's not because we're trying to make some big play into oil and gas. That is not accurate, whatsoever, and I'm glad you asked that question because I'm sure there's some concerns about that out there. But that's not what the use of that credit facility is for.
James F. O'Neil: There are some projects that are in the final stages of trying to get permitting, and that's just -- we see that on every project, which could affect the timing, whether it gets awarded at the end of this year or in the first quarter of next year. But we do see 2 to 3 big projects that could be coming out here in the near term that -- we don't expect any major hurdles for those projects to be -- to move toward construction in '14.
James F. O'Neil: Well, we said it past that really this traditional bidding season that we historically have seen over the past, probably last year and this year, has really kind of gone away. It's kind of like a year-round process now that occurs. So there's really no bidding season. It's more having discussion with customers on these bigger programs and they could be lighted anytime during the year. So I wouldn't focus so much on the bidding season anymore. It's just not -- that dynamic just isn't occurring like it did, as it has historically.
James F. O'Neil: Well, a lot of it is crews that are working on these production platforms, maintaining the engineering, the -- excuse me, the electrification and instrumentation and mechanical maintenance of the platform. So those folks are typically on some type of fixed-fee basis that -- on a 7-day on, 7-off basis or whatever. It's year-round work. It's MSA work that the margins are predictable, and they're certainly accretive to the company as we stand today.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I mean, it's difficult to get into that. I mean, we don't typically know the reasons why we get put on projects, because why other people might get replaced, I mean, it could be of various -- there could be various reasons for that. So I don't want to get into that, Dan. I mean, I -- what's exciting for us is that we were called in to help finish the project, and I believe we're doing very well on that project. We're ahead of schedule and we're excited to build that relationship with PPL and do more work for them going forward.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, we've -- I mean, we've replaced folks in the past on projects. And that's happened recently over the last several years because of the uptick in work. Labor is tight, the experienced leadership is tight and certainly some of these projects are becoming more difficult to complete, because there's aggressive time frames, it's more difficult terrain and more populated areas. So certainly, that's in our sweet spot from an execution standpoint, and we have replaced contractors over the last several years to finish projects.
James F. O'Neil: Yes. Adam, I don't know if that's exactly right. I mean, I think what we do is we're disciplined on pricing. And we've got several of our customers that we have more strategic relationships with that have more difficult builds in geographic areas where we typically excel, that have come out later than some of the other projects that came out earlier, a couple of -- again, earlier last year. So it's just the timing of when projects in certain geographical areas come up and when our key customers start their build programs more than waiting and holding capacity. Certainly, if there's a project for anyone that meets our margin profiles, we're going to take advantage of that opportunity.
James F. O'Neil: Well, let me just -- I want to say this again. We're not changing the profile of the company, okay? We're taking advantage of it in an adjacent market opportunity. So this isn't any big shift in strategy. It's a natural progression as we follow our customers into an opportunity that we believe we can execute on. When you look at the cost profile of this business, certainly, we believe that it's going to be more profitable than our core business today, and PES is a good example of that. Their margins are higher than our core business today, and their return on invested capital is higher than our margins today. I just want to make another comment that our primary service is not to be a marine support -- to provide customers with marine support activities. We see opportunities to provide solutions using technology and leverage our capabilities in-house today, and the marine vessels are just one aspect of supporting that, okay? And this is going to be very limited. I mean, we're not going to -- we're not going out to buy a bunch of vessels. We're here to support our customers in providing solutions that we don't believe are in place today, where our customers have comfort that there's a contractor that can provide those solutions today.
James F. O'Neil: Craig, we usually put that statement in our outlook every quarter. It's just the nature of -- our customers always have delays, projects never start on time. That's been like that for decades. And I don't see anything material or different. In fact, I think the environment is probably better today than it's been in quite some time. But we deal with delays all the time, and we have 2 or 3 of our the big transmission projects that are delayed right now. But people don't see that because we're on 16 major transmission projects. But delay is just something that we have to deal with, our customers have to deal with, and that's why it's in the outlook. And it will be in there in the future as well.
James F. O'Neil: Craig, TransCanada's not in backlog yet since that was announced subsequent to the quarter. So that will be added at the end of fourth quarter.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I wouldn't say we have excess capacity right now. I mean, if you remember, we deployed our field leadership into the shales, and we've been very active in the shales doing gathering work. We probably generated over $1 billion in gathering revenues. And now the mainline work is beginning to accelerate and that does help, obviously, leverage some of the fixed costs we have on specialized pipeline, large-diameter pipeline handling equipment. So certainly, we have the ability to expand the spreads that we have to take advantage of opportunities. Strategically we've been planning this move in -- the increase in mainline activity while remaining in the shales, working for the customers we're working for today. So I wouldn't say that we've got excess capacity sitting around though. But certainly, we have an opportunity to take advantage of mainline price as it comes out over the next several years.
James F. O'Neil: We have 9 to 12 spreads of capacity in the lower 48. And right now, we're on a couple of jobs. So certainly we can -- we've got the capacity to move -- to take on more opportunities in the lower 48. We've certainly got Australia, don't forget about that. I mean, Australia and Canada, there's certainly opportunities for growth there, too. We have capacity in those areas as well to take advantage of growth opportunities. So we're well positioned to take advantage of growth. We -- if there's an opportunity, being the largest specialized contractor in the industry, if there's a will there's a way. We'll be able to man those projects. We're not concerned right now about having limitations on pursuing additional work. We're not going to turn down work for our key customers or any project that has margins that meet our profile.
James F. O'Neil: Yes, I think the latter is more accurate. I mean, PES is a nice platform to grow on. We may do some smaller selective-type acquisitions, but it's going to be more around technology-driven opportunities versus trying to build more mass. I don't see any big acquisitions in oil and gas in the near future.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I'd like to thank all of you for participating in our third quarter 2013 conference call. And we appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta. Thank you. This concludes our call.
