Duke Austin: Yeah, in Puerto Rico we're making progress, we are staying on task on the timeline that we set forth within our bid process. And so I think we're making great strides there. We're continuing to transition the labor force as well as everything that comes with that from remediation plans and capital plans on the PREPA side of the business. And I -- from my standpoint, I think the third quarter sometime is when we expect to fully transition over into commencement. If not, it will just -- we have a supplemental agreement that will continue and will stay in the supplemental agreement. But the numbers and what we put forth does not change. We continue to be optimistic about the progress we're making as well as what we're doing for the island, the people. We've got our training facility very close to opening so we're seeing a lot of progress there and momentum around what we can do for the island, as far as the people as well as the economics for the island. So everything's on track, going well.
Duke Austin: Yeah, so I'll take the wild fire question to the West first. When we looked at it last year, we knew in our mind we have one of our larger utilities out there was coming out of bankruptcy, as well as putting a management team in. They are still putting that management team in place. We said all along that if we weren't working on that, we would be working somewhere in the West, that's still the case. It has not -- the demand for our services and what we're doing there from a solution provider to the wildfire assessment, as well as the construction thereafter still remains. I think it's a long-term build in the West around hardening, modernization, and all the things that are necessary when you want to move to more of a carbon free environment. And when we look at that to the West, I think they're a little farther along in their anticipation of being there. So we are still backed up by quite a bit of gas in the region. So I continue to believe that we'll continue to see modernization of that infrastructure as well as hardening for wildfires to the west. And the way we looked at it this year is, we took the normal approach, the same one we've taken in years past, and if we're not busy on the wildfire piece of it we will be busy doing other things in the West. So, I think all that's anticipated. If we start to move and expedite that it would be in the latter half of the year, and we comment on it as a move forward, move upward. So we took a prudent approach to that.  As far as the Biden administration, we've done well under both administrations. It doesn't, whether it be Republican or Democrat, we're really agnostic to that. When we look at it, I think if they follow the energy plan of the 2030-2050 type timeframe, as far as moving to a more carbon free footprint and certainly drives our business, I don't think that sentiment is going away. So we continue to see momentum around renewables and carbon free types of environment, whether it be hydrogen, batteries, whatever it may be that sentiment is there. The administration is certainly pushing that and I think it's beneficial for Quanta on all fronts. So that's where we [spend] [ph].
Duke Austin: Yeah. So, I think when we look at the segment and look at what we're trying to accomplish there, we moved it away from large projects into a more of a base business. And you see that happening, as we sit today. When we look at the industrial business what we have it is flat for the year. We do see signs of life there. If the economy comes back, we will get into more normalized industrial sector and see more of the same type of work we've seen over our historical. So if you go back to 2008 and 2009 -- and you look after 2008 and 2009 we have very busy years in industrial space. I expected that will happen. Nothing's changed there, I really liked that business unit, I think we'll grow out of it. We have opportunities where others have left the space. So we continue to see greatest opportunity we've ever had there on a go forward basis. We like it and we'll continue to stay in it.  So again, as Derek commented, we do believe if that gets back and you get in the upper single digits there like it's operated in the past, it will move the whole segment up. And that's what we see. So I -- we're committed to operating this segment in upper single digits. We're making strides to get there every day based on base business and repetitive and resilient type framework with growth to our LDC markets that are regulated markets and that's backing that segment. I will say that the company itself is a portfolio and when you look at those individual segments or operating units that perform that work, it's not they can go perform electric work and do. They perform telecom work and do. So while it looks like in a segment, you get one -- you see it one way, it doesn't mean that we're not fully utilized as a company, and we're not moving forward as a portfolio. So you see the overall margins of the company lift and we've always said that our goal for the company is to be double-digit adjusted EBITDA. 
Duke Austin: Yeah, I mean, when we look at the margins, and you look at it on a CAGR basis, you go back 20 years. We've operated in kind of double-digits and so for us, that's what we see historically. We have operated above that, we've talked about that. I think when we look at our guidance, we take a prudent approach to it. It's very early, we have seasonality, we have all kinds of events. We did pull back to 200 million of storm guidance. So if that's more obviously that would pick up the segment. We're operating really well there and I think, certainly there's opportunity, but as far as where we sit, the guidance that we gave is prudent. And I think if you look at it over time, that's where we will sit over time on a CAGR basis. So yes, there's always opportunity for us, and we're going to do everything we can to operate above that.
Duke Austin: No, we pride ourselves in self performance and kept craft skilled labor. And I think right now that is tight in the marketplace, in our training facilities, and the things that we've done allow us to collaborate with our customers there. So it's really driving the front side of the business and our ability to capture in a more holistic manner, the full value chain that we see in end to end solutions on utility base. So yes, I think we're making great progress there. I think it's something that we said we were going to do and pride ourselves going forward, and it will drive the business forward. So, the capital spends are also getting longer, when we talk about it, when we're talking to customers, our MSAs are lengthening, not getting shorter. So we're seeing more multi-year type MSAs versus one year basically to make sure that they had the craft skill labor and the ability to perform that CAPEX, OPEX on a go forward basis. And I like our position. I think we're doing very well on the utility side of the business as far as capturing more the front side.
Duke Austin: I mean, when we look at North America, if the sentiment stays to renewables and we continue down the path, there's no way around not putting in large transmission to move load-to-load centers. I think it's whether it be Canada or North America we will continue to see those type dynamics stack onto the base business as we move forward. The projects that are in Canada are performing well. And I -- at some parts of it will end in 2022 and parts of it will end in 2023. So it's a good base for us in Canada. We do see opportunities beyond that and other areas as well. So we continue to kind of see that. And as far as kind of the magnitude, we still see well above the 3 billion type framework in large projects of opportunity. And I think that continues on. It's well above that. I will just comment to that so no one will get excited that it's not that, above that so as we move forward.
Duke Austin: Yeah, thanks for the question, Steve. Actually, what I'd say is, it is a little bit higher. We ended up the year with probably running about a little over 12% working capital as a percentage of trailing four month revenues. Historically, we were really running probably about 13%. So I think we've done a good job of continuing to get some of that pressure down on the working capital side. I think we can maintain that throughout this year and that will give us a little bit higher conversion rate. As Alex has asked there is a little bit of M&A driving the revenue side, so that would factor the revenue growth up just a little bit. But, we've commented multiple times that in a moderated growth rate kind of that mid-single-digit that we could be in that 40% to 50% type conversion, which is largely what you're seeing with a little bit of an uptick based on expectations of maybe a little bit better cash conversion than what we've seen in recent periods. 
Duke Austin: Yeah Steve, I think when we look at the telecom business we see the macro market, it's very good. And I think our ability to book is there, continue to book. What I would say is we've taken a measured approach to make sure that we kept our double-digit margins and hit those targets. And I think we've done that, we've grown it nicely. As long as we can hit kind of the double-digit target margins that we're after, then we'll continue to see the kind of growth rates but it will moderate at some point above big numbers, we'll get there. But in general, the markets there for us to continue to grow that business above the growth rate of the electric segment, for sure. So I think we see that going forward. And our ability -- what's happening with art -- the art work is that's also going in our municipal electric customer. So it's allowing us even more opportunity to grow the business with even our electrics not inside of the business as far as our crew sets and with 5G and the way that that's going into the -- on the electric space certainly it will push our telecom up even farther. So I'm optimistic, the markets good and we're doing well there. 
Duke Austin: Thanks, Jamie. To be clear, I want to make sure our goal is to operate that segment and we're doing what's necessary to operate that segment in upper single-digits the way it sits. That being said, our crews aren't sitting. I mean, many times they'll go and perform electric work, they'll do other things on the electric segment. So you're seeing the overall margins of the company move up. No matter what class of work they do, a bore rig for example can bore electric one day, gas the next, and telecom the next. So what we're doing is making sure that our offices are fully utilized. So it's driving the overall margins up of the company and we do anticipate that as we continue to grow out the utility side of that LDC business with integrity and pipe replacements that that will continue to be the largest piece of the segment, as well as move up our margin profile and resiliency of the business as we go forward. So those are 30 year builds. We like that business, where you have put in the Eastern seaboard, albeit it had some issues last year, and just now starting to kind of come back to full scale on the eastern seaboard. So I think when we see all that come together, you're going to start to see it move up fairly rapidly. I do think the industrial business when we acquired stronghold, it was around 500 million, we had anticipated that growing to a billion at some point. But that is back to more normalized level. But so when we look at that piece going forward, we like the pieces that are there, their critical path infrastructure, we've not scaled back to operate at the 500 million mark. We still believe when this moves out that there's greater opportunity for us. So we are holding on to some people to make sure that we can fulfill the customer's needs as we move forward. So there is a little drag on margin there in the industrial business by design. We've done it before in other areas, I think it's the right thing to do for the long-term vision that we have for that group.
Duke Austin: No, we're really busy. I -- most of the work we have are multi-year agreements across the board. So really, we're in multi type year agreements on the base business, and then your larger work, we continue to see a robust bidding environment and transmission side. And I -- from our standpoint we are certainly positioned well for those larger projects, both in Canada and lower 48. So it's a robust environment.
Duke Austin: I mean, we're adding MSAs pretty much every year, probably every quarter for that matter. And it's really about us having the qualified personnel and continuing our training programs to get the folks in the field and remain productive and make sure that we keep our margin profile up and don't go past our margins. So it's more about a margin issue than the amount of macro work from a macro standpoint and not work that's out there. So, we'll be prudent about how we step into the gas piece of the LVC market, utility market. But it is certainly there and growing and I think we've grown it kind of upper single-digits to double-digits year-over-year, and you'll continue to see that. 
Duke Austin: I think, again, when you see portfolio approach there when you start to use electric crews to not only for electric work, but also telecom work, you get some synergy there that would increase the margins on the telecom side. So as that comes into play in the years beyond when we start looking more 5G in the rural areas, I think you'll start to see margins increase as we go forward. And it's about utilization, PP utilizations and scale with offices from a managerial standpoint as well as a fleet standpoint. So the returns get better as well. 
Duke Austin: Yeah, I think when you look at the segment, you look at as far as the gas distribution and hydrogen and how it mixes in. It's certainly more corrosive. So, when you're starting to blend it, we're working on those blends and things of that nature today. So that corrosiveness will cause work as well. So we see that going forward, it's early in my mind and we're still working on how that interacts in my mind with what's going on today, but we continue to see gas being utilized in new areas, as well as replacements in our older areas to reduce methane emissions. So that's been something that has gone somewhat unnoticed is the methane emissions that it's caused today from leak prone pipe, that's no longer there. So I think we're doing a good job from the environmental aspect as well by replacing it. And so I think about it like the systems that are in place are very valuable, because it's very difficult to build a new system today. And so the ones that are in place, what will happen is the integrity piece of our business will continue to flourish as we move forward due to you're using an older pipe because it's too difficult to build new pipe. So we'll continue to see our integrity piece move up. And we're looking at that as a strategy as we go forward. 
Duke Austin: I think we still see the same. I mean, it's a robust conversation on a daily basis about what's going to happen. Obviously, there's been with the pandemic some of the plants have moved and you see more fiber pushing into your suburbs. So that's certainly something that we see but on a go forward, the capital spends there are there and I think we're well positioned to take advantage of that as we move forward.
Duke Austin: Yeah, I want to congratulate the company and the management teams that we have. They're exceptional. We've performed very, very well in tough conditions as well as the corporate office to push out earnings in tough times. And so I commend everyone in the organization. And I want to thank you for participating in the call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta Services and thank you. This concludes the call.
Derrick Jensen: Yeah, Sean, one other bit of color. I mean, no, it's not really right to look at 2020 to 2021 being all as the storm pullback. Clearly, that is a component of it but that's what Duke is saying, the broader aspect of the operating model would average into that 10%. We've got a slide in there trying to illustrate that in the slide deck. And then relative to going forward though, yes, as it relates to the back half of the year performance for 2021 going into 2022 to the extent that you saw more of run rate type dynamics for LUMA in the back half of the year then yes, that would be accretive to thinking about the model going into 2022. 
Derrick Jensen: I would say that the incremental is probably around 200 or so for the full complement of acquisitions in 2020.
Derrick Jensen: Yeah Alex, I think the strategy remains the same. You'll see us continuing to -- obviously, we're evaluating everything against the stock and what we can do with that and our organic growth. So we'll continue to make sure that we invest back in the business as far as working capital, where we still see plenty of acquisition type targets out there that come through. We're not hard pressed to make acquisitions but if we see the right company, management teams will certainly lean into them as we have in the past. And I think that will also be additive to anything we're trying to accomplish from a strategy standpoint. And I do think when we look at the way the company is running and the way that the capital allocation happens going forward, it does allow us to start thinking really -- the opportunity certainly for double-digit EPS growth year-over-year. And so we've seen much more than that and if you go back on a five year CAGR basis, it's much more than that. You see our guidance this year more than that. So I do think the company's ability to lean in and to pull all levers of the balance sheet to move us forward is certainly there and you'll see us do that. 
Derrick Jensen: Another way to fix that is to go back and look at our averages. I mean, you see that we averaged probably around 400 million or more in deployment of capital and acquisitions over the last four or five years. 
Derrick Jensen: Jamie, a couple of quick points there. Relative to the differential revenue Duke commented effectively, it's about like a couple $100 million. But I think another point that's worth noting is 2021 expectations are exacerbated by kind of a first quarter effect. Industrial is counter seasonal and so it oftentimes contributes a little bit more into the first quarter than the normal aspect of our business. When you look at the modeling, I think what you'll find is for you to get to a 5.5% to 6% margin profile for underground, based upon the breakeven to small loss in the first quarter. You're going to have to see second, third and fourth quarters operating effectively at around 7%. So it's really right now an exacerbated first quarter dynamic that's really creating the majority of the dilution, but otherwise you're seeing margin execution of that remaining portion of business ex industrial in the back half of the year still at kind of that 7% type plus performance.
Derrick Jensen: Yeah, thanks Mike. Thanks for the question. Yeah, we have some weather here for sure and I want to say that our employees, both at the corporate level and in the field does remarkable job of putting earnings out and being safe in the field and getting the lights back on. So that being said, when we look at that I think you're going to have to have some redundancy. No matter what you do, there's intermittency. So whether it be if you're still backed by gas, your pipe that froze out in West Texas you're going to have to see some redundancy and to backup the grid. And now whether you do it with batteries or new pipe, that's certainly there as well as transmission where you had load, you can't bring it out because you are constrained. So I think you're going to see transmission across North America. If we're going to go to more of a renewable sentiment state that's been stated, I've said it before and I'll say it again, the amount of transmission that's necessary to have a robust, redundant system to backup intermittency is large in nature much more than you can anticipate if you go to a European type environment, where you see large corridors of transmission. So I think those spend stay there. Batteries will come into play at some point and be more of take some of that intermittency out, but we're early in batteries as we move forward. So I -- those kind of things to build that modern grid, as you see electric vehicles come on the distribution system, our infrastructure that we have today, we continue to need to invest, to modernize. And you're going to -- our utility customers Capex and OPEX as well as our regulators will continue to put focus on those areas as we move forward.
Derrick Jensen: Maybe -- well, one way to think about it, aggregate MSAs are now -- as it relates to the end of 2020 we're just about 50% or just over 50% of revenues, which has definitely grown from what you've seen three or four years ago. 
Derrick Jensen: Yeah, when you think about everything that you've said, whether it be electric vehicles, automated vehicles, technology, renewables, hydrogen, we're in conversations and collaborations with helping build the modern infrastructure necessary to enable every one of the things that you hear every day. So the company is in a unique position to enable all those things to happen, whether it be electric vehicles on the distribution systems, to make sure that not only can we put charging stations in, but we can also make sure that grid behind it can handle the amount of electric vehicles that are going to be charging on a daily basis. And the intermittency that it causes is a tremendous step forward within the distribution systems that we see today on the electric side. Technology on the telecom side, as we move into 5G, the company is in a very unique position there to deploy resources there. So I think any way you look at it from a sentiment standpoint and how we're becoming more sustainable going forward as well as environmental friendly from a company, we're enabling all those things to happen. 
