Derrick A. Jensen: Sure. As it relates to the fourth quarter, yes, very, very similar to our expectations. We had anticipated that we had some level of decline from the fourth quarter of last year relative to certain margin profile simply because of the way that some of those jobs contributed to profits last year. There was just difficult variability. So it played out very similar to our expectations. And then as it relates to the first quarter, very much, the range is to contemplate the aspect of the weather dynamics that we see at play. I will say that I would anticipate that, as we get to the latter quarters, that you'll see a wider range than you have historically seen, something that is contemplating both the larger size of the segments as well as some of the variability you'll see in the timing of awards. But predominantly, in the first quarter, it's largely due to the weather impacts.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, Alex, this is Derrick. I think what you'll see is that, as it relates to the quarters, you can see that the margin profile can still be up in our typical 10% to 12% range. But as for the year right now, it's definitely impacted by the weather. There's an aspect of that, that when you look at previous periods, I mean, our first quarter years ago happened to be very, very low and the benefits of Canada are such they contribute such that -- the first and second quarter are -- can be much flatter what they had been. But at the same time, there are aspects of weather that will impact that and that will carry through the year. I do need to make 1 clarification as I recognize that my prepared remarks made reference to an annual guidance of $8.2 billion versus $8.6 billion versus the press release and that's the difference in foreign currency. Our actual guidance in our press release includes the impacts of foreign currency reductions of about $100 million.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. Maybe I misspoke in my prepared remarks. I see my '14 is actually having stock comp of about $39 million and guidance is about $43 million. But the -- yes, we are going to see a degree of increase in stock comp associated with both acquisitions as well as a new program that we put out last year relative to overall for the company with some longer-term 3-year targets in our compensation program and will be accruing against those targets, so that will have a bit of an increase in stock comp program as well.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, Dan, this is Derrick. I mean, definitely, on the aspect on the bottom line. But on the top line, part of it is an example when you make reference to Banister, some of the dialogue that Jim has referenced relative to oil and gas is also impacting Banister even from the standpoint of what we included in our press release regarding Banister. There is a bit of decline associated really with the push-out of some of the projects, so you'll see a difference in timing. That's partly what's impacting that math far as from an organic growth perspective.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes. I mean, it's hard to say, Bill. The timing of projects are so -- are sporadic. I can't say that I would say -- call out 1 particular month of award versus another relative to that. I mean, we do clearly have the contribution of Banister into that from an acquisition of Banister in the fourth quarter, which I'd say that was in order of magnitude around $125 million of additional backlog. And then -- but after the end of the year, I can't call out if there's any particular way that a month of fluctuation that's relevant.
Derrick A. Jensen: Yes, the -- for 2015, I think we'll see probably about $275 million to $300 million, which is fairly comparable to what we saw in '14 of about $301 million.
Derrick A. Jensen: Sure, yes. Actually, I mean, I'd say that currently as it stands here [ph], has probably impacted us in the 3% to 5% range. And that is factored into our guidance. That is in the release. So it's based upon current FX rates. Again we have not factored in any additional movements between now and the end of the year. So to the extent that things move, then those numbers would have an impact on us. But as it stands, we baked in our guidance the current FX rates as it stands today. From a share repurchase, yes, we have not forecasted any additional repurchases that reflects only activity through today. We will be opportunistic with share repurchases much as we've been throughout '13 or 14. We're focused on capital available for working capital -- CapEx and acquisitions and then we look at the aspect of share repurchase. I do believe that we will be mindful of all those activities as we think about the future and we'll definitely be considering where share repurchases will play. But as it stands today, we have not forecasted any additional repurchases.
James F. O'Neil: Yes. I mean, on the low end of guidance in the oil and gas segment, we're pretty much taking into account what backlog we have and hanging on mainline pipe. And then there is some impact to probably 5% of our oil and gas segment. Offshore services is a good example of up to 10% and we baked that into the lower end of our guidance. On electric, it's really about what we have in hand right now on large transmission projects. It doesn't really account any slippages on transmission, but we have baked in some of the downturn potentially in the oil and gas segment on the low end of the guidance, which could be project slippages or some impact from oil pricing and some of our businesses, which we think is a very small majority -- minority.
James F. O'Neil: Sure. I mean, at the midpoint, we're expecting double-digit growth in both our oil and gas segment and in our electric power segment. So projects are there. I would say that backlog is up in our oil and gas segments for mainline and we -- mainline is playing out like we expected in '15, except we've probably seen a few project slip into '16, which is a little disappointing. But certainly, we still see the uptick. But we've seen a couple of projects in Canada slip. It's more about permitting though and sizing which -- I mean, these projects are getting bigger and it just becomes more difficult for projects to move to construction when we expect them to. But it just looks like we're going to have more work to do in '16 is what it looks like right now. But we expect double-digit growth for both segments at the midpoint of our guidance.
James F. O'Neil: Quarter-over-quarter, you're going to see some variability. But I think the overall trends on backlog in electric is we continue to see opportunities for growth. Our man hours continue to increase. Our customer capital programs continue to get bigger and larger. But I've got to warn everybody again and we caution about quarter-over-quarter. You could have some fluctuations. But over the long haul, right now, it looks like we've got the backlog -- the growth is there for backlog over the long term.
James F. O'Neil: I'll make some initial comments and I'll let Derrick follow on. But nothing's changed, okay? As far as margins and backlog or the way we contract with our customers, nothing's really changed. We just were in a tighter range here as far as margins as what we've done over the last several years. We have some projects in Canada that are starting up. It's very difficult going right now early on. As projects move through completion, you have more contingencies to release. I mean we're taking conservative positions on some of these projects. We're trying to set foundations in 4-foot, 6-foot of snow. So it's -- that's a big part of it right now. And of course, the first quarter is going to impact the year. And so I think we should be back in hopefully that higher end range as we move into '16. But the first quarter is going to impact the overall year, so we're just going to come out and give that guidance now for the full year.
James F. O'Neil: Yes. I mean, I want to let you know, we all are going to be executing on some pretty significant mainline work probably more than what we've done since 2010 this year. It's just that we have had a few projects slipped that were back-end loaded into '16. So I'm not concerned about that. It's certainly not the oil price dynamic that's creating that, but we still anticipate double-digit growth in that segment at our midpoint of our guidance. And a lot of that -- the biggest contributor to that is going to be mainline and I think we'll be on more mainline work this year than anything since '10. So it's not like we're not going to be busy. It's just not what we expected 6 months ago. We thought we'd be on a project or 2 more. But anyway, it's still all -- it's still building as a multi-year build and we'll see it's early in the process and we think stacking up at hopefully, at the end of this year '16, '17 is going to play out like we all anticipate.
James F. O'Neil: [indiscernible] Canada is clearly where we're seeing the bigger delays. And Banister is -- being the largest mainline pipe contractor in Canada, will be impacted by that. And that's just it is what it is. But certainly, there's going to be significant mainline pipe activity in Canada. It's just getting pushed to the right a little bit.
James F. O'Neil: Well, that's playing out -- the new multi-year agreements with customers is playing out as we expected even more or so. So it's -- again, that's playing out really nicely, the bidding environment, I mean, obviously there are projects that are being bid out, but there are also customers moving some more of a supplier relationship. So all I can say at the end of the day is we see capacity tightening with some of these bigger projects. Capacity is tight now and it's going to get tighter so -- as we move through '15 and into '16.
James F. O'Neil: We haven't seen any change, Bill, than what it was a year ago. So pricing remains consistent and I would expect that will deliver margins consistent with what Derrick described in his release -- in his prepared remarks. So we're not seeing any change in the pricing environment.
James F. O'Neil: Well, we're not really seeing the outages so it's really just white snow. It's not a lot of ice. There's been some ice, but it's been in areas that really haven't created any power outages or storm or force. Storm hardening efforts for our customers continue and that's one of the biggest drivers of our business especially on the distribution side. So there is regulation in place in it, particularly in the Northeast and Midwest where utilities are operating and strengthening their grid, so that will continue. The first quarter is typically a soft quarter for that type of work, but that work typically ramps up in the second and third quarter of the year and well into the fourth quarter. But storm hardening initiatives are underway and they've been underway for several years and we don't anticipate those to back off. We expect them to continue to grow over the next several years.
James F. O'Neil: That's, I guess, the big question. We're on the low end of our guidance is how prolonged does oil need to be at these lower prices to impact us. We haven't seen it today. I know that E&Ps wanted to drill less wells. They're focused on cash flow and increasing production. And as long as they're focused on cash flows and increasing production, you're going to need pipelines for takeaway capacity and they even make more sense now than they did when oil prices were at 100 because rail's looking really costly right now. So -- and infrastructure programs, we have not seen -- in the areas that we work, we have not seen any infrastructure programs back off. We continue to be very active. Does that change 6 months from now if the price of oil stays where it's at? I don't know. I can't help -- I don't know that. But long -- many of our customers are taking a long-term approach, especially on the mainline side. They've got billions of dollars invested, years of trying to get projects cited and permitted and they're moving forward. So that's where we're at.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I mean, I've seen statistics where the Marcellus today provide 16% of the gas supply east of Mississippi and then by the middle of next decade it is going to be over 40%. And the low cost and abundance of natural gas is not only -- it's driving the economy. We're seeing more appliances switch from electric to gas in homes. You've got this coal-to-gas switching legislation, the MATS rules. Power plants will be the #1 consumer of natural gas in this country, which you don't have the pipeline infrastructure in place to do any of that. It's severely lacking. And so that's why you're seeing all these big pipelines propose predominantly in the Northeast and Midwest. And many of them are going to move towards construction. So it's -- regulations driving a lot of this, the economy is driving it, the shales are an energy game changer. You've got this 100 year supply plus of natural gas today that's very cheap and it's the preferred fossil fuel of choice.
James F. O'Neil: That's a great question, John. I mean, we're always opportunistic on acquisitions. We could acquire the same dollar value companies this year that we did the last several years, but maybe not. I mean, I think, in this marketplace, you need to be very gauged and thoughtful about what steps you'll take going forward, especially if you don't know how this is going to play out over the long term with a low oil price. Right now, we don't see any impact to our business. But anyway, I think it's a good question and I think the short answer is we're going to continue to be opportunistic and find good deals because I do think that we are still in the most prolific time in the history of both the electric power and oil and gas industries and I think some of the strategic moves we make over the next several years will help establish our leadership position for the next few decades and I truly believe that.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I mean, it's -- the big driver is the coal-to-gas switching, the mercury emission rules and the necessary infrastructure needed to fuel these power plants. They need to have redundant power plants in place. The second thing is you've got aging infrastructure in the Northeast throughout the U.S. that needs to be upgraded not only to serve the population centers today but the growth that -- and consumption of product that's occurring. And that's one reason you have differentials is you got the lack of takeaway capacity to get the products to the consumers. I can't speak to it regionally. Every region is different. Every municipality is different. They've got different needs. But I could tell you that there's a -- on a global basis, when you look at it at a very high level, there is a sufficient lack of pipeline infrastructure to serve customers and load centers and one of the bigger issues is in the Northeast and in the Midwest.
James F. O'Neil: Well, I'd like to the thank you, all, for participating in our fourth quarter and full year 2014 conference call. We appreciate your questions and your ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you, and this concludes our call.
