Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks, Andy. I think when we look at the market and especially the larger projects within the market, there's a significant amount that you got to get through permitting, you've got to get through a lot of different things. More importantly, if you're going to transition the need for transmission in North America, for that matter, is significant, way more than what people will estimate. I think you hear it quite a bit where were moving towards the transition we are. So that said, we do see large projects across the board, but you have multiyear projects as well with existing customers that are also addressing this need to provide load to the load centers from the areas where you have renewables. So those things, along with what you're doing with EV penetration and things like that are certainly increasing. Our dialogue with customers is robust. The amount of capital necessary to go where we want to go, continues to grow. I don't see a path to get to anywhere near where we want to go in 2030, 2040, 2050 without significant infrastructure build across this grid. It's not meant to handle the modernization, the penetration of electric vehicles and what we're trying to do from a carbon environment without modernizing this infrastructure in a significant way.
Duke Austin: Our backlog growing. We don't even have SunZia and it will go up significantly. I think it will go up significantly every single quarter throughout the year. It may not be a perfect CAGR, but it will grow through this year, and I don't see that stopping. I mean we've given you good guidance on a multiyear 10% type growth at the EPS line with the ability to grow 15%. I stand by it today, even more so.
Duke Austin: I think it's getting better. I mean you still you still hear Congress even today or yesterday, I can't remember. You start to see things around your reliance on China for panels. And I do think that will continue to play through this. But all in all, for what we see for what we have, we certainly have risk-adjusted kind of how we're guiding this year. So I do think we've watched it. We know what panels are in. We know what panels aren't in. I do believe that has alleviated a bit and we'll continue - so the supply chain has gotten better in many ways. Certainly, if there's any kind of regulation or things like that, it could change. But I do see more for that matter, everything being more onshore than offshore. And I do think that's a good trend for us in the way that we think about providing those solutions. Jayshree can comment.
Duke Austin: Yes. Thanks, Alex. I think in general, we're about 85% still. I think that remains the work mix for us. If it's more material concentric, we'll make some comment on it. Today, it's the same for about 85% of the business is still self-performed. We like that. We like that mix. I think it will continue. We certainly to have certainty in our projects and to the client on delivery times and on for our ability to provide earnings power, we need to be able to self-perform about that mix. And the constraints that we have, no one understands those and we have to make sure that we can operate through any kind of issue. So that's about the mix you'll see.
Duke Austin: Yes. Honestly, I don't have any idea. I know we had a great collaboration with the client. It was a collaborative effort. And I believe it shows what the Blattner acquisition did for us. When you put both of us together what we can do together, what we can do for the client, the synergies that we can create for a client in a project like this. I would say it's proof of concept, it's proof of what can be done with the client to ultimate consumer and I don't think there is anyone that can do what we can do with these type of projects based upon history based upon what we're able to really think through for early in construction we can certainly create impacts and solutions to both sides of this transition, unlike any other.
Duke Austin: Yes. We have some revenue in our guidance this year from it. It was in our uncommitted prior to the award. But that said, it's minimal. And I don't -- we don't see a pullback or a path where it doesn't go. So there's a lot of commitments being made here. We feel like the project is a go project, it's a great project, patterns of long time customer, Blattner and IRA for that matter. So we're confident, and we've worked hard with the client to make sure that this project is a showcase for them and us and the industry, what can be done through hard work. And yes, it's a long, long project. It took a long time. It shouldn't take this long in America to build infrastructure. So certainly, it's -- we're glad to get it across the finish line for everyone.
Duke Austin: Yes, a little bit on the project. That's the way to think about it, but a little bit on that project, just so we can discuss it a bit -- it's a project that we did through the pandemic. And it's a project no one's done in northern climes like this, where we've taken people off fuel and putting them on renewable power I think it's significant in the way you think about the northern climes and what can be done. Our people work through a pandemic and built this. And so that said, no one's ever done that. No one's ever -- so the way that we're thinking through it, we've taken a prudent approach taking a prudent approach the way we've looked at it. All I can say is we can build things in northern climes better than anyone in the world. I'm confident in our position. I think it's much better than what we have, but we took a prudent approach to it. We'll continue to do so. I don't think you'll see any more fluctuations unless it goes the other way. I feel confident in where we're at, and it was our decision really to make sure we derisk the rest of the year and the rest of the job with the approach that we've taken. So we're extremely happy with our people, this build was significant for us in a code-free environment of what's possible. Our productivity rates and everything else were off the chart. So real pleased with how we finished up, and I do believe it will pay dividends in the long term.
Duke Austin: Thanks, Steve. SunZia is right down the middle for us, both from -- we just got off a wind project, with pattern did really nicely. We built line across that part of the world, many, many times, not concerned. What I can't control is a pandemic, so if our project has a 24-month pandemic in it, I don't know how to address that yet. I'll let you know when we get done with all the settlements on the claim. But the one in Canada, we work through a 24-month pandemic in a camp in the most northern territory in North America. So - and by the way, like every other project up there is off the rails. So look at coastal gas, look at Trans Mountain what they did compared to what we've done. I like our chances. So I know - we know we're doing on large projects, and this one is right on the middle. I expect many more of them to come.
Duke Austin: I think when you look at it, it's about the same between 80%, 85% base business, the why we've laid it out. Large projects will grow significantly. Our base business will grow significantly. We're signing much larger MSA type programmatic expense than the projects that you're seeing. It's just there over multiyears. This -- SunZia is over -- I think we get done in '26, end of '26, the line goes a little faster, '25. But that said, we have multiyear type MSAs type agreements with our current customers that are longer in nature that are much bigger. So we continue to see both the base as well as these larger projects, as we've talked about the stacking effect due to the transition and all the things that we're able to accomplish there on the company is in front of it. And I do believe the outlook looks good. And certainly, our strategies are 5 years out. And I like where we're at. And I think we're right on track, maybe a little better.
Duke Austin: Yes. When we look at the Navistar contract, I think it's just how we relate with our -- not only us, but our suppliers we collaborate. And that collaboration leads to other things that we can do together such as try to create the safest truck in the industry, which I think is where the start was trying to create the safest truck what can we do with automated driving, what can we do with other things. And then it led to -- well, what can we do together to build the infrastructure necessary to go to electric vehicles. That said, if you think about Navistar's -- their amount of market share in school buses, in every school district across North America, it's significant. Many of the school districts load once you put buses and you go to an EV type bus, it will pull more load at the bus depot than the town. So when you start thinking through that and you're struggling in all the school districts that are out there, I think it's a significant build. It's meaningful for the company. And if we work together, we work with our utility clients and municipalities on the front end of this, we can certainly do it cost effective and create an environment that allows everyone to move towards carbon free.
Duke Austin: Good morning, Jamie. So I do think when you think about that we're on call it, 25 renewable projects today. All those have interconnections. The discussions with the customer are usually when we didn't have Blattner, you weren't combining that. You were really -- we were doing a lot of the interconnections for the utilities or for the developers. Some are going towards a combined approach I think the more we show the economics around it, the more we think through it, the bigger the projects, certainly, the more economical it is for us to think through both wind solar and interconnection with the client, and we do that quite a bit. As far as -- there's a significant amount of projects out there that are ongoing or from utilities driving win towards the West on the East Coast coming down from Canada, where you're absolutely bringing load wind, whether we're on the wind side or not. Usually, we're on both sides of it. If they combine it is better. I think it's our job to show the client the economics around that and how we see it. And is that the ultimate is that the ultimate project for the consumer at the end. Can we do it cheaper and more efficient. So I do think I like our chances. SunZia is certainly a highlight of what can be done. And I think it -- when you collaborate early, you get those kind of results and everyone wins. As far as the margins on renewables, I think a lot of that was the Canadian project pulling it down a bit. I do believe when you start to scale the way we're scaling, what happened in the renewable business across the board, you had a stop 6 months, 9 months where no one did much because of all the regulations in '22. And that -- and also the IRA coming in. As the IRA comes in, you're going to get on more of a run rate base rate that you can see and you'll stock on top of that as you grow, I don't think you'll have this cadence that you have where you're growing from the first quarter significantly into the second, into the third and the fourth. And you get more -- obviously we have to perform on the back side much better than we did on front. And I believe everything in historical, nothing on the back side outside of any historical margins. In fact, it's right down the middle for us on the backside of this. And I think that should create -- you'll have some seasonality in the first quarter, but your fourth quarter is going to obviously grow you have some impacts in the second due to our -- the way that we're mobilizing on projects and things of that user, but it should smooth on out into '24 and beyond.
Duke Austin: We don't have enough history Jamie to give you that. If I can get 12 months' worth of run clean on renewables, I'll be in a much better place to give you some dialogue, but it certainly will -- if you do the math, you've got to be in double digits on the back half.
Duke Austin: I think we'll continue to grow backlog. We're not going to comment on how big the job was. We said is the largest renewable project in North America, so it's quite large. We'll put it in backlog next quarter, and you can infer what that looks like. But -- that said, in general, as far -- we hear a lot around constraints. The company has grown about 1,000 employees a quarter. We're roughly very close to 50,000 today. And I do think that growth continues. We were set up to meet the demands out there. I've not seen the demand outpaced our ability to grow and grow in a efficient way where we can certainly put the resources on the projects and that we see anything we've seen in the market anything out there we're bidding on. We can certainly handle and handle more of it. I challenge the supply chain to catch our ability to perform the labor because that's where the problem is.
Duke Austin: We made three in the first quarter, I think, are extremely strategic, so that said, it addresses the mid-market solar and many other things. So our ability to think differently and to get in front of these type trends as well as families that want to perpetuate their business I do believe we'll have the ability to do that. We'll certainly weigh that against organic growth on the way that we're thinking about the market. So there's opportunities for sure. And I'll go back to cash flow. If we grow the business for every $100 million we grow, we pull cash out. I think it's around $12 million of free cash, somewhere in there. So don't -- like if we grow another $500 million of guidance, you're going to pull out another $70 million of $60 million of cash. So just that happens. We've got to make sure that everyone understands that is if we grow more than what we say, it does pull cash.
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean I just -- there's a lot of synergies, Sean. It's kind of like the Coke secret sauce, I'm not going to tell you what it looks like. with the ingredients are. So the issue is, for us, if you get us in early, our ability to put a construction-led engineering package together is what I think leads the industry forward, not only from a safety standpoint, just the way we think about supply chains, everything with a long the build. So it's just our ability really to think through how we're going to build something and then make sure the engineering matches and where we build all kinds of different things from logistics to everything else, and we know a ton. And look, we know who's going to build it. So we know the craft that's going to build now the superintendents that are going to build it. When they sit with the customer early it always ends well.
Duke Austin: I just think in the Underground, when we look at it, I think the way we see capital spend at our customers, you can see some pull in from gas LDC into maybe Electric or Electric to Underground more so another half of the year. The total portfolio rises, you may have some impacts on a little overhead here or there. On your gas, your industrial business in the back half, we need to watch it. We have good visibility for 6 months and then you can't see the back half. So you're hesitant on putting something forward that is not there at this point. So we'll watch the underground business. That said, I do think that mix shift happens and there'll be some portfolio adjustments year-over-year all the time because the difference between electric and electric creating renewables or electric creating electric it's nothing. It's the same. You just -- it's the work type, who you're working for primarily or what you're doing with the work. So that said, I mean, they can -- we could grow the electric side of the business faster than the renewable side at times and the renewable side faster than the electric at times I just -- that was going to blend in and the underground business is the same thing. We can be doing telecom 1 day and gas the next, that's the beauty of the portfolio. And I think if you -- if we get operating leverage, if what the company is doing right, we'll continue to see some work mix shifts in underground, but you're going to higher margins in electric and telecom. It's a good thing.
Duke Austin: Yes, Mike, we're starting to see more and more programs from your non-traditional customers. So I think [indiscernible] close to $1 billion double digits which is what we are trying to accomplish, and we're very, very close. It wouldn’t surprise me if we surpass it. I think we pace the growth right. I think we've done purposefully there and we'll continue to take advantage of the market. That said, we're not investing a lot in that from acquisitions or things like that, it's primarily around organic growth at this point. So it allows us to really expand our other things against that market. So we're pacing our growth. I do big opportunities in 2024 really and beyond. '23 is nice, but we'll continue to watch it. It does get tickle at times.
Duke Austin: Yes. I mean we're seeing more opportunities in the outer years. And when I mean the curves to the cards work and what you need so your battery projects are going to pick up significantly to handle some of the intermittence fees as well as the wind in certain areas. You have to have transmission interconnects and things of that nature. So a lot of it is the transmission cues as you get these larger lines built, you'll start to see more wind behind them. But they're not going to build the wind if they don't have anywhere to put it. And repowering certainly is a big business that we'll continue to see that repowering market is nice. And I'll let Jayshree comment on this.
Duke Austin: Yes, I think it's not material, if anything, on the back half. It's in the '22 a bit. So I think when you look at '22, it's down a bit and it won't - Canadian has been an impact in that segment. So there's not as much Canadian content in the back half of our year. And so we're confident in the historical performance of both sides of the business to be able to perform double digits in the back side of this - of the year.
Duke Austin: Yes. I want to mainly thank our people in the field. We had a really, really nice quarter through tough winter that the foot of snow in places, these guys, women in the perform in northern climes better than anyone in the world and what they do every day is remarkable. They're building the nation's grid. And I'm real proud of where they're at from a safety standpoint and where we're at. And I'd like to thank them and you for participating in our conference call. We appreciate your questions and ongoing interest in Quanta Services. Thank you. This concludes our call.
Jayshree Desai: No, I have nothing more to add. That's right. I think it is opening up. We're seeing the supply chain, the panel manufacturers make -- do a better job of ensuring that they're meeting their requirements under the -- under the tariff provisions. But yes, if there is any sort of regulation, any sort of anti-China sentiment that continues to push through, that can obviously affect the supply chain again.
Jayshree Desai: Yes. And we are seeing better performance in the rest of our business, Jamie. When you see the impact of the Canadian project at 120 basis points. The rest of the business, we were we were pleased, as I said, the performance there margins are doing better than we expected. And as Duke said, as we move out of first quarter into second, third, you're going to have more volume, you're going to have better fixed cost absorption and you're going to just have better productivity as a result of getting into better climates.
Jayshree Desai: Yes. Hi, Neil, yes, we are tracking toward that $750 million to $1 billion. We still feel good about it. Our first quarter was negative, which is typical for us in the first quarter, given the working capital requirements coming back from the holidays, ramping up. We did also have a little bit of pressure in the first quarter with some retainage as well as some material procurement that impacted our DPOs. But again, well within our expectations, and moving forward, as the work increases, we've got more renewable projects coming through. You're going to see that cash flow and the revenue come in as a result. Our expectations are still within that $750 million to $1 billion. I think we're on the midpoint is where -- Neil, if you're asking me today where we are, that midpoint is right down the middle and where we would be. And so we feel good about where we are today and see no reason to change that.
Jayshree Desai: And the only thing I'd add to Duke's comment is wind is starting to get some momentum. I still think -- and we're still seeing that it's more back-half weighted as projects have to get through the permitting and interconnection cues. And for all the reasons Duke mentioned about the complexities of moving that wind power to where the load is, it just -- it's harder and it takes more time. And you have the IRA coming in as well, which will allow for more wind and have wind be as competitive solar. But again, the projects have to move through the development cycle to be ready to be built. But in terms of economics, no, I think we are comfortable with both. Blattner especially has a strong history in building wind and now solar and they've proven themselves to be successful in both.
