Matt Birenbaum: Alright. Great. Thanks, Sean. Turning to Slide 9, our lease-ups continue to deliver outstanding results, laying the foundation for strong future growth in both earnings and NAV. We currently have 4 development communities that had active leasing in Q1, all of which started construction early in the pandemic, before rents had started to rise meaningfully. As a general rule, we do not update our projected rents on lease-ups until we open for business and start to gain leasing velocity, at which point, we mark those rents to current market levels. For these four deals, we have seen an increase of $485 per month or 17% above our initial underwriting. This in turn is driving a 70 basis points increase in the yield on these investments to 6.7%, well above current cap rates and even further above the cost of the capital we source to fund these deals, back when they broke ground consistent with our match funding approach. Looking ahead, we expect to start leasing on an additional 7 communities before the end of the year. We have not yet marked the rents on these projects to current market, but in general, the locations in which they’re located have seen similar increases in market rent since we started construction, providing a great opportunity for further lift in their results as well. As shown on Slide 10, with most of our communities – development communities still early in lease up or yet to open, we realized just $10 million of the total projected $142 million in NOI from the entire development booked in Q1. This leaves over $130 million of incremental NOI to come as these assets complete construction stabilize. And as for the prior slide, that total NOI figure is also likely understated, given only 4 of those 18 total projects have been marked to market today. Turning to Slide 11, as we look to future development starts, we are certainly starting to see shifts in the development market in response to the Fed tightening of the past several quarters. Among our competitors, many planned projects are being postponed or abandoned as third-party financing becomes scarce and cut. And some of these drop-laying contracts are starting to come back to the market with much lower pricing expectations. We’ve already been able to take advantage of several of these situations with recent additions to our development rights pipeline, and we do expect to see more as the market adjusts. The slowdown in starts in turn is starting to impact the construction market, where we are finally starting to see some retraction in subcontractor trade pricing after 3 years of outsized increases. An environment where capital is scarce and certainty of execution becomes more critical, both to land sellers and subcontractors, plays well to our strengths as both the developer and the general contractor. And we have traditionally seen some of our most profitable investment opportunities when these more challenging cyclical conditions have prevailed. And with that, I’ll turn it over to Kevin for an update on the balance sheet and the CCC.
Matt Birenbaum: Austin, it’s Matt. I can speak to that a little bit, and Ben maybe want to as well. But – so the good news is we have a – we’re controlling a lot of really good real estate right now for very modest upfront investment. So we’ve kind of been operating the platform in anticipation of a potential opportunity emerging like this really for the last couple of years. And we’ve added quite a lot to our pipeline over the last year or 2. We’re controlling, I think, 40 or 41 potential deals with pretty modest land on our balance sheet. I think it was $180 million. At the end of the quarter, the total investment, including capitalized pursuit cost, is only around $235 million or $240 million. So we have – and a lot of those options are not yet at the point where we have to make a decision about are we going to close? Are we going to – as Ben mentioned, there are some conversations going on with some sellers about these deals were struck in a different environment. So I think we’re well positioned. I wouldn’t say it’s quite there yet. It’s not like development economics are screening value yet. We kind of have to see where asset values settle out, and that’s the other side of this, is what’s going on in the transaction market, which is still pretty muted deal volumes. But we do have the ability to ramp it up if we see that emerging kind of later this year, particularly when we look to next year. The other thing is, as I mentioned, we are starting to see the moderation in hard costs, particularly in some markets where start volume has come down. There are other markets where that’s coming, but it’s not here quite yet. So we’re watching that very closely every day. And that’s the other opportunity that we will see. There are some markets where we think it’s going to come down more. There is other markets where it’s going to take a little more time. But over – particularly the next 4 or 5 months, as we have more deals out in the market actively bidding, we will have a much better sense for where hard costs are going. Because what we’re finding today is if you have a job that you’re going to start in a year and you’re showing preliminary drawns, you’re not getting particularly attractive pricing. But if you have a job that’s truly ready to go, you’ve got a permit in hand, subcontractors can see some early site work and they have a hole in their production schedule, that’s when you’re seeing the more aggressive bid.
Matt Birenbaum: Yes. This is Matt. I guess, I’ll speak to that one. So what we’ve said of cap rates and then our own trading activity, I think what we’re seeing is that there is a bifurcated market. There are a lot of assets that are not trading. Those that are, I would kind of put them into two buckets, kind of the haves and the have nots. The haves, which is highly desirable assets in locations, either markets or submarkets that are on a lot of investors’ lists. For growth, those assets are still trading in the mid-4s cap rates. I think, in fact, I would have – if you’d asked me 90 days ago, I probably would have said high 4s, but – and we do have some assets actively in the market today that hopefully will close during Q2, and we have at least one that’s in that haves category, I would say, that’s probably more of a mid-4 cap rate. Now when I say cap rate, I’m not necessarily talking about the yield. I’m talking about kind of the market convention, the way they report a cap rate, which includes a management fee and a CapEx allowance and the buyer’s property taxes. The other side of the equation is the assets that maybe have a little bit less of a interest that have a less deep pool of bidders. And there, the have nots, you might have one or two that are seriously interested. And there, I’d say cap rates are probably more like low 5s. And so call that range anywhere from 4.5 to 5.25. And we may have an asset or two that’s in that latter category as well that’s currently working in the market. As it relates to our own asset trading activity, our plan for the year was to be net neutral. But to – really, we started last year saying, we were going to sell first and buy seconds. So that to the extent we’re trading out of assets in our established regions into our expansion regions, we would know what the cap rate and pricing was on the asset that we were selling, which in turn would inform our appetite on the buy side. So now we do have a couple of dispositions that are in process. And so we are going to be looking here over the next quarter or two to reinvest that capital into potentially some acquisitions in the expansion regions. So we would expect – I don’t know if anything is going to close on the acquisition side in Q2, but it is our plan to kind of resume that forward trading.
Matt Birenbaum: Yes, John, it’s Matt. It’s – I ask Craig Thomas, my Head of Market Research, that question every month when the permit numbers come out. It is a little bit of a head scratcher. I mean, I think in the fourth quarter, a lot of that was probably capital that was committed and have been lined up. And then a lot of the start – a lot of the permit and even start activity I’ve come to learn is not kind of what we would think of as our product, as much of half of it is other things. Affordable housing production is actually running pretty high right now. There was a lot of one-time money through some of the COVID relief funds, which has gotten out there. So that could be inflating it a bit. But – and in some cases, people may be pulling permits and then getting bids and not liking the numbers they are seeing. But it is a little bit of a head scratcher, I would agree with you.
Matt Birenbaum: Hi, Jamie, it’s Matt. I would expect, it’s probably more of the latter. Usually, portfolio transactions, unless somebody has some kind of – unless they bought a portfolio and put a lot of short-term debt on it all, which would be pretty unusual, our portfolio – usually sellers selling portfolios, it’s more opportunistic. And those things happen when there is an abundance of capital. And go back 3, 4 years, there was kind of a portfolio premium. Today, you talked about – I think, on the last call, there is a portfolio discount just given the capital markets. So we haven’t heard of anything like that. And I guess I’d be a little surprised.
Matt Birenbaum: Yes. This is Matt. The guidance for the year, most of those deals are going to really impact earnings in ‘24 and ‘25 because they are not going to start leasing until later this year. So, we do have lease-up budgets on those deals, which is reflected in the guidance, which does reflect higher rents than kind of what’s shown on the development attachment, but the real lift there isn’t ‘23, it’s ‘24.
Matt Birenbaum: I would say that, that was kind of the point of included in the slide, yes, that if the 17% uplift in rent is roughly comparable to what we have seen across our entire same-store book over that time, if that – if those seven lease-ups experience similar kind of rent growth to kind of what we have seen broadly over that time period. And yes, I mean we would be expecting to see the yields on those deals rise by like roughly similar amount.
Matt Birenbaum: I think it’s just certainty. I mean when you ask somebody to give you a price on a deal you are not going to start for a year, it’s just – they are just giving you an estimate number. It’s not – you can’t take that number to the bank. Anyway, you don’t even – you don’t have final construction drawing. So, you are not contracting at that number. It’s more of an allowance. And so it’s natural for people to say, “Well, here is where I did the last job at.” When you have a job that’s ready to go and it’s like, I need your guys on site in 90 days, that’s when some subcontractors are busy and don’t need the business. And we will give you a – we will not give you a number that’s any better than the number they would have given you 90 days ago. But there are others where, as I have said, maybe they were working on five jobs, they only see two coming up, they have availability, and they are essentially willing to lean into their margins, which got very inflated over the last couple of years when all these subcontractors were stretched beyond their capacity.
Matt Birenbaum: Yes. Hey Alex, it’s Matt. So, we don’t necessarily start with a particular kind of goal in mind. Really what we are looking for is the best risk-adjusted return. And we are taking it as an opportunity in these expansion regions to construct a portfolio from the ground up. And what we found over the last couple of years as we have started our investment there, that we felt like the supply/demand fundamentals and the pricing of the assets was just more attractive in the suburbs. So, if you look at our Denver portfolio, the assets we bought there, they have all been suburban assets. We did develop the one deal in RiNo to a very high development yield. But – so we are going to supplement and ultimately have a diversified portfolio. But we tend to be finding better value in the suburbs, not just better supply-demand fundamentals, but also better pricing until recently, probably higher cap rates as well. So, same thing in Southeast Florida, if you look at where we bought in Southeast Florida, it has tended to be more we bought in Voka [ph]. We bought in Margao. We just recently bought a couple of different assets in Broward County. So, we have tended to find better value there. And we are very mindful of that as we invest. We may develop a little bit in urban areas, if we find a really strong opportunity, but a lot of our development pipeline is also suburban right now. In Denver, we have the one deal under construction in Westminster, and then we have one deal in Governor’s Park, which is more of an urban submarket. But these Sunbelt markets, in the first place is not as much. They are not as urban in the first place. So, I don’t know that there is an urban submarket in all of Raleigh, Durham, in the Downtown Raleigh. And we are not looking at that. So – and in Charlotte, all of our development has been in the suburbs. We did buy the portfolio in the South kind – which is kind of the one urban submarket there that is very, very dynamic. So, I would say that’s the exception. But generally speaking, you are right, it may be a little bit of a different strategy than the way some others have pursued it. And it’s also kind of just more of the way the lifestyle is in a lot of the Sunbelt metros. They just – they don’t necessarily have the same transit orientation. They don’t have the concentration of employment. And a lot of the reason people are moving there is frankly to have more space and have more of that suburban stuff, so.
Matt Birenbaum: Hey, Ami, this is Matt. They are – the way we think about that program is basically we’re allocating the risk differently than on our own development. And so consequently, the target returns are also allocated differently. Our target is for the yield to be roughly halfway between an acquisition and a development. What we found so far, and the few we’ve done is that it’s been higher than that. So the way I would think about it is the yield on those deals is probably going to be 30, 40 basis points less than the yield on if we’ve done the development ourselves, but still probably at least 50, 60 basis points north of where an acquisition yield would be, if not more.
Matt Birenbaum: I would have – this is Matt. I think – and Ben and Sean may want to weigh in as well. It’s really interesting to see these states try to engage in that dialogue about. But one of the things that has really led to the supply constraints that have in turn led to really an underproduction of housing has been local control. And that is a bit of a third rail politically in California, in New York and other states. So it’s interesting to see the state legislatures try to chip away at it. I think you’re right, it’s both, right? It would be an opportunity for us as a developer. If it was really effective in the long run, it might lower the long-term rent growth trajectory of some of those markets. Frankly, from a public policy point of view, that’s kind of would be the point of it. What we’ve seen so far, at least in California, has been every time there is been something that, in theory, would have opened up more sites to development, there is been something else on the other side that’s come with it that has made it a bit of a poison pill. So it has been very difficult to actually effectuate. They say they’ll allow multifamily in your transit, but then they are saying it has to be prevailing wage, construction cost, which is a 20%, 30% premium. And so economically, it doesn’t work. Or they’ll open it up in certain sites, but they need 20%, 25% affordable. And again, you can’t afford the going price for land and make that economics work. So the one place we’ve seen it truly be effective so far has been with the smaller program in California, the ADU accessory dwelling unit. We actually have over 100 of those currently in our pipeline, where we can just add two, three, four, five, six, seven apartments in kind of underutilized storage or parking areas at existing communities and not have to go through its zoning process. So that’s not going to move the needle kind of on the prominent macro level, but that’s one small program we have been able to take advantage of.
Kevin O’Shea: Thanks, Matt. Turning to Slide 12, as we look ahead, our balance sheet remains exceptionally well positioned to provide financial strength and stability while also giving us the flexibility to continue funding attractive growth opportunities across our investment platforms. In this regard, we enjoy low leverage with net debt-to-EBITDA of 4.6x, which is below our target range of 5x to 6x. Our interest coverage ratio and unencumbered NOI percentage are at near record levels at 6.9x and 95%, respectively. And our debt maturities are well laddered, with weighted average years to maturity of about 8 years. In addition, as disclosed in our release, we also enjoyed tremendous liquidity of about $2.8 billion today, with no borrowings under our $2.25 billion unsecured credit facility and an additional $0.5 billion from just having settled our equity forward that we originated a year ago. As a result, we don’t need to tap the capital markets for an extended time, and we are well positioned to lean into our balance sheets to take advantage of future investment opportunities that may emerge in our markets over time. On Slide 13, we highlight our recently announced agreement to provide back-office financial administrative support to Gables Residential’s portfolio of 25,000 apartment homes from our centralized customer care center, which we established in 2007 to create operating and scale efficiencies and supporting our own portfolio while enhancing our resident customer experience. At the outset, I want to acknowledge the efforts of the entire AvalonBay team that brought this business relationship to Gables across the finish line. We highlight this achievement for several reasons. First, because we are genuinely excited to be able to extend these services to a highly respected multifamily company such as Gables and to its residents; second, because this agreement demonstrates the appeal of the innovative capabilities that we’ve created in the 16 years since we established the CCC; and third, because we have embarked on extending those capabilities in a way that allows us to create additional value for AvalonBay shareholders by offering to support services to other institutional multifamily owners now and in the future. As a reminder, we are not offering property management services under our agreement with Gables, nor do we intend to do so. As all business and operational decisions related to AvalonBay’s and Gables’ portfolios will continue to be managed separately by each company, rather we are providing back-office financial administrative support to Gables . And then finally, from an economic and guidance perspective, while we are not disclosing the specific terms of our agreement for confidentiality reasons, the near-term earnings accretion from this agreement is relatively modest and was included in our initial outlook given back in February 2023. With that, I’ll turn it back to Ben for closing comments.
Kevin O’Shea: Sure. Thanks Nick. I’ll start and others, Ben or Sean may want to chime in. In terms of the go-forward view of this, we’re certainly excited to have this agreement in place. And without getting into the specifics of the economics, I mean, the impact is, at the moment, fairly modest, if you just think about the relative size of our business and our main value creators outside of operations and development and so forth. But we are excited to have it in a place that is accretive. There are, from a contribution point of view, healthy margins, for sure, that make this worth the while. As to the future potential, we’re certainly hopeful and inspired to do more business like this, but we are not proactively looking for that new business right now. We’ve just completed this transaction, of course, with Gables. So – but we do hope looking ahead to be able to do more business like this over the time. And we think it does make sense for us to do it because over time, because it allows us to scale and more fully invest over time and an important capability that allows us to further differentiate ourselves from our peers. So there’s a lot more I could go into there, but maybe I’ll just pause there. And I don’t know if Sean or Ben have anything else to add.
Kevin O’Shea: Yes, Eric, let me kind of take a stab at it a little bit. I can’t really give you, I mean, an answer what number of units would have to be under this kind of an arrangement for it to be material. It probably depends on what you think is material, I guess, to some degree. I think the way we look at it is from a slightly different perspective, not the immediate financial impact, but it’s kind of been alluded to what this sort of thing does for us to continue our journey to create the leading operating platform in the business. And so we’re in our 17th year with this experience. And I think that we’re pointing this out probably for two reasons. One, to your question about what this can do, the more you do this for not only yourself but for others, the more you can reinvest in that business create a better platform in and of itself over time, that even draw, for our own sake, when we started, we weren’t at our current size of, whatever, 80,000 apartment homes when we started this in 2007, we were quite a bit smaller. And it has gotten better itself over time. We’ve really fine-tuned and honed the CCC so that it’s substantially better than it was even back in 2007 and 2010 and has done a number of things you can see on the slide here for us over time. I mean one thing it did is when we had the Archstone transaction, we were able to add 20,000 units in 30 days. So that bespoke that speaks to sort of the ability to scale quickly when you’ve got that capability centralized in-house. And the other reason why we think it’s worth highlighting for you, apart from the fact that it is a relatively modest financial significance today, is the fact that a highly respected institutional multifamily owner, such as Gables, by entering the screen with us after its own due diligence on us and our center does provide external validation of the strength and the economic value of the capabilities we’ve created at the CCC over the past 16 years. And we think that’s something that’s worth emphasizing to our investors, given the increasing importance of generating alpha in our operating platform through innovation, which we’re continuing to do across the entire business at this point.
Kevin O’Shea: I feel I’m pretty confident about it. When I look at the starts for the year, we started one in the first quarter. We have one that we’ve just started. It will be a second quarter start, a third one where we have all of our final budgets, and it’s been approved through our investment committee. So that’s 3 of the 7 rate starts we have planned for the year. And when I look at it, the other ones, I’m feeling pretty confident that we should track that, unless something very unexpected happens.
Kevin O’Shea: Yes, sure, Handel. This is Kevin. Well, the amount that we pulled down the equity for was $490 million. And so roughly speaking, that’s the amount that we incrementally invested, and we did so. And latter time deposits with banking partners that are very highly rated, known to us, part of our credit facility syndicate. And so – and the latter-time deposits are essentially mapped to when we think we will be pulling that capital down or need the cash in order to reinvest into development. So, that’s how we have structured that set of the cash investment activity so far. So – and we would retain liquidity to fund development from that source as well as liquidity on our line of credit, so we – of $2.25 billion, where there is nothing drawn. So, we have plenty of ability to respond to new opportunities that may justify an earlier deployment of cash, either from the cash is – the cash we have invested or from our line of credit.
Kevin O’Shea: Alex, this is Kevin. Maybe I will just respond strictly to the insurance aspects of this, and then may Ben or Matt may want to respond to the development implications. But you are spot on with respect to highlighting the self-insurance aspects and really the relative strength of well-capitalized REITs and particularly, residential REITs that absorb this risk as opposed to passing on to commercial tenants. So, having that capability to self-insure has been a helpful thing in recent years as the insurance market has become increasingly challenging. I am not going to get too specific about what’s going on with those property renewal now, because we renew on May 15th, so we are actually in the market for that. But we have, in the past, I would say, 7 years or 8 years, used our wholly-owned regulated captive insurance company in order to be strategic in these property renewals, to mitigate bearing the full impact of market increases in property insurance premiums, to the extent individual insurers have become inefficient in their pricing. And so that has helped keep our insurance costs in the property program to a far lower than market rate of growth. And so for example, last year, total insurance costs, which properties have the biggest piece, grew then by 4% to 5% last year. We do expect a higher level of growth this year in the property program. But as we look at this year’s renewal, we’re likely to be willing to take on more self-retained risk through our captive in order to mitigate inefficient pricing from some of the market participants should that be necessary.
Ben Schall: Alright. Thanks, Kevin. Page 14 summarizes our key takeaways and focus areas. We’re pleased with our start to the year expect our portfolio to outperform as we look ahead; and also mindful that these are the types of environments, particularly in an environment in which capital is generally less abundant in the industry, to selectively take advantage of opportunities in order to create value for shareholders. With that, I’ll now ask the operator to open the line for questions.
Ben Schall: Yes. I think as well, but I’ll add a couple of things, and thanks for the question, Nick. I would connect for you this step as the kind of next continued evolution, both of our operating model journey but as well as the role that the CCC and centralized services are planned for us. And so part of the appeal, in addition to the revenue and profit opportunity with Gables, we are increasingly handling more services, at least in part and at a centralized way. And this relationship allows us to make continued investments. Think about technology, process people that we think can then accrue to the larger platform here at AvalonBay. So it’s a nice next step in our overall operating model journey and we’re excited for this first step and potentially future clients going forward.
Ben Schall: Steve, maybe a little bit more to your question about how is our development approach changing. And we do have a fairly fulsome development rights pipeline. And Matt’s talking about our near-term starts, which are fairly baked at this point. But the next set of deals, right, in that pipeline over the next couple of years, part of what we’re going through right now is very effectively reworking those deals, right, to reflect today’s environment. And given what’s happening with some of our competitors, some of the formerly active developers there, sellers are starting to increasingly acknowledge that the environment has changed. And so that’s leading to land repricing, that’s leading to more attractive terms. It’s allowing us to control high-quality real estate, relatively limited upfront costs. So, all those dynamics continue to run in our direction.
Ben Schall: Yes, Austin. On the first piece, short version of it, there were some existing relationships across the firms, which sort of started the conversations. We then went through a pilot with Gables on a smaller portion of this portfolio to test it, both for them and for us. And on the heels of that, we both decided to proceed given the benefits that were being realized. And then to your last piece, no, this is not an acquisition type of approach or angle here. This is much more focused on operational benefits.
Ben Schall: Two areas I’d emphasize, One, just on the point of our relatively limited land holdings, when you look across our peer set, our landholding numbers is below a number of our peers, despite kind of our ability to execute at higher development levels throughout cycles. So we’ve got some room in there. The second part is in an environment right now, we recognize we need to be selective about that. But in places, it could be markets we know really well, have nearby operating communities, places where we can bring our platform into, we’re finding opportunities there in our expansion markets for some high-quality land deals that are falling out of contract, ability to step in. And yes, there have been a couple of situations where land is getting repriced at 30% to 35%, where it was priced 9 months ago. If we can step in and control that land with relatively limited cost to look out a couple of years, and we think that will accrue some significant benefits.
Ben Schall: I think we are still early. There are more sellers than less who are actually willing to give current contracts to the time, right, extend out and see where it heads. But we are starting to see some situations where deals are breaking. And the two situations I was referring to had buyers who are relatively motivated. And when they are looking at on the landscape, this goes to Matt’s comments about our ability to execute our – that we don’t need to rely on construction financing, right, to execute projects today, those buyers are going to own the margin, look to somebody like AvalonBay to contract to – contract with. So that’s – yes, I’d say that’s the kind of the general environment. Our expectation is that there is more to come. Starts are – we’re expecting to be down substantially this year. And a big part of underlying all of this is you look out at the private market environment and the merchant builders who have been very prolific, their ability to get capital for new construction deals is just very challenging. And the cost of that capital has also expanded out significantly, right? So on a relative basis, this is one of the parts that we’re starting to see. While our cost of capital has gone up or in our cost of debt borrowing has obviously gone up from the 2% range to 5% range, the private market players, if they can get construction financing, those senior mortgages are at 7.5% to 8.5% now, right? And that’s before putting on some preferred equity or mezz and that’s before getting to equity, right? So our relative advantage in a period like this, we think, is we’re relatively well positioned. And so selectively, we’re going to start stepping into some of these types of opportunities.
Ben Schall: John, yes, we haven’t sized it yet at this point. We went through the pilot, as I described. We want to get to our first third-party client fully implemented. We get a little bit further out. We will start thinking about the profile of additional clients and even further down the road, thinking about where it could come, but we are not at that stage yet.
Ben Schall: Yes. I will hit maybe on three areas, and Matt can add in because he and his teams are living and breathing this. First is the development side, which we talked about. Second is on acquisitions, and this gets into – we do think our relative trade, selling out of the established regions and into the expansion regions, is more attractive today. We have got a couple of assets now that hopefully, we will sell over the next couple of months. And so when we look to deploy that capital, the types of situations we can be looking at are could be deals in lease up, right, which are harder to finance for most buyers today, could be a place where we can bring our platform to bear for a particular reason, nearby asset. But generally, in this type of environment we are not doing a ton of buying and selling. On the buy side, we are going to be looking for places where we can add and create some incremental yield on those acquisitions over the first couple of years. And then the third category that I would highlight goes broadly to the theme in a world of capital is less abundant. We believe opportunities will present themselves to us. But it also makes our capital more attractive, right. So, you think about our programs, the developer funding program, our structured investment program. And we look out over that book of business, and we think we have the ability, stronger sponsors, stronger quality real estate, better returns. So, that’s another place where we can selectively put capital to create value.
Ben Schall: Yes. I appreciate that. I would start by emphasizing, I mean this is about this executive team, right. So, we are the ones setting the course for this business over the coming years, and we are looking for ways to continue to drive earnings, profit and ways to differentiate that we think can lead to long-term value creation. A number of the recent announcements, including the DFP and SIP, there have been versions of this that have existed, elements that we are working on. And so we have decided as a team, in certain areas, where we think we can accelerate that activity. And so you have seen that come. In terms of our strategic focus areas, we have communicated this externally and continue to emphasize it internally. First is our operating model transformation and driving margin and value to customers through that. Second is optimizing our portfolio as we grow. And part of that is our movement to the expansion markets and also looking to prune assets out of our established regions. Third is leveraging our development DNA in new ways. And so that gets into our programs like our DFP and our SIP. We don’t talk a lot on this call, but particularly for certain investors, it matters and for associates and increasing our residents, our leadership in ESG. And then the fifth one, we always drive home, and this is what’s special about here is people and culture. So, that’s what – those are what are driving us as we look ahead and I believe will create outperformance for us.
Ben Schall: And then maybe just to add kind of – yes, the higher level regulatory dynamics are influencing our portfolio allocation decisions. It’s been a part of the reason why over the last number of years, we’ve been moving more and more to a suburban-oriented portfolio. And if you see where we’re allocating capital, we’re two-thirds suburban today, probably headed towards three quarters there. It’s influenced our move to the expansion regions, right, at a minimum to diversify away from regulatory environments. And then the reality is, at a more local level based on some of the steps of certain municipalities. And effectively, the bar is higher for allocating new capital there and it’s playing into how we’re shifting capital around our portfolio and within our regions.
Ben Schall: Thank you. Thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We appreciate your support and look forward to speaking with you soon.
Sean Breslin: Yes, Steve, good questions. Maybe I’ll provide a little of a high-level commentary as it relates to renewals versus new move-ins and a little bit about trends. But in the first quarter, what I’d say is if you look at the blend there, renewals were kind of in the high 5s, and new move-ins were sort of in the mid-2% range. And then in April, renewals were sort of in the mid-5s, but new move-in, just given the seasonality of rents, has kind of moved up into the mid-4s, just to give you some perspective there. And our expectation is that consistent with what we talked about on the first quarter call, that we would see the best rent change kind of in the first quarter, and then it would begin to decelerate. But that’s dependent upon what happens with growth and asking rents as we move through the year. So our expectation is still consistent with what we communicated in Q1, is that we would see Q1 perform well, and then we would start to see some moderation, both in rent change and in overall rental revenue growth. And that’s still the expectation. And part of that, you got to have to keep in mind is on a year-over-year basis, the headwind associated with the reduction in rent relief becomes far material as you get into the second and third quarter, and that will create some moderation from a rental revenue growth perspective. But as it relates to rent change, based on what we know today, I would say, as you get further into the second quarter, we would expect that to begin to moderate more so than what obviously we saw in the first quarter.
Sean Breslin: Sure, Adam. This is Sean. Just a couple of comments on that. First, as it relates to bad debt during the quarter, the sort of uncollectible portion from our residents, as we think about a sort of underlying bad debt, came in at around 3%, which is about 22 basis points better than what we anticipated. And that’s the $0.01 that Ben basically spoke about in terms of what we picked up in the first quarter. Moving forward, for the balance of the year, we’re expecting Q2 through Q4 to average roughly 2.7%, starting at about 3% in Q2 and then sort of trending down throughout the year in terms of that underlying sort of bad debt percentage. So that’s how the sort of trajectory looks as you move forward. Different markets are doing different things. We saw some nice improvement in New York – the Greater New York region in the first quarter. It was responsible for about half the variance in the quarter, about third in Southern Cal and then kind of sprinkled across the other markets as well. So overall, we were pleased with what we saw in the first quarter, but it doesn’t necessarily make for a trend just yet, and we will be able to revisit that mid-year once we have a better sense for how things are playing out as we move through the second quarter as well.
Sean Breslin: Adam, what I’d say is anything is possible. I don’t think that is probable based on the resident behavior we have seen thus far. So I would not anticipate that. To the extent that we, all of a sudden, cash started ringing in from people who haven’t paid, that’s not necessarily what we’ve expected in our guidance, it would be a bump. But I would not expect that as a likely outcome.
Sean Breslin: Sure, Chandni. This is Sean. Happy to answer that. First, in terms of Q1 activity, across all the leases we signed in the quarter, which was about 16,000 leases, the average concession is less than $200. So very, very modest. Obviously, more concentrated in certain places. What I would tell you is about 30% of the concession volume that we experienced in the quarter in terms of leases that were captured were spread across Seattle and the Bay Area, particularly in San Francisco. So that’s where most of the volume is, frankly. But if you look at concessions over the last few weeks, just to give you a little more recent data, less than 10% of the transactions that we’re executing are seeing a concession. And again, it’s more concentrated in those two areas, San Francisco and the Pacific Northwest, where in those markets, you’re 30%, 40%, 45% of the leases, depending on submarket or getting some type of a concession. So those are the two places where we’re focused on at the most in terms of moving volume, but it’s not a significant issue elsewhere.
Sean Breslin: Yes. Jim, it’s Sean. What I would say is that, yes, generally, things were in line. The rent change that we experienced in Q1, that’s gave out 10 basis points better than what we anticipated. And if you double click through that and look at urban and suburban, again, very, very nominal variances. Certainly, as we move forward, particularly if we get into an environment that is weaker from an economic standpoint, we do feel very good about our suburban coastal portfolio, given the exposure, new supply is quite a bit less than what we are anticipating in urban environments. So, I would say, kind of as expected right now. But as you look forward, depending on how the environment unfolds, we would probably pivot more towards suburban assets outperforming.
Sean Breslin: Ami, this is Sean. Good question. Obviously, somewhat speculative in nature in terms of what happens. I mean the one thing I would say is that we continue to remain in a relatively tight housing market overall. If you look at the sort of aggregation of multifamily, single-family, etcetera and the ability for people to access the kind of inventory they want, may be more limited, particularly on the single-family side, maybe condos, townhomes, et cetera, in the last couple of years. That does not seem to be likely to correct. So I’d say that’s probably the one macro factor that may put some cap on sort of churn and people that would typically 13%, 14%, 15% that might go buy a home, this past quarter, that was less than 10%. And that’s not likely to get better in the near-term given the financing market, but also just the production in terms of what’s actually being put on the ground. So that’s one factor that may kind of keep a lid on things here for the next several quarters.
