Timothy J. Naughton: Thanks, Tom. I'd like to take a couple of more minutes just to provide an update on our development activity and close with some thoughts on how we view the economics and value creation from our development platform during this cycle. Turning first to recent development activity. Altogether, we currently have 20 communities under construction, located across 6 regions, with a projected capital cost of over $1.6 billion. This reflects the completion of 4 communities with a projected cost of $250 million and the commencement of construction of 4 communities with a projected cost of $310 million in Q2. The average projected yield for communities under construction today stands at around 7%. Year-to-date, we have started 5 communities totaling $430 million and we anticipate starting another 9 communities totaling $700 million by year end, bringing total starts for the year to roughly $1.1 billion. And by year end, we expect to have approximately $2 billion under construction. Meanwhile, we continue to expand the company's development pipeline with another 3 projects totaling $275 million added in Q2 and almost $600 million in development rights added year-to-date. We now have 33 communities in our shadow development rights pipeline, representing $2.8 billion in future development opportunities in addition to the $1.6 billion under construction. As for our lease-ups, performance continues to be strong. We currently have 10 communities in lease-up, and for these communities, the average lease rent is about $80 higher than pro forma, resulting in projected stabilized yields of approximately 40 to 50 basis points greater than pro forma. There's something [ph] I'd like to share some thoughts on our development platform and how it contributes to our ability to grow net asset value over the long term. Since the company first went public in the early '90s, we believe that a carefully managed and properly funded development platform will provide a distinctly attractive way to enhance net asset value for our shareholders over the full business cycle. This is because development offers the opportunity to invest in new communities at stabilized yields that are historically, on average, 150 to 200 basis points higher than the prevailing cap rate at which existing communities can be acquired. As many of our long-term investors know, the value created by our development platform is often obscured by traditional earnings metrics such as FFO multiples. This is even more pronounced at a time when we are ramping up volume and development economics are particularly attractive, as is the case today. In fact, currently, we have almost $1.5 billion invested in mostly non-income-producing assets in the form of construction in progress, land held for development, pursued [ph] cost and recent completions that are not yet stabilized. In addition, when this investment is ultimately converted into stabilized income-producing assets with yields in the 7% range, valuations that rely on simplistic FFO metrics during this part of the cycle distort estimates and do not properly reflect the true intrinsic value of the company. However, longer-term analysis of our track record reveals more clearly the benefits of our development focus. In addition to decisions about market selection, capital allocation, as well as our management efforts, we believe that our focus on development is an important reason why we've been able to deliver outside annualized growth and NAV per share over the last 10 years of 11% as compared with 7% for our peers. It's also the reason why over the same period we've been able to generate outperformance in shareholder returns, annualized of 16% versus a peer average of 12% and grow our dividend by a total of 40% while the peer average has declined by 16% over the same period. Today, the profit spread on new development is at or near an all-time high, both in absolute and relative terms. Currently, the spread is 200-plus basis points or about 50% higher than the cap rates at which similar quality product can be bought in our markets. By capturing the spread on the approximate $4 billion and construction starts since 2010 and planned through 2013, we anticipate creating around $20 in incremental NAV per share across the earlier part of the business cycle through our development platform, enhancing the attractive returns we'd otherwise expect to provide to our shareholders by investing in some of the best apartment markets in the country. So in summary, our portfolio continues to deliver strong NOI growth across every region. Our lease-up communities continue to outperform expectation. With strong operating development platforms and a balance sheet position to fund our growth, we remain well positioned to deliver outside earnings and NAV growth over the next several years. And with that, operator, we'd like to open up the call to Q&A.
Timothy J. Naughton: Rob, we have seen a little bit of pressure on the cost in the construction side, and I think we talked a little bit about this last quarter. I think what we're seeing today is still consistent with that, where costs have maybe come back about 1/3 from how much they had declined from the prior peak. So costs depending upon the market and product type of costs were down 15% to 25% from the peak. Today, they're down maybe 10% to 15%.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, we had been seeing pressure in some commodity costs. We've seen some relief in certain costs lately, but I don't know that it's pronounced and concentrated in any one area at this point.
Timothy J. Naughton: For the most part, the answer is no, we haven't been tying up sites lately that are going to be ready, say, over the next year that are entitled. I'd say the majority of them require some kind of entitlement or re-entitlement. As we've mentioned on our last couple of calls, sites that are ready to go tend to be bid up in auction oftentimes to merchant builders who are looking to accelerate fee income streams, if you will. And so we really have shifted our focus in increasing -- in our increasing and shifting our focus towards sites that are likely to be optioned, take 2 to 3 years to get through the process where the competitive dynamics aren't quite as intense.
Timothy J. Naughton: In terms of both acquisitions and land, we're only looking for assets and opportunities in our existing markets. We're not looking to extend our footprint at this point.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes, just to refresh everyone's memory, when we state development yields, they generally don't change from the time which we start construction until the time we start leasing, which oftentimes is 9 months to over 1 year. And generally, what we have been seeing over the last year, 1.5 years, is that rents have been moving consistent with overall market rents during that period of time. So I was quoting that rents were up $80 on those deals that we started to lease up. That's about 4% -- 4% or 5% up from the time that we actually started construction for that basket of assets. So generally, we would expect communities that are going to be starting to lease up here over the next couple of quarters to reflect rents that are up a bit from how we underwrote them at the time we actually started construction.
Timothy J. Naughton: Certainly, there is for the 10 communities that are at lease up. We would expect the same would be true just based upon the transfer contingency in the marketplace, as Sean outlined, in terms of new movements and renewals that we're seeing.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, Eric, it's always a function of just the competitive dynamics as well as what's happening more broadly in the economy and what's going on with land and construction costs, so it's an interplay of a number of different factors. I can't say the deals that we're putting under contract today and they're getting through due diligence, they are exhibiting similar economics to those deals that are actually under construction, both in terms of average cost per unit or projected cost per unit and yields. Generally kind of in the 6 and -- call it, 6.75% range, maybe low 6% range on the West Coast and 7% range on the East Coast, roughly averaging around high 6%. So it depends a bit on the cycle. In the '90s, we were able to develop accretively from the time we went public in late '93 all the way through to 2001. So we had about a 7-, 8-year run there. I would tell you in this last cycle, it more or less mirrored the economic cycle where it was maybe 4 years where we had a nice run from about '04 to '07.
Timothy J. Naughton: This is Tim. No, not really. I mean, when we do look at -- we look at a couple of different return metrics. We do look at initially yield, and that's generally what we talk to the investment and analyst community about. But we also look at IRRs. So we have targets for both, and they tend to be -- they are tied very much to our cost of capital and where we view we're at right now both from a real estate cycle and the capital market cycle. Given that -- given Tom's remarks that we've largely been matched funding, we don't always see a need to increase our target yields as long as we're not mismatching the funding by 1 year or 2 years from the time we're actually making the commitment.
Timothy J. Naughton: Rich, Tim here. I think there's probably a couple of reasons. One, I think this last downcycle wasn't as deep as the prior downcycle, that's for one. So typically the peaks are somewhat of a function of the prior trough.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes, but the trough was actually deeper in early 2000s and then as you came back to the peak in 2006, it usually has a bigger bounce since there'd been a -- it was a shallower trough this last time. That's one thing, and I would say inflation is just lower too and rents aren't any different than any other kind of consumer product or durable good where they're oftentimes seem somewhat tethered to levels of inflation. So 5.75 is arguably 400 basis points or so above where inflation levels have been. And I think that spread is actually pretty compelling relative to even past trends that we've seen.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, I mean, clearly for us, development is a better use of capital today than acquisitions. And as cap rates have continued to get bid down and yet our development yields are going up arguably, development's a better use of capital. But for us,, whether we're net acquirer or a net seller, it's also somewhat a function of other sources of capital and how disposition is priced relative to other sources of capital, with debt and equity being as attractive as they are right now relative to where we were back when we were putting together our plan. For us, it's just argues to be more neutral than a net acquirer today.
Timothy J. Naughton: I don't have the actual land acquisitions right in front me to tell you exactly where they're at. I have the development rights that we secured in Q2, which we had 3 development rights. And those were in New Jersey and Southern California, but I don't have the land parcel in front of me.
Timothy J. Naughton: This is Tim. Generally, on the development and the Class A and the more expensive or higher rent communities, generally, the rent-to-income is actually lower than the portfolio average. So the portfolio average is, call it, 20%. We're just underneath that today. It maybe 17% or 18% for the development portfolio. And for the more moderate income communities, it may be closer to, call it, 22%, 23%. So that relationship tends to hold up through the -- over time across markets and through the cycle.
Timothy J. Naughton: Paula, Tim here. It's not unusual that we finish 1 month or 2 early from our original schedules. As we just get into the production part of the construction schedule we're really -- all the site work is done, all the amenities are done and you're just really -- you're really just finishing buildings. Oftentimes, you pick up some time as the subs just get familiar with the product and cycle times just come down. So it's not unusual. But it's usually 1 month or 2. It's usually not 4 or 5 months just to put it in perspective.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes, it's a fair question. Really, each region, each market, each deal really has a unique target yield in terms of how we look at development. Typically, the West Coast has been characterized by higher growth markets and so you generally get more of your return through growth as opposed to the initial coupon, if you will. So oftentimes, whether it's a cap rate on an acquisition or a yield on a new development, 50 to 100 basis points is not unusual at all where those with pro forma out to. And would also be consistent with our targets. So if a typical development yield just had a target IRR of, call it, 10% on the East Coast, it may come through 7% on the initial coupon, then 2.5%, 3% on growth. And on the West Coast, it may come -- come through 6% on the initial coupon, then 3.5%, 4% on cash flow growth over time. So it's really that, that drives it more than anything. And I think you asked about the specific yields across regions. In New England, they'd be in the 7%-plus range; New York would probably be more like West Coast, 6%, 6.25%, typically in terms of urban. New Jersey would be more similar to New England, 7% plus; mid-Atlantic is probably mid- to high-6s. And then on the West Coast, California markets would be in the 6% range; Seattle, more like mid-Atlantic, call it 6.5%, 6.75%.
Timothy J. Naughton: No. I was referencing the $4 billion that were already started since the beginning of the cycle, call it 2010, and we're anticipating starting before by the end of 2013. So of that $4 billion, if you've got 50% sort of profit embedded in that or projected to have be embedded in that, that's where you get the $2 billion -- you get about $2 billion, roughly on a 100 million shares gets you to the $20 per share.
Timothy J. Naughton: Mike, Tim here. First on entitlement, no, not necessarily seeing that it'd be any more difficult than it normally is in our markets in part because there's really nothing else going on in terms of the other asset classes or other property sectors. It's still -- on the title side, it's still a long road in our markets and an expensive proposition, but we're not seeing the kind of antigrowth sentiment you might expect to see sort of at peak times in the cycle. In terms of the most attractive opportunity, I'd say it's more of a mix than it has been. Clearly, in the last decade, urban infill outperforms suburban in most of our markets, and I think that has attracted a fair bit of capital, and you are seeing some of the development opportunities start to stack up in those kind of locations. So in certain markets, it's caused us to pivot a bit in terms of looking more at the suburban opportunities. But if you cut across all of our markets, I'd say it's more of a mixed program between urban and suburban. And as we said many times before, we're agnostic in terms of how we create value in these markets. We believe in the structural advantages that our markets have. But at times, it makes sense to play in certain submarkets versus others. And so the same is true with respect to how the development opportunities we choose.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes, Mike, Tim again here. I think it's going to be a while before we really can talk about the financial benefit of the branding strategy. I think what I can tell you is that in the assets that we have rebranded or brought to market in the case of the new brands, Eaves and AVA, it really appears that both the customers and prospects alike are reflecting the target customer that we have targeted for that brand and thought that's really the first test for people coming in the door and the people actually leasing. We actually type them relative to how they answer particular questions. But to the extent they hit that -- they fall in those target customer segments that the brand was intended for, that's the first sign you look for in terms of whether or not you're going to be able to deliver value through the brand framework, if you will. And so far so good on that with respect to both AVA and Eaves. We have a little bit more operating experience so far with the AVA brand than we do the Eaves, but both brands seem to be resonating with both prospects and customers at this point.
Timothy J. Naughton: I think in terms of target returns, probably, probably matching some of the drift-down that you've seen on the acquisition side. I think Sean mentioned core deals, unlevered IRRs in the 6% to 7% range. That's probably, I don't know Sean, 75 to 100 basis points inside of what people were looking at a year ago. I think you're probably seeing some similar trends, particularly on the entitled side, Mike, for development opportunities. So if guys were chasing 11% unlevered IRRs, maybe today they're chasing 9.5% to 10% unlevered IRRs on development.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, thank you, operator, and thanks for being on our second quarter call. I hope all of you enjoy the rest of your summer, and we look forward to seeing you some time in the fall.
Sean J. Breslin: Rob, this is Sean. In terms of Fund I activity, we did up the range, and I believe we have about 17 assets left in that fund. We plan to exit to be somewhere, depending on what gets executed or doesn't get executed, somewhere in the range of 3 to 4 assets. So it'd bring it down to somewhere in the neighborhood of 13, 14 assets, somewhere in that vicinity, which would represent, have to look at the numbers, I think it's probably around, it's about $400 million or so left to go, which would be spread over the rest of '13 and '14.
Sean J. Breslin: Sure, Rob. Good question. A couple of comments on that. First is the majority of those assets have secured debt against them, so we do factor in the prepayment multi-costs so we're looking at when the debt matures, what the cost is as one part of the decision-making process. But we also have some assets in markets where NOI growth is still pretty robust. And so we'll take a look at sensitivities about what we think that NOI growth might look like relative to the change in cap rate that could occur and sort of determine the optimal time to sell those assets. So sort of blending both of those things. The prepayment penalties, as well as the asset specific NOI growth and potential valuation changes.
Sean J. Breslin: Jana, this is Sean. What you stated is true. Typically, we start to ramp up rents in the first quarter and push them through the summer months and just depending on what year we're in, things will move around a little bit. But we're not seeing much of a different trend this year in terms of sort of the sweet spot of the year, if you want to consider that the right phrase. I think what we're seeing this year is consistent what we've seen in years past in terms of the window throughout the year that we can push around.
Sean J. Breslin: The numbers for July which were renewals in the high 5s and move-ins in the low 5s are relatively consistent with what we saw moving through the second quarter.
Sean J. Breslin: David, this is Sean. As I mentioned, the August and September numbers are going out in the high 5% to mid-6% range. And as we go throughout the year, when we go through and handle revenue management, it is, if you think of the process sort of weekly, the pushing and pulling based on different markets in terms of where we can push rents, where we need to pull back to gain some occupancy and that continues to happen throughout the entire year, frankly. But as I mentioned earlier, we tend to push seasonally where you can see it from the first quarter through the early part of the third quarter, to get through August and September. And then new move-in changes tend to back off a little bit. So that seasonal pattern would be the same this year would be our expectation. But based on the renewals that are going out and the fact that, as of right now, we're basically sitting at economic occupancy of, call it, 96%, which is above the second quarter average and availability is down to 5%, which is the lowest point of the year, we would be pushing hard as we look forward here on new move-ins to see where that limit is and then dial back. So it's hard to give you a specific conclusion at this point other than the portfolio is well positioned today to push hard through the next quarter, and we'll see how things respond.
Sean J. Breslin: Derek, this is Sean. Typically, what we see over the cycles, and this is going back quite a ways, is that as you get into particularly the earlier part of the upcycle, As tend to outperform Bs. And then when you get to a point where supply starts to materialize, it tends to soften the growth rate on As to a certain degree. But if you look at sort of currently where we are over the last 4 quarters, for our portfolio specifically, As have outperformed Bs to the extent of about 230 basis points on the east and about 180 basis points on the west. Now one thing to keep in mind there is that our sample size in terms of the B portfolio is relatively small. So we do look at third-party benchmarks whether it be REITs or Axiometrics to see what's happening in the market in general. And the trend seems to be consistent when you look at the third-party providers in terms of their results versus ours, where in most markets As are outperforming Bs. But you have to sort of dig under the covers a little bit to figure out whether it's just a class difference that's really driving the performance or whether it tends to be specific submarket locations as well. So it's sort of a blanket statement that last 4 quarters As are outperforming Bs. But regional differences also drive that as well.
Sean J. Breslin: Not necessarily in our portfolio, but again it's a pretty small sample size. I mean, we look at the third-party data, some of the exceptions are Bs seem to be doing better in L.A., San Diego and Long Island. But the differences aren't necessarily that material.
Sean J. Breslin: Sure. In terms of, you're talking about rent increases specifically, for the whole portfolio, second quarter was about 18%, which is actually down about 100 basis points compared to last year. It is up above long-term averages, which are closer to about 10%. And in terms of pressure from a regional point of view, there's not material changes year-over-year. Southern Cal is up a little bit, a couple of points. New York, New Jersey, the mid-Atlantic were down 4% or 5%. In terms of your specific question about Northern California, it's running close to 27%, 28% and is well above its long-term averages. But we continue to have plenty of traffic coming through to support higher rent growth. And one of the things that we are seeing is just the profile of our residents and the incomes that they're generating. If you look at some of the high-growth markets now in Northern California and Seattle, take Seattle is an example, if you look at new lease income on a year-over-year basis in the second quarter, households moving into our apartments, their incomes were up 14% on a year-over-year basis in Seattle, which is pretty strong, and we're seeing strong growth in Northern California as well. So even though we are seeing people make decisions to move out due to financial reasons, a market like Northern California, that tends to happen where you have people that have moved closer in to San Jose or, say, San Francisco that start to get priced out, and they do move out to some of the East Bay markets where they can take BART or some of the South San Jose markets as well, which provides them with easier access now that the 87 Freeway is open. So we do see a sort of a laddering effect or a domino effect in terms of people moving out. But the core of the group coming in is coming in with pretty high incomes, and it's being supported by the level of traffic that we need to hold the occupancy.
Sean J. Breslin: Andrew, this is Sean. Not anything material that showed up in our resident profile reports that we look at that would be worth talking about in detail. Not at this point, no.
Sean J. Breslin: Philip, this is Sean. The answer is no. There's no material change, and we have sort of a category that reflects people using lease breaks, skips, evictions, et cetera and it's been pretty flat. They're running about 5%. It's actually down 1% year-over-year. Certainly, down from the peak that we had during the great recession where we saw more of that, people breaking leases and either skipping or having to be evicted due to financial reasons. So we're pretty stable over the past year, though.
Sean J. Breslin: Paula, this is Sean. In aggregate, the answer is no. Second quarter is about 14%, 14.5%, I think as Tim mentioned in his prepared remarks. It's up about a point year-over-year, but not terribly material. Regional, we are seeing some differences by region, of course. I think also as Tim mentioned, Boston has trended up a bit. It's up about 5% on a year-over-year basis as is Seattle and San Jose, which is somewhat to be expected in the incomes that are generating -- or excuse me, in the markets that are generating better income growth and capital gains being invested in homes versus some other markets it's trending down. So net-net, for the overall portfolio, it's about the same but there are differences up and down from region to region.
Sean J. Breslin: Dave, this is Sean. In terms of spreads, overall, to put it in the context, historically, those numbers run anywhere from 60 to 70 basis points. But it does depend on where we are in the cycle. So if we're pushing harder sometimes in the market, they'll get a little bit wider and vice versa. So it's hard to pinpoint it precisely. But I think if you use somewhere in the neighborhood of 75 to 100 basis points on average, that wouldn't be off terribly.
Sean J. Breslin: For August and September, it's high 5s to mid-6s is where they're going out. And based on availability where we are now, et cetera, I think, we'll certainly come off of that. But it's yet to be seen as where we'll end up. So I can't really give you a precise range. I can just sort of give you what we've experienced in the past.
Sean J. Breslin: In D.C. Metro, overall, we are looking at opportunities. I wouldn't say that we're really bidding on them though. When we lay out our plan for the year, we take a look at where we are in the sort of fundamental apartment cycle for each market, where pricing is and what our expectations are for NOI growth in the near term and the long term, of course, but particularly the near term, and try to decide whether we think it's an opportunistic window to acquire assets in one market versus another. And at this point, based on what we've seen in pricing trends, we have not been an active bidder in the D.C. region. So that will change probably at some point, but that's not one of our target markets at this point in time.
Sean J. Breslin: Not necessarily, no. Like I said, we're not bidding heavily, but what we have seen seems to be relatively aggressive, particularly on the private side where borrowing costs are still very, very inexpensive by historical measures. So people seem to still feel pretty good about D.C. overall. And most of the supply that's coming into this market hasn't started delivering yet. They'll be delivering in the last half of this year, going into next year. And that's when you may start to see some adjustment, but yet to be told. It depends on how the demand side holds up and what NOI growth looks like.
Sean J. Breslin: Karin, just in terms of recent performance, to make a few comments there, and then if Tim wants to chime in on the investment side, that's fine as well. But we have been, probably, as our peers have been, somewhat disappointed in the job growth numbers that have been coming out of Southern California in general. You mentioned L.A. and Orange County specifically, trailing 6 months job growth has been less than 50 basis points, like 24%. The forecast is for it to tick back up in the second half of '12 and end the year closer to about 1%. L.A. pretty broad, broadly diversified economy, driven heavily by the ports, which is really a retail trade activity. And so we need to see some acceleration in some of those demand drivers before we can get better apartment demand, of course. I mean, what has been helpful there is on the supply side, has been close to 0 for the most part. There is a couple little pockets where there is some supply but it's been at very, very low levels. And in terms of portfolio performance, that's helped offset some of the softness in demand. I mean, a good thing is turnover numbers are not terribly different in those markets from where they were. We are seeing a little bit of an uplift in home sales in Orange County as they burn through some of the inventory, and single-family inventories are pretty low levels now. So we're starting to get to a point we're starting to see some price movements. So for example, in Orange County, home sales are up about 20%. And in our areas of Orange County, the submarkets we're in specifically, there tends to be even less inventory than the county on average. So that's going to continue to put some pressure, I think, and start to see escalation in pricing in those submarkets. So we're starting to see signs that things are working in our direction, bad debt coming down, et cetera. But just we need more of a broader economic recovery for it to sort of kick in. So all the signs are there, the green shoots as people sometimes say. And hopefully, we can see it come around. I mean, we did get some good news out of San Diego in the second quarter with 2 carriers came in, which is about 6,000 people in San Diego, which is a pretty big number. One of those was originally from Washington State and will be permanently parked in San Diego now, which is helpful. So we're starting to see some signs. It's just the whole picture hasn't come quite together just yet.
