Ben Schall: Thank you, Tim. We wanted to start the call today as a team and an organization by expressing our gratitude and acknowledging Tim for his contributions to the company and the industry over the last 32 years. AvalonBay would not be the company it is today without Tim's strategic leadership, which is deeply intertwined with the company's history and evolution into one of the preeminent real estate companies in the U.S., its exceptional track record of value creation and its inclusive culture focused on continuous improvement. In addition to overseeing AvalonBay's tremendous growth and positioning us as an industry leader, Tim has also had a major influence on the evolution of the multifamily industry and the broader REIT sector during his career. And throughout all of these accomplishments and successes in what is one of Tim's most admirable attributes as a leader and a person, Tim never made it about him. His focus has always been on others, the positive impact he could have on people, the impact that AvalonBay could have in our communities and how he could lead by fostering and reinforcing our evergreen culture and strong organizational values. On behalf of all of those that have been part of AvalonBay and all of us at the company today, thank you, Tim.
Ben Schall: Thanks, Sean. As shown on Slide 14, these strong operating trends are also translating into outperformance for our 6 development projects currently in lease-up with lease rates up $180 per unit and with projected yields up 30 basis points to 6%, driving further value and earnings. Turning to Slide 15. Our total current development portfolio is poised to deliver meaningful incremental NOI and NAV growth over the coming quarters. Specifically, these projects are projected to generate $145 million of NOI upon stabilization, of which only $26 million is in place today on an annualized basis. These communities are slated to generate $1.2 billion of net value above our costs or close to $9 per share of NAV and meaningful earnings growth. As further highlighted on Slide 16, our industry-leading development platform has created significant value throughout various cycles with consistently strong spreads between development yields and market cap rates, which today sits at a spread of roughly 210 basis points. As we look forward over the coming years, our existing development rights pipeline totals $3 billion of potential projects. Lining us up well for a strong pace of continued profitable development. Turning to Slide 17. Our 4 new expansion markets in addition to our continued growth in Southeast Florida and Denver provide us with meaningful additional growth opportunities as well as the ability to optimize our overall portfolio over time. This slide provides the high-level framework we utilize to evaluate markets and that drive portfolio allocation decisions across our existing markets and our expansion markets. At the top of the list, our focus remains on being a best-in-class developer and operator in markets that over-indexed to knowledge-based employment, which we expect to experience outsized job and wage growth. We also continue to believe that markets with a high cost of home ownership, create an attractive rent versus own backdrop for our product offering. While our expansion markets generally have lower home prices than our existing markets, the rise in home prices, particularly in certain submarkets in these areas create similar positive dynamics for future rental growth. We remain closely attuned to the regulatory environment in each of our markets with local land use restrictions, creating certain favorable barriers to new supply in our existing markets, providing opportunities for our development teams to leverage our long-standing relationships to unlock development opportunities. These coastal markets have, however, seen an increase in landlord tenant regulations, and our expansion into new markets is partially driven by our desire to diversify our regulatory exposure. And the fourth factor highlighted here, public infrastructure and cultural amenities is our proxy for the overall quality of life that large knowledge-based employers and our type of customers will continue to seek out. This thematic framework is, in turn, supported by our proprietary market research, which shapes our market and submarket capital allocation decisions as we drive long-term value. Slide 18 highlights the characteristics supporting growth in our recently announced expansion markets and what we believe positions these markets well in the long term. As we enter these markets, our focus is on creating long-term value by exporting our development and operational acumen as well as our culture to an expanded set of opportunities. And to wrap up, we believe that we are well positioned to outperform as we head into 2022, a favorable macro backdrop, including continued job and wage growth, declining affordability of for-sale housing, a full of return to offices, particularly benefiting the one-third of our portfolio in urban environments and a relatively stable supply forecast in overall AVB markets should provide a strong tailwind. Our embedded growth in of lease along with the benefit of concessions and bad debt normalizing over time should be key drivers of revenue next year. Our operating initiatives are on track to deliver significant margin expansion and serve as one of our drivers of earnings growth over the coming 2 to 3 years. Our development platform is also poised to deliver meaningful value and earnings growth with a development rights pipeline of $3 billion and with development yields substantially above stabilized cap rates and our cost of capital. Finally, our expansion markets provide a broader set of opportunities to leverage our platform for growth. We're excited for the growth opportunities ahead of us. And with that, I'll turn it to the operator to open the line for questions.
Ben Schall: Yes, Brad, good question. I mean, it is correct that we have seen a more modest seasonal adjustment, and we typically would experience historically. If you go back 2 or 3 years kind of pre-pandemic and kind of look at where September rents are relative to the peak rent during the summer in the various regions, which each one peaks at a slightly different time, but just call it the middle of the summer and kind of where it comes down to September relative to this year. Historically, we see about a 2.5% decline from peak to September averages. This year, it's only about 90 basis points in terms of what we've seen in terms of that softness in asking rents, which ultimately impacts move-in rents. So it's about one-thirds of what's normal. And it's pretty widespread across our markets as it relates to the seasonality being less than historical averages. It's hard to speak to the portfolio of our peers, specifically what may be impacting them. But certainly, as we look at our portfolio, we feel good about the fact that the rate of decline has been far less than historical norms. So we'll see how it plays out as we get through the end of the year. It could be just timing differences among the different companies. And it's really a submarket-by-submarket issue that you have to look at. So it's hard to decide for the others in terms of what their real conclusion is.
Ben Schall: Yes. I mean there's a number of different factors kind of driving the timing from quarter-to-quarter, which is a pretty kind of detailed road map. Why don't I ask Jason to follow up with you on that 1 offline as opposed to getting into the. I mean a lot of it is timing of different projects and when they hit what we expect turnover to be and various things like that to sort of come through leasing activity, the impact on bonus. There's a lot of different things that sort of drive that number in terms of the quarter-to-quarter cadence.
Sean Breslin: Rich, it's Sean. And good question, of course. Yes, what I would say on the loss to lease is in a normal year, so to speak, as part of what you can say is that there's probably anywhere between 15% to 20% of our portfolio that's somewhat constrained in capturing that loss to lease or the delta between the existing rents and the market rent based on the regulatory environment that's in place. And the typical examples are the rent rates in New York, in D.C., we have an asset in San Francisco, 1 in L.A., et cetera, et cetera. In the current environment, given the, call it, the COVID overlay, that total percentage of the portfolio that is somewhat encumbered at least for the short run, is probably closer to about one-third of the portfolio where there are some rent caps in place in various other jurisdictions that limit the ability to capture that. The question is when some of those additional or incremental restriction -- restrictions expire, which is TBD at this point in time. The 1 that's probably the most significant is the state of emergency cap in California, which is constraining probably, for the most part, renewals in places like San Diego and Orange County, which have experienced pretty robust growth. So the way I would think about it is you have the incremental piece that I talked about, so call it totally one-third that is probably constrained, at least in the near term, how that sort of burns off from one-third back to 15%, 20% during 2022 as a TBD. And then also just factoring in the distribution of lease expectations is the other fact that you have to consider as you kind of run through your model.
Sean Breslin: Yes. Nick, it's Sean. Good question. And I think when you talk about the regulatory environment, there are pros and cons to it. So if you maybe start with sort of our coastal market footprint that we've had for a long period of time. Part of the reason we have been so successful in creating value through the development pipeline is there is a very difficult regulatory environment to work your way through to actually get development entitled and delivered into those submarkets. So it's been to our benefit historically. Obviously, the more active is the jurisdictions become as it relates to landlord tenants and rent-oriented things become slightly more risky for us, of course. In terms of the expansion markets, there are not as many constraints on development, although there are places within those regions that are a little more sensitive to development and have somewhat more constraints, but in general, slightly -- were favorable in terms of development, of course. And in terms of evaluating the risk on sort of the landlord tenant side and the rent side, it is a jurisdiction-by-jurisdiction assessment. For example, if you think of our legacy markets, we feel pretty good about Washington state overall, not so good about the city of Seattle. So when you go through some of these markets, for example, in Texas, you look at overall, feel pretty good generally speaking about that environment. Austin, there are some more regulatory constraints in the suburban environments as it relates to land use and the watershed and things like that. So overall, we think the regulatory environment certainly is to our benefit in those markets, but there are places where you have to still work with -- and overall, the landlord tenant, the rent control side, we think the risk is definitely lower than our legacy markets, but it's not without any risk the way I describe it.
Sean Breslin: Yes, Rich, good question. I'm not sure we're prepared to I'll call it a lead horse just yet. The way I think about it is kind of the way you described in terms of looking at job growth, supply growth, all the macro factors that we all consider. And I think what we -- the reason we're going into these markets is while we certainly see more supply growth in these markets, say, in the 3% range, if you talk about Denver Southeast Florida, they also produce a lot more jobs and have benefited from much more significant in migration as opposed to the coastal markets, which have typically benefited historically from immigration. So I think when we look through it, I mean, at the end of the day, when we look at our portfolio, we still expect a very significant portion of our portfolio to be in our sort of legacy coastal markets. But for all the reasons that Ben talked about in his prepared remarks related to where we see kind of knowledge-based workers growing. It's growing in our legacy markets. It's also growing in some of these mid-cap knowledge markets, there's more supply, for sure, but you definitely see the demand that more that consumes that. So I think the question is really the supply get maybe too much in front of that in some of these Sunbelt markets where we've seen significant growth the last 18 months? Or does that come back in the check. I think that will dictate kind of how the rent growth equation comes out across the expansion markets versus our coastal markets. But we believe in both, and they may not grow at the same pace at the same time. But over the long run, we feel good about the rent growth that we'll see across the entire footprint.
Sean Breslin: Good question, John. At the portfolio level, it has not changed materially going through COVID, but has dipped a little bit, which is something you might expect. In terms of sort of recent quarter leasing activity, -- That 1 I have to follow up with you on. I don't have that off the top of my head. But the overall percentage of the population with the third quarter, I think it was down maybe 150 basis points from historical averages. So not a material move. But it doesn't mean that it hasn't changed in certain submarkets. We have heard about that a little bit, particularly in the context of major urban cities that are home to significant university where they've tried to sort of densify the dorm, so to speak. So there's not as many roommates and pushing people out to sort of market rate housing which is helping to support demand in these markets. But the specific nuance the last couple of quarters that I have to back.
Sean Breslin: Yes. Good question. I can take some of that, and there's some ESG things that Matt can talk about that potentially out there on the horizon in the context of the regulatory environment, there are definitely some issues. I wouldn't call it really broad-based, John, that are sort of getting into how we operate buildings. There have always been issues about checking things in New York City as an example, in terms of a inspections and stuff like that. That's ongoing. The balcony issue in California has come at some expense. But mainly, it's an inspection issue. That was originally pushed by the unions. And so yes, people are spending a little bit of money on inspections, but it's not clear that there's a mandate that you have to do X, Y or Z repairs within a very short time frame. So over a longer period of time, it may move the needle a little bit. But at least based on what's out there today, as it relates to physical inspections and ongoing remediation, I wouldn't expect it to be a big driver probably the bigger issues are more on the construction side as it relates to some of the green things that may come through ESG efforts that are sort of a broader envelope of other things that are coming through in various jurisdictions.
Sean Breslin: That's a good question. It hasn't softened as much. We've seen a little bit of softness. It's probably hard to tell on that chart, but it has been less near the market. It's going to be less than historical norms. I mentioned there's a number of reasons that we've got out there. I mean it's been a pretty robust market in terms of job growth the last 6 months. A lot of the travel, entertainment businesses coming back online. The content producers in the media space have been on overdrive producing content. So the market has had a pretty robust recovery. So how long that is sustainable, we'll wait to see how things kind of play out next year as it relates to all the macro variables that we think about. But the outlook for Southern California is pretty healthy given very low expected volume of multifamily supply next year, the lowest of any of our coastal markets, pretty healthy job growth and a very tight for-sale market -- both for rent and for sale. So there are a number of reasons why the general outlook for Southern California is pretty good.
Sean Breslin: Just to add on to that, maybe one other comment. Based on what we've seen at the test community, the concept community we have today, rent-to-income ratios are pretty similar to our portfolio in the Suburban Maryland market. And so if you think about -- if you get equivalent rent growth, higher margins because you don't have the same operating costs, you don't have the same, ultimately, CapEx costs as well, NOI growth could potentially be even stronger to the extent you have similar rent growth.
Sean Breslin: Yes. I mean the key point is there room beyond the existing loss to lease. I mean the macro environment is such that there is good pricing power. And as Ben pointed out in his prepared remarks, there's still a number of things out there from a macro standpoint that should continue to benefit rental demand in both our urban and suburban submarkets. I mean if you think about it, that 7% is kind of a blended number. But as you pointed out, in the urban submarkets, it's still trending slightly below 2019 levels. Urban occupancy rates and job center suburban occupancy rates and offices are still very low. They've been ticking up, which is great, and we're starting to see signs of that in terms of people moving back into the cities. That we were still a long ways to go in terms of a full recovery. So should there be incremental pricing power beyond what we've experienced in our portfolio, as all those macro factors have been alluded to start to come together? I think the answer is yes. Obviously, if we see some reversal, it may impact certain markets differently. So one of our expansion markets is Southeast Florida, as an example, and when you look at where the loss to lease is relative to historical norms and kind of long-term trend lines, is it well above historical norms? Yes. So we're going to be buyers there and developers there, but we're going to be careful about the bets we place. Might some of that revert back to New York? In that case, you see a little more softness there, yes. So those are the types of things that we talk about. But at a macro level, there's a reason to be optimistic, for sure.
Sean Breslin: Yes, Rich, good question. I think one way to think about that is the potential opportunity there just given that it is one of the markets -- or is the market that has not yet recovered to kind of pre-COVID levels. So if you look at it and judge it just by what is left to come, if you believe that all markets would revert back to their pre-COVID levels and continue to grow, that is the region that has the most to rebound, if you want to describe it that way. So to the extent you see demand come back in a way that supports that, then it certainly could be a leading market as you move into '22 and beyond. Obviously, you have to move through the lease expirations to capture the benefit, but you can certainly see a more meaningful acceleration based on where it's positioned today in terms of rents versus peak as compared to the rest of the portfolio.
Sean Breslin: I think it's a little bit of both, Alex. I mean, ultimately, we'll have a diversified portfolio. Some of it is where we want to buy versus where we want to build. So if you look at what we've done in Denver, the assets we bought have tended to be more of the garden assets on the perimeter. And where we're developing, we have a deal in RiNo. We just started a deal in Westminster, which is kind of a second-ring suburb, but we're -- we have a deal that will start here shortly in the City of Denver. So we're trying to balance out the development which tends to be at the higher price point with -- particularly in these Sunbelt markets, where historically, over time, more of the rent growth probably has come in more of the moderate price point. So we are more focused on acquisitions that are younger assets but not necessarily kind of the downtown $350 a foot-type rent. So we like the position. The Charlotte acquisition was a little bit different just because it was an opportunity to pick up a 3-community portfolio in the South end, which is an incredibly dynamic part of Charlotte, where there's just tremendous amounts of growth, retail, employment as well as residential. But I think the Grapevine or the Flower Mound acquisition that you referenced is probably more in keeping with what we bought in Denver and what we've mostly been buying in Florida and where we're looking.
Sean Breslin: Yes, Haendel, good question as it relates to technology and just for the inflation. And most of what we're focused on relates to, in simple terms, kind of digitizing the business and creating a more self-serve model for customers, which, just so you know, they have expressed a desire for that -- a continuing desire for that to be able to self-serve like they do with any other major brands across the country. And I would say that for the most part, the impact on the P&L will show up predominantly in payroll, probably a little bit in R&M just in terms of the efficiency of in-sourced and outsourced activity. But a lot of the things that we're doing relate to digitizing the application lease and move-in process, as an example, that a customer can self-serve and complete that entire process and move into a community without ever talking to anyone who's an AvalonBay staff member. AvalonBay staff may be available on a centralized call center or other locations regionally to be able to support that activity. But to the extent that they like to do it on a self-serve basis, they can. The same thing applies to the maintenance activity, lease renewals and then what we call the live journey, which is all the interactions that a customer has with us when they live with us. And that relates to all kinds of different things that get into the [indiscernible] about transferring apartments, adding a bed, adding a roommate, et cetera, et cetera. So most of it is focused on digitizing the business. The second piece of it is really around data science and leveraging data science that makes different types of decisions related to a number of different aspects of the business. Probably one use case to mention specifically is lease renewals. And the more we know about customer behavior and various other things will help us how to create a choice to customers and also try to optimize the renewal capture in terms of the process, but also the renewal value in terms of at what rent they renew with us and for what duration. So there's a lot of data science world that will be coming to fruition as well. But the heavy emphasis as it relates to the benefit that Ben mentioned is on the digitization of the business and the various processes that are related to customer interactions, and most of that benefit will show up via payroll.
Sean Breslin: Yes. So the total investment that we expect for the activities at least that we have sized up for the next 2 to 3 years is an incremental roughly $20 million to $25 million. We have incurred some costs to date, about $7 million, as it relates to our automated leasing agent and various other things that have already resulted in about an 18% reduction in the frontline sales staff at our communities, which is [indiscernible] payroll. But going forward, there's still some investment to come.
Sean Breslin: Yes. And I can add on to that. Certainly, Kevin can address the kind of gross versus net receivables and what the total part is. But just to provide a little color on what we've received, out of the funds we received, about 1/3 of it relates to applications that we submitted on behalf of the resident in jurisdictions where we are allowed to do so. About 2/3 of it has showed up via resident applications where we have had no knowledge of the applications submitted by the residents until we were notified by the jurisdiction that they were approved for payment and payment would be transferred to us. In terms of the percentage that we received relative to what we've applied for, again, what we can apply for independent of what the resident may have applied for, we've only received about 30% of the total pot that we have applied for. We've applied for, rough numbers, about $24 million in rent relief, and we've only received about $6.5 million or so to date. So to the extent that we recovered most of that is pretty significant opportunity to come independent of what we may receive in gross volume from either current residents who remain occupied in units but not paying or in some jurisdictions where we are allowed to recover it, payments associated with residents that have left us but left outstanding balances. So still a pot there to come. It's hard to determine exactly what may come through resident applications, again, because of the limited line of sight on those applications being submitted and processed.
Sean Breslin: Yes. As it relates to total supply -- this is Sean. I can touch on that. In terms of our markets, our supply expectations for 2021 has come down for the beginning of the year as a result of various things, whether it's some of the supply chain issues that I've described, capacity in local jurisdictions as it relates to inspections and such, et cetera. But we expect 2021 to land at roughly about 1.7% of stock in terms of the deliveries. And based on what we can see in 2022, probably it's going to be relatively similar. There'll be a couple of regions where we expect a little bit of increased supply, and that includes the New York, New Jersey regions, some stuff in New York City that's pushed into next year, as an example. We also expect an uptick in Seattle. There's been pretty heavy volume under construction. Some of that has been delayed and pushed into 2022. Markets that will be relatively flat include probably the Mid-Atlantic and Southeast Florida, just based on supplies working its way through. And then we do expect to see a decline in supply in Boston, Northern and Southern California and Denver, just based on what we can see working its way through the construction process and the various delays. So that's the lineup as it relates to overall supply. And again, keep in mind that a heavy influence on the supply side here is in urban submarkets. And kind of looking out over the course of next year, we still expect about 100 basis point spread between percentage of stock that's delivered in urban environments as compared to suburban. Suburban came down potentially into the 1.3% or 1.4% of stock next year versus 240, 250 basis points in the urban submarkets. So there is the distinction there.
Sean Breslin: Joshua, just to be clear, when you say turn higher, are you talking about occupancy rents just kind of the overall fundamentals of the business or...
Sean Breslin: Yes. So I mean, as it relates to Northern Cal in general, in my earlier comments sort of reflect the view that particularly in these tech markets that are probably concentrated job centers like San Francisco and San Jose to some degree as well, of course, the return-to-office delays certainly have had an impact. We are starting to see people come back to those environments. We had an uptick in people moving to San Francisco and San Jose from more than 150 miles away in Q3 compared to not only last year, of course, but a stabilized year. So we're starting to see some movement just maybe not as much as I think we all would have anticipated post Labor Day. Delta kicked in and kind of created the issue. So is it likely that San Francisco, as an example, which probably has one of the lowest office usage rates in the country, will come back more strongly early next year as people come back to work? I think the answer is yes. The question is the pace at which that occurs and the flexibility that people are provided as it relates to work from anywhere, based on what we understand and trying to track that as best we can, most of the work-from-home policies that have been adopted, people might live maybe slightly further out or something. But they still need to be within a reasonable commuting distance of their office to be in there 2 to 3 days a week depending on the company. And therefore, given the traffic and the commuting patterns in a place like Northern California, people are -- they're going to be within the MSA that they work in as opposed to some place that's a 3-hour drive away. So we would expect it to come back. And again, the pace really will be dictated by the work-from-home policies based on what we see in vaccination trends, the vaccination requirements coming out and already seeing the uptick in people coming back to those markets. It's just a matter of degree as we move into 2022.
Matthew Birenbaum: Sure. Yes. Just to give a little more color on the development pipeline. So we're -- we've started close to $1 billion so far this year. We are on track to start probably another $350 million here in the fourth quarter. And when you kind of look at the breakdown of the most recent starts this year, it's a nice mix geographically, about three quarters suburban, one quarter urban and maybe 25% of our starts this year and actually in our expansion markets in Florida and Denver and then maybe a little less than one-third in the Northeast and the rest, almost half on the West Coast. As we look out to next year, we'd like to be able to start somewhere in the same range in that $1 billion to $1.5 billion range, depending on how things shape up. But as Ben mentioned in his remarks, we have a $3 billion development rights pipeline. And there's a lot working its way through the system now. We really started putting our foot back on the gas for new business development a quarter or 2 ago. And we've got probably over $1 billion worth of new development rights in addition to that $3 billion that's working its way through the system now. So we will start some in this fourth quarter, but I'm hoping that at the end of the year, the development rights pipeline will actually grow to somewhere at or north of $3.5 billion. So we have a lot of opportunity in front of us.
Matthew Birenbaum: Sure. Nick, it's Matt. There's definitely inflation and like you said, it helps on the rent side and it hurts on the cost side. What we've seen is the deals that we are starting this year the total development cost is probably 10% to maybe even as much in some cases, is 15% higher than where it would have been a couple of years ago. If NOIs are trending up, you do get some leverage on that. And then the third part of the equation is asset values, which, of course, have been trending up more than the 10% or 15% costs have been going up. So when you combine the higher NOI with the lower cap rates, the value creation and the spread is probably wider than it was before. The yields probably pre-COVID, our development rights pipeline yields were maybe in the low 6s. Now they're in the high 5s. If you look at the stuff we're starting this year, it's pro forma to around 7 5 8 and that's where kind of the new business we're signing up or the stuff we might start next year based on today's economics looks to be as well.
Matthew Birenbaum: Yes Rich, it's Matt. It is -- I mean we have not yet seen a lack of availability, supply chain interfere with our ability to deliver apartments. We've had spot issues here and there where right now, we're struggling to get appliances in 1 asset, and so it might delay deliveries by a month or so. But we haven't seen it in a more widespread way, but there is that potential. I mean there are certain commodities, drywalls on an allocation right now in some markets. So I think it has impacted the for sale inventory and ability to deliver some. I think for us, it's a place where we benefit a little bit by being our own general contractor and having repeat relationships with our subcontractors. So honestly, the bigger constraint right now on getting units turned and delivered has been the local jurisdictions and their staff. A lot of these jurisdictions are still remote and they're down inspectors and you can't get people at City Hall to print out the documents you need. So I wouldn't be surprised if some of the stuff that's in the pipeline takes a little longer to deliver if a deal that you thought you might done in 8 quarters might take 9 quarters instead. So there could be a little bit of delay over time on that, and it might extend the supply some just more broadly.
Matthew Birenbaum: Matt, I can start and others can chime in. I'd say, first and foremost, we try and lock in that spread by. So we're generally raising and sourcing the capital when we start jobs. So that if there is a big change to the cost of capital, you think about the development yields we're putting up relative to the capital that we funded those with. And so that's why you see -- we're generally anywhere between 70% and 80% match funded. When you look at kind of the remaining spend in our development book against our cash on hand and kind of the short-term free cash flow. So I think it probably starts there. And then beyond that, I guess you'd have to ask yourself why are rates rising? And if because it's an inflationary environment and NOIs are also rising, then hopefully, you can preserve most of that spread anyway. If rates are rising because it's an increase in real rates as opposed to nominal rates, then that does put downward pressure on the margin.
Matthew Birenbaum: Yes, John, it's Matt. I'll just add to that. I think that's right. Honestly, if you look back over the last 5 or 10 years, probably the thing that's driving up CapEx more is just that we're putting more into these buildings, the amenities are a lot more elaborate. And when it comes time to redo those, it's a little more expensive. Going forward, it's an interesting question. you could make an argument that as a regulatory load increases, it may be an advantage for institutional owners like ourselves who have better capacity to manage that and deal with it in some of the smaller private owners. So over time, it might contribute to more consolidation in our space, which is incredibly fragmented. But we certainly are trying to manage on an asset-by-asset basis and our CapEx exposure, and it's one of the things that forms our kind of asset trading strategy and the things we've been really pleased by is our ability to sell assets that are 30 years old that have definitely significantly more CapEx liability embedded in them at basically the same cap rates as buying almost brand-new assets. So that definitely informs our strategy on the margin.
Matthew Birenbaum: Sure. This is Matt. I can speak to that a little bit. So we didn't actually close anything this past quarter. We've closed a number of dispositions in the second quarter. But as Ben mentioned, we have about $300 million that we expect to close here in the fourth quarter. All of that is in the Northeast, which is where we've been heavily over-indexed in terms of our disposition activity. A couple of years ago, we sold a significant chunk in New York City into a joint venture, and then we've been balancing that out the last couple of years with more dispositions in the New York suburbs. And a lot of that is just driven by our overall portfolio allocation, given that we have a pretty deep development pipeline in many of those kind of suburban New York areas as well. So as we look forward, we're going to look to continue to rotate capital out of our coastal regions into these expansion markets, and it will probably continue to be a little bit disproportionately in New York, other parts of the Northeast and maybe over time in the Mid-Atlantic and a little bit in California as well.
Matthew Birenbaum: This is Matt. We are certainly out there looking for opportunities to grow the Kanso brand. Again, our market research would indicate that there is a large untapped segment of customers that are looking for what Kanso offers. So I do think there's a great opportunity out there and that it's going to take us a little time to get at it, but we're very focused on it. In terms of future rent growth, I mean, I don't see any reason to think that it would -- rent growth in the Kanso product would be materially different than the submarket to which it's a part. Maybe it's a little less exposed to new supply because it's competing at a little bit lower price point. And typically, we found that the more modest price points have a little more rent growth kind of over a full cycle. So we think that it should be well positioned both for initial return and long-term growth.
Matthew Birenbaum: Yes, Alex, it's Matt. So you're right, we -- when we start a job, it's based on today's rents and today's costs, and we basically locked in a good amount of the cost when we start the job. So we have an excellent track record of delivering on the cost side. So what you see is -- and then we don't remark the rents to market until we have 20% leased, give or take. So the rents will kind of stay where they are for the first year plus, and then we'll mark to market. And so the materials that we've shown earlier, what Ben was talking about how our rents are running $170, $180 above pro forma, that's based on those 6 jobs, which are now coming to market. So the first thing is there's jobs that are on that schedule that were started 12 or 18 months ago that have not yet been mark to market. So there should be some lift out of those. And again, that's what we're seeing on that basket that we have currently, and lease up, they're beating pro forma by 30, 40 basis points on the yield. On the deals that haven't yet started, what we're finding is that the greater rent and NOI definitely helps. The higher cost hurt, and it falls through to land value pretty darn quickly. And it's a very competitive market in terms of there's a lot of merchant builders out there. And where it all takes your yield, new business we're signing up today, reflecting today's rents is in that kind of mid- to high 5s yield that I mentioned. So where those yields settle out when you actually start the job in a year or 2, that's the bet what will grow faster from this point, kind of rents or costs. But I feel pretty good that, that kind of mid- to high 5s is probably a pretty consistent number you'll see for a while.
Matthew Birenbaum: Alex, let me just add to that. It's Matt. I mean if you're talking longer term, I think what we're seeing is, to your point about the dynamic of the spread, development is a very profitable business. Supply tends to respond more quickly in the Sunbelt markets than in our coastal markets. So you've seen this year starts nationally are up. But in our markets, they're actually kind of level or a little bit down. So that is one of the factors. I -- and supply can respond more quickly in urban than in suburban submarket in our footprint because the supply -- the regulatory supply constraints are definitely more meaningful in the suburbs than in the urban areas. So across our coastal regions, what I'd say is development in the urban submarkets doesn't work today. And so you're seeing very, very little urban starts because the rents there are not above their prior peak, for the most part, as Sean had mentioned, and costs are up. So my guess is you'll see a relatively muted supply response in our urban markets once we get beyond the stuff that's currently underway, as you look out 2 or 3 years. Suburb is probably a little bit more slow in today. But I think the supply response to the favorable economics is going to be more aggressive in the Sunbelt.
Matthew Birenbaum: We haven't heard that. I mean we haven't seen any lease-ups having particular issues. We've seen assets being sold during lease-up, just people trying to take advantage of the incredibly robust asset sales market. But frankly, not at discounted, to us, we're all that compelling relative to buying stabilized assets.
