Matthew H. Birenbaum: Yes, I don't think -- it's a pretty big portfolio. So I think -- it actually takes a lot to move the needle one way or the other on that question. And we don't -- it is -- as Tim said, it is much more bottom-up than top-down, it really starts with local teams on the ground in each of our regions, identifying the best risk-adjusted return opportunities for them to invest the capital in new development opportunities. If you look at what we currently have under construction, it's probably a little -- currently under construction today, it's actually, probably, a little bit more heavily urban in the portfolio as a whole. The Development Rights are more suburban than the current construction. So as that pulls through, it -- they tend to kind of wash each other out, so you'll see us get perhaps a little bit more urban concentration over the next year or so, as very large urban deals like 55 Ninth in San Francisco or West Chelsea and AVA High Line and Willoughby AVA Dobro [ph] in New York and Brooklyn get completed. But it is true certainly that the starts we anticipate, you've seen this quarter and in the next year or so, we'll probably swing that pendulum back a little bit. So if you look out 3 or 4 years, it will probably be very similar to what we are today in terms of the overall balance.
Matthew H. Birenbaum: Sure, Vincent, this is Matt. I can try and answer that one. As relates to leasing activity, surprisingly, it's been pretty strong in our new lease-ups in the Northeast. We averaged 21, 22 leases a month. 22 leases a month across all of our lease-ups. But the Northeast lease-ups and certainly the mid-Atlantic lease-ups were at or above our initial projections. So we -- people were anxious to lease our brand new apartment homes in these markets even through the winter. As it relates to construction, I have not heard of any material delays at this point, due to the weather. I mean, there is a certain amount of weather days built into the schedule. In general, we have more weather days, certainly we did in the first quarter in the Northeast. But generally speaking, these are mostly jobs that take on average 2 years to build, and if you are on a 4 or 5 more weather days in January or February, they will find a way to make that up.
Matthew H. Birenbaum: Yes, this is Matt, George. We did actually get our first [indiscernible] at Assembly Road, earlier this week or late last week. So that was one we definitely did suffer some delays. Some of it may have been weather-related, but, I think, a lot of it was related to -- just it's very complex mixed-use construction. It's a joint venture or partnership with Federal Realty. So we have actually a backlog of leasing activity, folks that have been waiting to move-in for us to get those [indiscernible]. We should be off to the races now on the lease-up, but we're only about 10% leased there, so again, we don't really mark the rents to market until we can get up to about 20%. And particularly in a situation like that where people haven't even been able -- the 10% they leased, they haven't actually walked the apartments. It's all been off of plans. So again, I would anticipate by the next quarter's release, we'll have more on that.
Matthew H. Birenbaum: Yes, George, this is Matt again. Obviously a very unfortunate incident there where some steel was apparently perhaps overloaded on an upper floor and fell through temporary decking that had been put in place. The way these buildings gets built its a concrete core, that goes up first, and then you basically you put the lightweight steel up. And that's up multiple stories above where the concrete permanent floor is. So, the temporary decking got collapsed and lost on about 5 or 6 stories there at that structure. But there's a recovery plan in place, and there is -- the team has worked very well with the city of Boston and all the inspectors involved. So they are now well into the recovery plan, and we do not expect any material impact there on the economics of that deal.
Matthew H. Birenbaum: This is Matt. Couple of numbers on that. What we currently have under construction is about 25% garden and the balance is evenly split between mid and high rise, 38% mid, 38% high. In our Development Rights -- Development Rights pipeline, the future starts, the garden percentage doesn't really change that's 25%. The high-rise drops from 38% to 15% and the mid rise is what moves to about 60% of the pipeline. Is that -- the bulk of what we're going to be starting is the wrap and podium deals in the infill suburban locations.
Timothy J. Naughton: David, I'll start it and, Matt, jump in. First of all, I'll address your comment about lower barriers to entry, which is in our markets absolutely is untrue. It's actually the opposite. Our suburban submarkets are much tougher to build in than our urban submarkets. It's usually the constraint in the urban submarkets tend to be bad of economics. There's no shortage of opportunity, even in places like New York and Boston, which I think, historically, people have considered to be tough to penetrate, it's been largely because the economics just haven't made sense. When you go to the suburbs, particularly, where you look at our portfolio, it tends be pretty infill more employment center and not bedroom community type locations, often transit oriented, those are very difficult places to get entitlements, often taking 3, 4, 5 years. And it's an expensive way to play and honestly the nimbyism is much more rampant in those kind of locations. So that's part of what we like about the suburbs at least in our markets. It may be different, as you look at other -- other parts of the country. But I don't know, Sean, maybe you want to address the issue, just CapEx in some of our suburban versus urban, which I think may be a little different than what your assumption might be, David, on that.
Timothy J. Naughton: Okay, I'll let Kevin jump in. The only thing I'd say, Michael, we are taking on, we do expect to take on new commitments as the year continues, as we continue to start the balance of the $1.3 billion or $1.4 billion that was in our initial guidance. So we'll continue to have additional commitments that we'll need to continue to be funded. But, Kevin, you might just talk a little bit about overall funding strategy.
Timothy J. Naughton: Nick, Tim here. Just one thing to point out. So, of the $3 billion that's under construction, we mentioned about $1 billion that's in lease-up, that's yielding about 7.3%, the entire bucket is yielding about -- is projected to yield about 6.5%. So 2/3 that we haven't marked yet to market. Some of it is at market as we just started this quarter. But the thing I'd point out is, of that $2 billion, about $1.2 billion is actually California and New York City, so very low sort of cap rate type markets and certainly from a value creation perspective, we actually don't see that basket of assets being materially different than that's in lease-up or what we already completed. But the other thing to put in perspective, the $1 billion that's in lease-up, that's increased by about 10%. If you just looked at it from a market standpoint in the submarkets area, I think, the rent growth, since the time that we started on a weighted average basis, has been about 5%. So we've outperformed kind of our expectations, if you will, as adjusted for rent inflation by about 5% so far that lease-up. But one way to think about it is what is your projection for market inflation over the next 12 to 24 months as we build out that bucket of assets.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes, Alex, it's Tim. I think you may be misreading the chart. This is actually monthly, not quarterly data, just to be clear. So these are actuals. So it's -- the fourth bar there is actually April through -- I think, the footnote says sort of like April 22. So it's not the full month yet. But these are blended rents. So it's a mix of new move-ins and renewals that we know today or that we have experienced, January through March. So it's not far off of what we expected, to be honest, but this is actuals, it's not projections.
Timothy J. Naughton: Dave, its Tim. I don't know that we can, to be honest, so we've been -- obviously we've been tracking starts in projected delivery. It's not unusual where they might -- particularly in the market where people have been spending a lot of capital to get their deals permit ready. It's not uncommon where it might pull the permit, and in our case we pulled the permit at AVA 55 M [ph] in part to lock in a tax abatement, several million dollars of value. We may or may not start that over the next 12 months. So, I think, there's probably some cases like that, but I can tell you what -- I don't have a theory for you as to why maybe the permit and the start data might be diverging.
Timothy J. Naughton: And, Dave, its Tim. Just to follow up, we are basically on plan in Q1, as Sean said, in some of the areas that we missed, we had some offsets, particularly in place like -- particularly in Northern California. It's ultimately going to turn on that one chart that you saw, I think, that showed a bit of a ramp up in terms of same unit rent. Rents that we're seeing and whether or not that holds we're running around 4% in April for -- that's for the AvalonBay legacy portfolio. At this point, but to the extent it holds in that range throughout the year, obviously that's pretty good, relative to the outlook that we gave.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes, Mike in our markets, it is. I can't speak for the U.S. overall, but in our markets, we are expecting still deliveries to peak. Just under 2% of inventory in 2014 and to come down both in '15 and '16 from those levels based upon starts that have already occurred and starts that we're projecting here over the next 6 to 9 months.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well it's interesting, I mean, if you look at these 2 charts side by side, they're important to consider together, right, it's the relationship between rents and replacement costs that ultimately drive whether there ought to be new supply. Both of these actually indexed about 3% inflation over 15-year period. So again sort of supports the notion that you're roughly at equilibrium. But we're at levels where the economics do still support new supply. We are still pursuing new deals as are many of our peers not as many made sense as they did in 2009 and '10 and '11, that is just the nature of cycles. But we are still seeing plenty of stuff that we think underwrites and makes sense in terms of the basis we've been at, as well as the projected economics. I think this -- I think the chart on the right captures our experience of the replacement costs pretty well. If you just look back at our total cost per unit, we just went over the $300,000 per unit mark really for the first time since like 2007, recently. With a more concentrated portfolio in the urban markets, and so, I think, this is pretty accurate. This is an index that we -- is a proprietary that we put together based upon both construction costs and land cost trends, but it actually matches our intuition and our own experience. So we feel pretty good about the -- about what it's telling us. It sort of matches -- it matches our experience at least at the moment. So I don't know if that answers your question, but there have been some markets where construction costs, particularly on the West Coast have still moved up 8% to 10% over the last year. But on the East Coast it's been much more -- we see much more normalized levels in the 3%, 4%, 5% range on a year-over-year basis.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes, well certainly parts of D.C. don't make sense, but you still might be surprised, which -- how many do still make sense if you just look at where assets are continuing to trade in this market. But there's still some that are just -- one, it's current -- in some cases, it's current economics but in more cases it's about where we think the market might be going over the next year or 2. So plenty of submarkets in D.C. that we wouldn't consider at this point, in the cycle. There are -- when you look at some of the urban costs and construction costs in the Northeast, that's giving challenging. I would say to -- you take the deal like National Street, it makes sense in part because of our are our land basis, is actually very, very attractive relative to what you could secure land today at. So there's some for sure that where the risk-adjusted economics don't make sense based upon where the assets might trade.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes, Paula, that's a great question. Actually it's been -- if you look at just our Development Right pipeline versus currently under construction, the amount of garden is about the same. But really the shift has been from high rise to what we think of as mid-rise, which is a combination of wood-frame wrap or wood-frame podium. And those are often in either -- on transit TOD-type locations or certainly employment, and retail center-type locations. So that's really probably been the bigger shift, is really been from central core to kind of ex-urban infill-type sites where the economics are still dramatically different. If you just looked at the cost basis, call it as Stuart Street, or an Exeter, or an Nasser street in downtown Boston versus Assembly Row, which is only 3 miles away in Summerville. You're talking 50%, 60% of the basis in some cases. So that's been probably more the focus of the shift over the last 12 to 24 months in reality.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, thank you, operator. And Tom, I think you got off pretty easy this quarter. Just a lot of thank you's. But anyway, thanks for being on the call today, and we look forward to seeing many of you, unfortunately without Tom, at the [indiscernible] conference in early June in New York. So look forward to seeing you there. Thanks. Take care.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, David, this is Sean. I think, one thing to keep in mind, just from a CapEx perspective and I'll make one another comment. But from a CapEx perspective, the high-rise assets, you do have other components that you don't have in suburban assets that do drive up CapEx, so you've got an interior corridor that's typically heated and cooled, you've got paint and carpet in the hallways, you've got typically more expensive mechanical systems, things of that sort you've got to deal with. So we take that all into account in terms of the underwriting of new development opportunities, but the generic statement that the newer suburban assets are more CapEx intensive than a new urban assets isn't necessarily true. And one of your initial questions was just about suburban assets and maybe slower rent growth, and things of that sort. I think one thing just to keep in mind for us is in some of the suburban locations like take Central or Northern New Jersey, you may see slower rent growth, but to the extent that the development yields going in are substantially higher, 7%-plus as an example, the total return on that opportunity will be quite attractive, even though the ongoing rent growth that you might publish in same-store is lower, and that's okay.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, Nick, this is Sean. Let me give you a little bit of insight into that. First, just to set the table in terms of where we're trending right now to give you some perspective. The Archstone bucket is trending around 95.6% in terms of economic occupancy, just sort of where we are for April versus last year it was around 95.2%. But when you blend that with the AvalonBay bucket, the AvalonBay bucket has come down in occupancy last year at this time, we were pushing occupancy up in the mid-96 range that's trending at 95.9% right now. So if you blend the 2 buckets together, they're trending around 95.8% economic versus last year being around 96.2%. And we talked about -- this is a little bit, I think, on our second, third quarter call last year that occupancy actually drifted up in the second quarter beyond where we had targeted, and so we were pushing rents a little bit harder as we got into the third quarter. So we're going to have that burden from a comp prospective on a year-over-year basis in the second quarter giving back that occupancy. But our expectation right now in terms of the Archstone bucket is that trending at 95.6% to 95.8% economic for the balance of the year would be a reasonable range in terms of our expectation overall.
Sean J. Breslin: Sure. I think concessions were not used a lot, but it does vary from market to market as you pointed out. Generally speaking, we run on an effective rent pricing basis, that's our strategy, which has worked very consistently. I think most of REITs are that way, but there are select markets, where the idea of a "special" is in vogue and that's a market like Seattle as an example. The other place where we look to consider using concessions is in some of the rent regulated markets and submarkets, where you'd like to have the sort of the face rent on the lease be higher and if you give a concession, that's okay. You typically see that in New York and some places in San Francisco as an example. And a little bit, as the Archstone bucket bleeds in, you'll see a little bit of that in the D.C. area with couple of rent-controlled assets as well. So I'd say, it's more of the rent regulated stuff, where you see concessions, but there are certain markets at certain times a year like Seattle in Q4 or Q1. We might see an elevated level of concession just given the nature of that particular submarket.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, just on the velocity question that you had. We leased at a pace of 36 a month in the first quarter for the AVA component of that property, which is open. The West Chelsea, Avalon component is not yet opened and leasing. So just that's the AVA High Line component at that velocity.
Sean J. Breslin: Sure. The -- we haven't seen a huge impact on AVA High Line from those assets, but there's 2, or 3 assets that have been in lease-up that have had some impact on the Midtown West and Clinton deals that we own. And the Gotham deal is probably the least furthest along, I think, it's around 50% leased right now. Mercedes House, which is a [indiscernible] deal is about to leased up. And there is one other asset that's about to leased up. So it has some impact on some of the existing assets, but we'd have not had much overlap with AVA High Line in terms of specific competition from the deals you referenced.
Sean J. Breslin: Ryan, this is Sean. In terms of New York City, Long Island City is underperforming our portfolio average. Where we're getting the best growth out of New York right now in terms of the city product is what's happening basically at Morningside Heights. We're pushing mid-6s. One of the Bowery deals is pushing mid-5s as opposed to Long Island City has been underperforming, and the other place where we're again pretty good growth is out of Brooklyn, [indiscernible] we're pushing mid-5s as compared to the Riverview assets on a blended basis are more like 3, 3.5 on a year-over-year basis for revenue growth.
Sean J. Breslin: Sure. This is Sean again. So in terms of Boston, yes, it was a tough winter. We did see turnover move up in Boston as compared to the first quarter of '13. It was up about 5%, which is roughly about a 13% increase in move-outs. If you were still buying homes, it was one of the few markets. If you looked at the home sales data yesterday, it is actually up on a year-over-year basis as compared to many other markets that are down. Still little bit of pressure from that. And certainly the weather wasn't helpful from a traffic perspective. In terms of the different submarkets that you mentioned, the closer-in locations actually did relatively well in the first quarter. So the Metro Boston stuff like Newton Highlands, Chestnut Hill, all did pretty well producing total rents or revenue growth between call it 6%, 7% range, 95, 93 North was putting out good numbers, north of 4. MetroWest was relatively weak though and I think that's some of the more distant assets where we did see some home buying pressure. And in the South Shore, it was doing okay, it was in the 3% to 4% range. So I say that more infill markets were doing generally well, as well as 95, 93 North, but the more distant suburban stuff was a little bit weaker.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, Alex, this is Sean. So you did quote the correct number. If you excluded the excess utility and snow removal costs, Opex year-over-year would have been 3.9, and NOI growth would have been 3.7 as opposed to the 2.6 that was reported. In terms of the outlook for the year, in terms of what we're seeing, basically, if we just trended pretty close to what our budget was, we'd be at the high end of the guidance range that we provided. We are seeing a little bit of relief in a few areas like property taxes, as an example, that may come in a little bit below budget based on our forecast. So based on what I'd say right now is we still expect the first half of the year expenses to be elevated for a number of different reasons, and we mentioned that when we provided the outlook. But based on where we see the second half coming in with budget and a few adjustments based on things we know right now, we still expect to be within the guidance we provided for OpEx, but certainly trending towards the high end of the range.
Sean J. Breslin: No, not necessarily one specific strategy. I mean, we basically, as you know, Alex, use LRO to try to optimize for both rent and occupancy. They are certain markets where you forecast things might happen -- or submarkets, I am sorry, submarkets, I was referring to and they don't come to us. For example, we had an impact on Redmond in the fourth quarter that bled through to the first quarter for us, where some of the corporate activity just changed, as compared to the seasonal history, mainly due to Microsoft, so that had some impact that we had not anticipated. So the things like that, but nothing intentional that we were trying to push it one direction or another. You generally, to be honest, try to protect occupancy a little bit more in Seattle in the fourth quarter.
Sean J. Breslin: Dave, this is Sean, I'm not sure I could answer your question precisely. We still expect to be within the guidance range that we provided. The only comment I could say really is that as you pointed out, New England started off a bit slower as than we anticipated in terms of not only the typical occupancy gains. But as a result of that, the rent growth that we were able to push through in that region in the first quarter. That being said, it has picked up traction in the last 3 or 4 weeks as the weather turned. I'll give you a couple of statistics just availability has come down about 50 basis points over the last 3 weeks. Occupancy has trended up. So we're seeing some movement there. So it's hard to quantify exactly what the difference might be, and the impact on revenue. But on the other side of the coin Northern California is outperforming. So I'm not prepared to give you a precise answer other than we expect to be within the range we provided in terms of revenue growth for the year.
Sean J. Breslin: Sure, Dave, it's Sean. I can provide you that. So for the same-store bucket in the first quarter as we quoted the blend was 2.7%, it was basically 5% on renewals and essentially flat on move ins and where we had downward pressure in New England, a little bit in New York and considering the mid-Atlantic, but was offset by gains in Pacific Northwest, Northern California and Southern California.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, Derek, this is Sean in terms of general commentary about Northern California, I'd offer few things. First, as you could tell from what we reported. The East Bay remains particularly strong. And the contribution from our ease [ph] communities there is very strong. So East Bay generally speaking strong, lower price point communities probably stronger, and we have a fairly good allocation of lower price point communities in the East Bay. San Jose has held pretty steady, and actually I'd say as we look through the year, San Jose may surprise to the upside just because the impact from supply that we're seeing there is not as much maybe as we expected I am hearing similar comments from our peers, in terms of the supplies there seems to be absorbed without an issue. Rents are starting to get pushed a little bit harder so San Jose feels good. And then San Francisco portfolio is performing well. Certainly, we have sort of the flagship asset at Mission Bay. But our -- frankly our lower price point assets in communities at Sunset Towers, Diamond Heights, Daly City, Pacifica et cetera are doing quite well. Some of those lower price point communities are putting up 9s and 10s, as an example, in terms of year-over-year growth. So I say the price point communities in San Francisco and the East Bay are doing particularly well, and San Jose seems to be on, I'd say, a positive momentum trend as we look through the rest of the year.
Sean J. Breslin: Sure, D.C. specifically just to give you some sense, so in the first quarter renewals were up about 3% and move-ins were down somewhere around 4%. Looking out to May and June in terms of the renewal offers, they're out sort of in the low- to mid-4s, they'll probably settle in the 3 to 3.5 range would be my expectation based on what I know today. To give you some sense, for example, April is trending the 3.9%, 4% range for the mid-Atlantic portfolio.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, Karin, it's Sean. I'll answer your second question first. At this point, no, none of the dispositions that we either have under contract or are contemplating, we're expecting to go to a condo converter that certainly change, but that's not the expectation right at the moment. I've heard some chatter about the one deal that did convert in New York, I don't know the details, to be honest, can't tell you anything about it. There has been some chatter about condo conversions in New York and in San Francisco given the level of inventory that's currently available for sale in those markets, but I've not been close to any specific transactions to be able to give you much insight into that trend.
Sean J. Breslin: Sure, George, this is Sean. I don't know if I have those specific communities with me to be able to quote you that. But I can give you the region overall if that helps. I can tell you that Downtown Boston, right now, is actually holding up a little bit better than we anticipated, in terms of expected rent change. I mentioned earlier in my comments, that the infill markets, Mid Highlands, as an example, Chestnut Hill, a couple of phases of the Bruce Center have actually been doing pretty well. Keep in mind, our sample in the core of Boston if you really looking urban high-rise, is essentially the Prudential Center. Sorry, I don't have the [indiscernible] numbers right in front of me, but we can get back to you on that, if you'd like, that information.
Kevin P. O'Shea: Sure. Well, Michael, as you'll recall from our first quarter call, what we announced was an expectation to source about $1.5 billion of external capital throughout 2014. As you pointed out, we've raised some capital in the first quarter, we raised about $300 million overall, when you take into account the unsecured term loan and the asset that was sold in Connecticut. As we -- and we've got some assets that are under contract for sale in the second quarter here. So as we step forward here and take on new commitments, with respect to development, we're applying to continue to match fund as we go along with long-term capital. Currently, our most attractive sources of external capital continue to be unsecured debt and asset sales. And so we would expect as we step through the year and make new commitments and more or less, ratably source capital that we continue to primarily source that capital from asset sales and unsecured debt.
Kevin P. O'Shea: Sure, Derek, this is Kevin. In terms of sort of a roadmap from an OFFO perspective from 1Q to the second quarter and then touching on some of the adjustments. We had $1.63 in OFFO for the first quarter and our outlook for the second quarter in terms of OFFO is $1.66. So essentially kind of a roadmap from the first quarter to the second quarter. There's probably about $0.05 pickup in community NOI of which about $0.03 relates to the same-store NOI combined basket. And then about $0.02 from development NOI. And probably with an offset of about $0.02 in terms of interest expense and overhead combined to create $0.02 drag on that to get to a net change of $0.03 from -- in terms of OFFO sequential change. In terms of the $0.02 for next quarter, it's largely prepayment penalties, and continuing loss on the parking lot joint venture that we have, combine to produced the $0.02 in OFFO adjustments for the second quarter. And the prepayment penalties relate to some fund dispositions that are scheduled to take place in the second quarter.
Kevin P. O'Shea: The $230 million that was under contract would be a 2Q event. That was fully on communities. There were some additional fund dispositions that are scheduled for the quarter that are in addition to that amount, and actually a couple of them have some prepayment penalties associated with them that would have a flow-through effect on our financials.
Sean M. Clark: Neutral to the same-store growth expectations? We don't expect to provide -- we're not doing anything different in terms of providing different guidance than we already provided as it relates to the revenue growth from the portfolio. And we provided that in the Q1 information, so nothing has changed from our initial guidance.
Sean M. Clark: We provided initial guidance that was -- the midpoint was 3.625 overall for the AvalonBay portfolio.
Sean M. Clark: Q2 to Q4 for the combined, yes, I don't have that outlook right in front of me. But nothing's changed from what we've provided in terms of guidance at this point.
Sean M. Clark: Yes, Matt's looking it up here, Mike, this is Sean. My recollection is that the D.C. portfolio becomes about 16%, 17% on a combined basis. Give us just a second we can take a peek at it for you. We'll send you a note with that, Mike, with precise numbers.
