Kevin O'Shea: Turning to Slide 7. You will see our updated 2024 full year financial and operating outlook. Based on our performance to date and our expectations for the remainder of the year, we are raising our projection for full year core FFO per share by $0.11 to $11.02 per share. This represents a year-over-year growth rate of 3.7%, which is a healthy 100 basis point increase relative to our outlook in April and a 220 basis point increase relative to our January outlook. We're also favorably adjusting our expectations for full year same-store revenue, operating expense and NOI growth. We now expect revenue growth of 3.5% and same-store NOI growth of 2.9% in 2024, which are favorable increases of 40 basis points and 80 basis points, respectively, relative to our prior outlook in April. Lastly, our midyear forecast includes a strong increase in new development starts of nearly $200 million to just over $1 billion of new starts in 2024. Matt will provide additional details on this activity in a few moments. Slide 8 highlights the drivers of the $0.11 increase to our full year projected core FFO per share midpoint relative to our April outlook. Encouragingly and importantly, strong performance within the same-store portfolio is driving most of the increase. In addition, we are benefiting from outperformance at our lease-up communities. These amounts are partially offset by other items, including minor adjustments in capital markets activity and overhead. Slide 9 provides a road map from our second quarter core FFO per share to our third quarter projected core FFO per share midpoint. Looking at the components of the sequential quarterly change, we expect revenue growth from the same-store portfolio and NOI contributions from lease activity and other stabilized communities to drive $0.08 of sequential core FFO per share growth. These contributions will be affected by a combination of higher same-store operating expense growth in the third quarter, which we expect will increase about 6% on a year-over-year basis. Adjustments in capital markets and transaction market activities which are primarily driven by recent net disposition activity in the last month, consistent with our sell first and buy later transaction strategy and by adjustments in overhead expenses. In the fourth quarter, we expect reduced same-store operating expense growth. And for full year 2024, we now expect same-store operating expense growth of 4.8%, which is a 60 basis point decrease from our last quarter outlook and an 80 basis point decrease from our January outlook. Based on our performance to date, and our projected core FFO per share midpoint for the third quarter, the implied projected core FFO per share midpoint for the fourth quarter is $2.84 per share. Notably, this strong sequential growth in Q4 is primarily driven by our growth from our same-store portfolio and our lease-up communities during the fourth quarter. I will now turn the call over to Sean.
Kevin O'Shea: Yes, Eric, this is Kevin. I'll take a crack at this one. Others may want to jump in. We weren't trying to signal anything about '25 in terms of our guidance yet. It's a little bit early at this point in the year to do that. Rather recently noting that the fourth quarter would be expected to have a sequential increase in earnings to get from that third quarter to midpoint core FFO per share guidance of $2.71 to the implied midpoint in the fourth quarter of $2.84. That 13% pickup is primarily driven by sequential growth from 3Q to the fourth quarter in the same-store portfolio. Much of it is a seasonal decline in operating expenses, but some of it is a sequential continued increase in same-store revenue item of business annual trends that Sean alluded to in his remarks as well some other adjustments. So that was really all we're trying to signal and road map to investors is the growth from 3Q to 4Q and the components and the sources of that being kind of coming primarily from same-store as well as continued growth from our lease-up portfolio as well.
Kevin O'Shea: Sure. John, it's Kevin. Sean may want to jump in here a little bit. Essentially, what you've got going on in the second quarter, third quarter is a seasonal uptick in the number of the OpEx categories, particularly redecorating utilities and marketing expenses as well as a timing-related increase in nonroutine expenses. So what you're seeing, you're going through the second quarter, third quarter, essentially $0.09 sequential increase in OpEx in the same-store portfolio. And then in the fourth quarter, you see that reversal seasonally in the fourth quarter for Roper [ph] going to be the sort of a $0.07 sequential decline from the fourth quarter in OpEx. So that's a little bit of the background on that one.
Matthew Birenbaum: All right. Great. Thanks, Sean. Turning to our development communities. You can see Slide 14 details the continued impressive results being generated by our lease-ups. The 6 development communities that had active leasing in the second quarter are delivering rents $320 per month or 11% above our initial underwriting, which is translating into a 40 basis points increase in yield. And this performance is being supported by strong leasing velocity with these assets averaging 37 net leases per month which was an all-time company record driving our increased guidance for lease-up NOI for the year by roughly $4 million. On the strength of these results and with the transaction market providing more insight into current asset values, we are also increasing our projected development start volume for the year, as shown on Slide 15. We now expect to break ground on 9 new communities this year for a total projected capital cost of $1.05 billion with the vast majority of these starts in either expansion regions or the Northeast and almost exclusively in suburban submarkets. Three of these starts occurred in the second quarter, with most of the others expected in Q3. Based on today's rents, operating expenses and construction costs, these developments are underwriting to a projected yield of 6.4%, generating our target spread of 100 to 150 basis points over current cap rates and we control a total development rights pipeline of roughly $4.5 billion, providing plenty of opportunities for future profitable growth in years to come. Turning to Slide 16. After several quarters, which were quiet, we have also been active in the transaction market recently, closing on 5 dispositions since our last call for aggregate sales proceeds of $515 million. All of these dispositions were in our established coastal regions and they priced at a weighted average cap rate of 5.1%, reflecting an average price per home of $475,000. 3 of the 5 sales were also in urban submarkets where we are seeing better investor interest after several years where these locations were heavily out of favor with institutional capital. We've reinvested a bit less than half of this capital so far into 3 acquisitions in our expansion regions at an average price per home of $260,000 as we are starting to find attractive opportunities to buy the low replacement cost in submarkets and assets that we like. Our asset trading activity continues to move us closer to our long-term portfolio allocation goals of having 25% of our portfolio and expansion regions and 80% in suburban submarkets. We will look to redeploy more of those proceeds before the end of the year as well as bring several additional assets to market as we continue to focus on optimizing our portfolio as we grow. And with that, I'll turn it back to Ben.
Matthew Birenbaum: John, it's Matt. Yes, very similar. I mean, again, these are communities where it's 150 homes in one location with a small amenity package, including a clubhouse and a pool and the operating margins are very comparable to multifamily communities that we would have in that region.
Matthew Birenbaum: Just one thing I'd add there, Jamie, just to be clear, whether we're doing it as an AvalonBay or DFP, they're both on balance sheet. We're both match funding them and they're being reported as consolidated communities. The only difference is that, in one case, our development and construction teams are actually executing on it. And in the other case, there's a third-party developer. But from a capitalization point of view, they are the same. .
Matthew Birenbaum: Yes. John, it really is depending on the geography. So the next $1 billion versus starts, what are those yields going to look like, it does depend on where they are. So we're finding yields basically from here in the mid-Atlantic North to Boston, the suburban kind of medium density to lower density product mid- to high 6s to even pushing 7 or even a little bit north of 7 and some of our Jersey starts. What we're seeing in the expansion regions is yields kind of around 6%, low 6s. But again, cap rates are lower there as well. So that -- we still have that spread. And on the West Coast, it's hard to find deals that you can get a yield into the 6s which is why very little of the start activity is in those regions. So it would really depend on kind of the mix of business. And then the other thing I'd say is hard costs are moving, and you don't know how much until you actually bring the jobs to bid. So some of the acceleration that we're seeing this year is, frankly, because hard costs are coming in a little better than we thought. So those deals are starting to pencil a little better than we thought. So and we have more visibility into that on the jobs that are closer to start than the ones that aren't. So there are some deals that aren't going to be ready to start for another year or two, where based on the hard costs we looked at 12 months ago, they might be in the 5s, but based on our hard costs today, they might be in the 6s.
Matthew Birenbaum: No. In fact, if anything, it's the inverse. The newer deals we're signing up have a lower land basis that's more reflective of where today's market is.
Matthew Birenbaum: Yes. So the 3 we bought so far, the cap rates around 5. And again, we sold the cap rate is just slightly north of that at 5.1. So that spread has actually come in some. I looked at last year that it was more about -- it was probably 40 basis points. So now that's one reason why we're looking to be more active because we feel like the trade is looking a little better. We are hoping to do at least another $300 million or so of acquisitions before the end of the year. We could certainly do more. We have more assets that we're going to bring to sale in the disposition market as well. So -- but it depends on if we find assets that we like.
Matthew Birenbaum: Michael, it's Matt. It's an interesting question. For sure, in Jersey, the late -- the last round of Mount Laurel kind of affordable housing allocations was more aggressive than the prior 3 rounds, and we've been the beneficiary of that with an increase in very high-yielding development opportunities. But it is -- it does -- there will be more supply in some of those inland suburban markets than we've seen in the past. We haven't seen that Boston, by contrast, the 4B framework has been the same for the last 30 years. There's actually a lot of towns that are kind of at their 40 threshold now. So as Sean mentioned, the suburban supply in Boston is pretty muted and I would expect it to stay that way. Long Island is another place where they don't really have the ability to force supply on some of these recalcitrant jurisdictions. The governor tried and got her head handed to ourselves. So I would say Jersey is probably the biggest example. The one that people talk about a lot is California, where the state legislature is trying to do things that would push jurisdictions to approve more housing. What we've seen so far is those attempts haven't been as effective as I think the advocates had hoped because it's still really, really difficult to make the economics work in California. So I wouldn't -- I wouldn't be concerned that there's going to be a sudden onslaught of supply there anytime soon.
Matthew Birenbaum: Yes. Alex, it's Matt. No, it is -- we are almost complete with exiting the Connected market completely. You're right. If you go back, I think we probably sold 15 assets in Connecticut in the last 6 or 7 years. And once you're on that path to have a couple becomes very operationally inefficient. So you're right. I mean those -- the ones that [indiscernible] was among kind of the absolute most desirable of our Connecticut portfolio, but we've kind of made the decision that we're exiting that market. And so when you only have 2 or 3 assets left, it's kind of not worth it. .
Matthew Birenbaum: And Rich, in terms of who the sellers are -- what we're finding at least the assets we've been buying and then some of the others that we bid on and maybe haven't been successful. There's a lot of kind of institutional owners that are in funds where the funds are limited like vehicles, may be reaching the end of their 7- or 10-year fund life, and they're just in a position where -- and frankly, they're sitting on a lot of gains on those assets if they bought them back in '14, '15, '16, and even though not as much gain as what it would have been if they have sold it 2 years ago, they're still in a fine position. And so they're going to meet the market. Again, that's not the majority of the market, and that's why there's still plenty of assets that are not trading and sellers that are still holding out for yesterday's prices. But that's the typical buyer profile, it's usually a fund sponsor with institutional capital who's 3 funds later now, and they're closing out this one.
Matthew Birenbaum: Yes. It's an interesting question. It really does depend on the land economics. So you do see more of it in some of our expansion regions because land is cheaper there and the zoning is more flexible. So you're seeing a lot of it in North Carolina, we're seeing a lot of it in Texas, not so much in Southeast Florida because that looks a lot like the Northeast in terms of where rents are in land values and very little in California because again, kind of land values and -- the other key factor is what's the relative price of home versus the rent. And when you get into California where the homes are 7 figures, it just doesn't pay to build rental townhomes there. It does pay in some of these other regions, and those economics are a lot closer. .
Benjamin Schall: Thanks, Matt. I'll wrap up on Slide 17 with the highlights from our recent ESG report. Our efforts on sustainability are led by Katie Rotenberg and her team but it is a full commitment across the entire organization that enables us to continue to make meaningful progress on these collective initiatives, from reducing our operating costs and environmental impact to making ABB more inclusive and diverse and to all of the time invested via volunteering by our local teams, a huge thanks to all AvalonBay associates. And with that, I'll turn the call to the operator to facilitate questions. .
Benjamin Schall: John, I'll start with a couple of comments, and I appreciate you calling out that new project in Plano. The BTR space, when people talk about BTR. Significant portion of it is townhome development, and that's a product that we're very comfortable with, one we've developed historically, one in which we own, operate and develop today. So it's a product that we like the prospects of going forward, you think about demographics, population ships, you think about what's happening in the for-sale market. And so we've been active in the townhome space, I'd say, increasingly active over the last couple of years, and it's some places where we're building townhomes in conjunction with our apartment projects. . We actually have some town owned projects that we built that are full townhome projects. So this -- as we go forward, the Plano project sort of fits that type of growth and our growth in BTR, growth in townhome, you should expect to come through our similar channels of how we've been growing, which is some through our own development, some through funding of other developers, which is what this Plano project was as well as some potential acquisitions.
Benjamin Schall: Jamie, what I would call out as different going forward is we have, to a certain degree, institutionalized our programs are providing capital to third-party developers. And we think about that as additive to the external investment activity that we make through our own teams. As we look out over the next number of months and number of quarters, you can hear from us, we are incrementally more positive in and around the prospects on development. And we're excited for the DFP program because it potentially allows us to accelerate external investment activity, call it earlier in that development cycle.
Benjamin Schall: On the second part, Josh, that's a separate bucket of activity. So that's not in the operating model, $80 million target. It's part of an NOI enhancing pool that also has the sustainability benefits associated with it. And so when we talked at the Investor Day around our increased menu and opportunity set to be investing back into the portfolio in the 10% to 14% type of range. Those solar projects were a component of that.
Benjamin Schall: Rich, this is Ben. I'll handle the first part, and Matt can talk to the seller dynamics. On the first part, and we think it is an opportune time to effectuate the trade. And Matt talked to earlier, sort of the upfront dilution has gotten pretty narrow as we think about selling older, slower growth assets out of our established regions and then reallocating that capital. The other part that comes to mind is I'm not a believer that, that window is closing. I think when you look at the supply dynamics that are going to continue to be a wait on operating fundamentals in a lot of those markets as well as that we're still a certain degree of the front wave of refinancing activity. I expect the window of opportunity to be with us for a while.
Sean Breslin: Yes, Eric, it's Sean. Yes, I mean, overall, what I'd say is you sit back and look at it relative to what we've seen in the last couple of years, things are absolutely trending in the right direction, right? So it's 2.3% last year. We're looking in terms of underlying bad debt. We're expecting that to decline down into the roughly 1.7% range for 2024. So it's moved in the right direction. Each month, each quarter it can be a little bit bumpy based on underlying activity. But I think we're trending in the right direction. We've not provided a precise forecast as to when we would expect it to get back to normal levels just based on the underlying activity that has to manifest itself in actually happening, which relates to court cases and various things like that. So we'll certainly provide our best insight as we turn the quarter towards 2025, but you feel good about the overall change from '23 to '24 at this point in time.
Sean Breslin: Yes, Austin, it's Sean. Given where we sit here with kind of half the year left to go, it wouldn't be appropriate to make comments as it relates to what we think the earnings going to be in January. But you can sort of do some math based on rent change last year versus this year and try to reach your own conclusion on that.
Sean Breslin: Yes. I think for the most part, Austin, if you think back to Q4 of last year, we have a little bit softer comps when we get to Q4 of this year and that is in part producing the expectation for a slightly better revenue growth in Q4 as well as the continued activity in a couple of areas. One, from an operating initiative standpoint, continue to drive other rental revenue. We continue to push that and see that increasing sequentially as we move quarter-to-quarter. And then consistent with my last comment, we do expect bad debt in the second half of the year, potentially by Q4 to be a little bit better as compared to where we've been. So there's a few things that are contributing to it. But I would say the softer comp from last year is really the primary reason.
Sean Breslin: Yes. Jim, it's Sean. Why don't I take your second question first. Just from a macro perspective, I think we feel generally pretty good about the outlook that we provided. And I would say, just relative to last year, I mean, different things happening in terms of the general outlook, but I would say overall, each time we present our forecast, presumable we think is our realistic case for that forecast and the environment sort of dictates that. So I wouldn't say we're more or less confident this year than last year, per se, there's a lot of things that are happening out there that you could point to that you create concerns or you can create optimism, we try not to get caught up in that. As it relates to the outlook for the market, I'll try to keep it at a high level as opposed to going through all the regions, but we do expect continued outperformance across our established East Coast regions in the second half of the year relative to the Sunbelt and relative to the West Coast regions, generally speaking, with 1 exception potentially to be in Seattle, which has surprised -- I think most of us to the upside in the first half of the year and expect a solid growth in Seattle in the back half of the year. So without going through every region, I would think of it as East established, West established, followed by the expansion regions in terms of the latter of performance.
Sean Breslin: Yes, Adam, it's Sean. We've mentioned that for August and September, renewals went out in the low 6s, which is the visibility that we have today.
Sean Breslin: Yes, Adam, it's Sean again. I mean I think the way it lays out is pretty consistent with historical seasonal patterns where you think about where you start the year in January, asking rents typically rise up through kind of early July, spending in the market, I'm kind of picking the average here, 6%, 7%, then you see a decelerate in the back half of the year, also consistent with seasonal norms. And so the acceleration that we saw was a combination of 2 things. One, the seasonal approach or seasonal factors. Second is just our overall revenue management approach. And what we saw early in the first quarter was better than anticipated occupancy, lower turnover. We hit the gas pretty hard as it related to asking rents. You saw that manifest itself in both renewals and new move-ins as we move through Q2. But as you see the seasonal peak in rents, and you try to make sure that you're maintaining stable occupancy, you start to see it begin to decelerate July, August time frame for the balance of the year. And so as you look at what happened, for example, from June to July, some markets were up a little bit, some markets were down a little bit. Overall, it was net down slightly 30 basis points from June to July, but it's not material in the whole scheme of things. But we would expect to see continued seasonal deceleration as we move through August all the way through the balance of the year.
Sean Breslin: I wouldn't -- I'm not sure anything to watch out for going forward. I mean, typically, and Kevin went through this earlier, but in terms of the sequence of OpEx, you do see a spike in the third quarter historically. And as Kevin noted, for this year, that spike from Q2 to Q3, about 1/3 of that's in utilities based on seasonal increases in energy and water and sewer and things like that, about 1/3 is in R&M seasonal increase in turnover, which is historically the case and some projects from the first half to the second half and then kind of nits and nats and then things slow down as you get into the fourth quarter. So I think that's normal. I think the pattern has changed materially. . What you should see going forward that would be different, and we have explained before, is that as it relates to the absolute level of OpEx growth, we have a number of things happening that will begin to dissipate in terms of the impact on the portfolio in 2025. So our OpEx guidance for the full year is the [indiscernible] that we identified, but there's about 160 basis points of unusual activity embedded in that, about 80 basis points from the burn off of various pilots, mainly for 21 days and then the net impact of the operating initiatives, primarily in utilities category with both telecom, Internet, things of that sort. So kind of the organic run rate is closer to 320 basis points for this year. And some of those elevated activities that I just mentioned will begin to dissipate as you get into 2025. So without providing specific guidance, there's a little bit more of a tailwind as we get into '25 related to those various categories, but the seasonal patterns won't really change if you think about it from quarter-to-quarter.
Sean Breslin: Yes, Michael, it's Sean. In terms of sort of movement, if you want to describe it that way, nothing terribly substantial. The only thing that might be worth noting that has continued in Q2, we saw the same thing in Q1 is that in the tech markets, particularly in Northern California and Seattle, the percentage of new move-ins from a more distant location within that same region is a little bit elevated. So people that may have moved to second, third ring out or some rural locations during COVID over the last year, they have started to come back and closer. It wasn't like to move 1,500 miles away, but they moved 150 miles that type of thing. So that's the only thing of note as it relates to movement. And then your second question, just in terms of other resident behavior in terms of reasons for move-outs, the percentage of move-outs related to rent increase is above historical norms, not surprised just given the inflationary pressures we've seen across the economy over the last couple of years. But on the sort of flip side, you got to move out to buy a home is way below historical norms. And so renting is still the more affordable option, particularly in our markets where the spread between kind of medium-priced rent and medium price for home is equivalent to more than $2,000 a month is a big number in our established regions. Renting is still the most affordable alternatives. So people are potentially making different choices and other parts of their daily life. But that's the only thing of note.
Sean Breslin: Yes, this is Sean. Happy to take that one. We [indiscernible] front, there's a lot of different things happening across different states. So without being specific, I would just say that the various associations that we're involved with and others are very active in engaging with the local political folks as it relates to what's happening, what's being proposed ballot initiatives, various things like that. So there's a lot of engagement there to manage that activity, most importantly, to educate people as it relates to the pros and cons of various policies. I think the trend we've seen, generally speaking, is that both political entities and individuals are sensitive to Matt's earlier point about doing things that will impact the future supply of housing in a negative way. And I think that's something that has been good for the industry over the last couple of years. . The topic of regulatory control might challenge, but we understand the policy and its impact is absolutely the wrong policy. And for that same reason, there is plenty of engagement not only with the advised administration, but the potential 2 candidates, particularly through the National Multi Housing Council and others as it relates to any kind of national policy, which likely putting a lot of teeth to it. First off, is the States, but just the harm [ph] as it relates to the supply of housing, which is actually what they're trying to solve for. So I think there's slightly a road map there for other policies to promote some housing in areas where it's needed. That is not direct control in nature [ph]. But obviously, can't predict exactly what people may talk about in an election environment.
Sean Breslin: Not necessarily. This is John again. I mean it's a typical concessions, 2 months, 3 months, depending on the lease term in the sort of hyper supplied market like part of Austin as an example, or maybe some of the Charlotte places like that, our field people with positive stuff like that, and nothing atypical from what you typically see in this kind of environment where there are pockets of supply commensurate impact on lease-ups.
