Timothy J. Naughton: Thanks, Sean. So in summary, 2013 is shaping up to be another great year for the company. Apartment markets continue to support strong internal growth, and the portfolio is well positioned headed into the winter leasing season. In addition, we believe fundamentals are likely to remain healthy over the next few years, which bodes well for 2014 and beyond, as we deliver an increasing number of development communities into the market. This level of development is supported by strong liquidity and a balance sheet position to fund this activity in a cost effective manner, helping to facilitate earnings and NAV growth over the next few years from this important growth platform. And with that, operator, we are now prepared to open the call for questions.
Timothy J. Naughton: Derek, well, I think it's in our 2013. We did mention it, but the $0.02 reduction in same-store outlook will essentially bring you towards the lower end of the range of 5 to 5.75 for same-store NOI for the full year 2013.
Timothy J. Naughton: Sure, Derek, happy to. In terms of the different submarkets within Seattle, I mean, our portfolio is basically Bellevue, Redmond, a little bit in the North End and then really very, very little in same-store, Downtown. So if you look at the distribution, it's 1 asset for us, Downtown, which has performed well on a year-over-year basis, but sequentially was the softest of the submarkets within Seattle. So it's a sample of one, so keep that in mind, but that's what we're seeing there. And then we also saw more softening in the Redmond during the third quarter. If you look at it sequentially, we are hearing some feedback really just anecdotal for the most part, in terms of some of the contract workers for Microsoft, some of those projects either being paused or delayed for certain reasons that we can't put a specific finger on, but obviously, you've got a CEO transition going on in Microsoft, and I'm sure they are reevaluating certain strategic priorities they are considering. And as I understand based on what we know, there's been some contract workers that have left the area. So it did have an impact on Redmond. Bellevue has been pretty healthy, and then on the North End, it's actually been relatively healthy for us. There was some noise around Boeing in terms of layoffs and things like that. But if you look at it on a sequential basis, the North End was fine in the third quarter and held up better than Redmond did during the third quarter. Hopefully, that helps.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes. 150,000 jobs a month, Derek, this is Tim, I think that would be consistent, probably the lower end of that range of 2%, 2.5% GDP growth. But yes, it's our sense somewhere in the 150,000 to 200,000 jobs per month would support the kind of supply that we're seeing both in the multifamily side of the market, as well as the single-family side. It's not still result [ph] in a growing shortage.
Timothy J. Naughton: David, this is Tim. Yes, probably a little bit of both. I mean, obviously, you had $600 million moved from the Development Rights pipeline into development community basket, driven largely by the Willoughby deal in Brooklyn. But -- and as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we brought on $2 billion in new Development Rights this year, $700 million or so of those were from Archstone and about $1.2 billion, $1.3 billion, were sort of AVB legacy deals. But to your second point, based upon our view of the markets, I guess I'd be surprised if we kind of continued that kind of run rate and replenishing the pipeline next year, just based upon the opportunity set and kind of where we would likely be in the cycle by at time we actually took those deals through the entitlement process and actually got them built and stabilized. So I guess I would say we're not feeling quite the same sense of urgency to maybe fill the pipeline as we have certainly in 2010 -- 2011 to mid-2013 period.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, in terms of the projected yield, assuming relatively a decent economy, I think we're around there today. A lot of it is being driven by the Willoughby deal, the Brooklyn deal, which was a legacy deal plus New York assets tend to be on the lower end of the yield spectrum, I mean to give you a sense, that would be a high 5s kind of yield. So it's being driven as much by the introduction of Willoughby into the pipeline as anything else. In fact, the drop from 6.6% to 6.4% this past quarter is almost entirely due to the combination of Willoughby and Hayes Valley, which is a phenomenally located community in Downtown San Francisco, which are both in the high 5s to 6 range in terms of development yields.
Timothy J. Naughton: Alex, this is Tim and certainly Tom can jump in. I did, Tom, in our financial flexibility and one of the reasons we want to have flexibility is to be able to avail ourselves of whatever capital product makes the most sense in a particular time. When you're trading at -- if you're trading at applied cap rate or discount NAV, obviously, it's going to make a little bit make sense on a net -- at the margins to be a net seller of assets rather than a net buyer. But as it relates to 2014, I suspect our capital raises will be from a variety of different sources, whether that be net dispositions, debt or equity.
Timothy J. Naughton: Ross, I was just going to add, I read my comment in my prepared remarks was really much directed about new start activity, just equity flows starting to abate as it relates to new development. But it certainly can be extrapolated to the entire space, and it's all related, right, in terms of -- if there's lots of development activity, that's likely to support asset values to the extent there's less equity flows to support transactions that might suppress them a little bit as well. So I think you have to look at it fairly holistically.
Timothy J. Naughton: No. We still anticipate that the peak level will, in terms of deliveries, will be in 2014 in our markets. Originally, we thought it might have been as early as late 2013, but there were some starts that got pushed back later to 2013 than we had originally had anticipated, such that the peak volume started to really crest more in Q1, Q2 of 2014. And I think we'll start to see that same trend for national markets as well. I think some of it stands to reason, our market -- sometimes the permitting process just takes longer than anything it's going to take. Whereas obviously in some of the Sunbelt markets, you can get into the ground a little bit quicker, and therefore sometimes accelerated start.
Timothy J. Naughton: This is Tim. Obviously, we haven't given any guidance or outlook for 2014 yet, so we can't really comment on that. But in terms of the math as it relates to Q4, I said towards the lower end of the range, I don't think I've said the actual -- I don't think I said the low-end of the range, but towards the low end of the range.
Timothy J. Naughton: I would hesitate to give you a percentage, but I would expect it to be less. I would expect this year, next year likely to be sort of the peak levels for us. In part, it's because of the Archstone transaction as well. Remember, we did inherit about $1 billion of new development from Archstone. $300 million are under construction, about $700 million in development, right? So it's driven as much by that, and then in combination with kind of my earlier remarks, in terms of -- just in terms of sort of the relative attractiveness at this point in the cycle versus 2, 3 years ago. The way I've described it internally, if we have to dial it at 9 or 10 in terms of new development opportunities in 2010, '11, maybe it's more like 7 or 8 over the last couple of years and maybe it's dialed back down to 5 or 6 given where we are in the cycle today. So we're are still active, still chasing deals. But looking for -- still looking for value, which is a bit more challenging just given where land price and construction costs have gone.
Timothy J. Naughton: Couple of things, Rich. We have said, we do expect it to be above trend for the next 2, 3 years, just based upon fundamentals as we see it today. But I think we talked about this last quarter as well. If you look back to the '90s versus the 2000s, the 2000s was accelerating until it stopped and then it decelerated. And the '90s were very different, where you had supply being relatively constant, which is what we're seeing today, we've seen it over the last 12 or 18 months, but the job growth maybe stronger one year, a little bit weaker the next year but still in a positive growth economy. We saw same-store performance move up and down by 100 to 200 basis points from one year to the next, and that's -- so when we talk about this being more like the '90s that's what we're talking about. We don't see it being just a straight up acceleration followed by deceleration over a course of 4 years, which is what the 2000 cycle gave us.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes, Rich, I just have one thing to add, I think just broadly, just housing prices and values just aren't there yet to support a lot of activity. You just think about where affordability is versus where it was in 2005 and '06, that's what drove a lot of the conversions. You just go back over the last 15 years and you look at the trend in apartment values versus the trend in housing prices, it's just not going to support much condo conversion activity at this point with the exception of a few markets, maybe Manhattan, South Florida, San Francisco.
Timothy J. Naughton: Nick, this is Tim. I don't know exactly what we have assumed for rents. But the biggest thing we're doing from a risk mitigation standpoint is match funding. We raised about coincidentally between the bond deal and free cash flow and net dispo proceeds, we raised about what we started this past quarter. So it's one of the reasons why we have as much liquidity, as much cash on our balance sheet as we have right now. It's a reflection of just the -- more making commitments. We're taking more of that risk off the table and taking less capital markets risk with respect to big investments like Willoughby. We can certainly get to the -- I think the rents are -- the average rent is actually in the press release and we get you the average square footage for sure.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes. Well, it's not our first high-rise or development deal in New York, down in Manhattan, down in Long Island City, been involved and then others in Brooklyn. So we have a lot of the same styles who work with at Fort Greene. And Michael, buy it all out of front, so cost committed. Costs have come back a bit, so these are contractors that are making money again. So we're not talking about guys that are doing business underneath cost, which you had a little bit going on in 2009 and 2010. So I think in some ways, the risk is less perhaps than what we've seen. But maybe you could have seen a couple of years ago, as costs started to rise and you started to see some subs [ph] start to walk from jobs. We haven't seen that. I haven't seen that in New York. I really haven't had that experience. And I just point back to the billions that we've built over the last 10 years. Our cost record has been excellent. In general, it was in about plus or minus 1% of projected capital budget.
Timothy J. Naughton: In that case, very little. The land seller actually has a right to buy back whatever retail is there. So I mean it is almost exclusively residential in terms of the exposure to the rent roll.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, it's an issue that any financial asset has, right. It's not just confined to rental housing. To answer that, you'd have to answer that question with respect all real estate and financial assets. I do think we have a bit of a buffer as it relates to fundamentals. As rates move up, you would expect homeownership rates to be a bit constrained as affordability becomes a little bit tougher from a homeownership perspective. So my comments, to be clear, were really about the operating fundamentals and not the capital market fundamentals. When you get to actual valuation, it's always going to be a function of both and not just rising capital cost, but what's the source of rising capital cost, is it real rates or is it nominal real rates. I think the recent backup we saw in repricing was really a reflection of real rate movement as opposed to nominal movement, which obviously real estate provides a bit of a hedge from that as well. So I think if -- you really have to sort of take into account all those things, operating fundamentals, the source of inflation in terms of the impact ultimately of capital cost on valuation.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes, perhaps. I think homeownership price probably, as much as anything, is driven by the ability to generate a down payment. When you look historically at homeownership rate patterns -- I mean, our view on the future is that we're going to have much more balanced housing demand, much like we did from the early 70s to the mid-90s. It was really only in the 2000s where you had this distortion of first for-sale housing and then rental housing and we're back sort of in that norm level of around 65% -- 65% homeownership rate. And so that's frankly, that's our expectation going forward, that we'll continue to have more balanced rental -- more balanced housing demand between rental and for sale.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, as I mentioned in my remarks, our focus on suburban as of late was in part to the kind of run up we saw in land pricing on urban deals, particularly deals that were entitled -- a lot of the urban deals that have been purchased and have been started were already entitled. And those traded -- and somewhat traded a little bit more commodity like in terms of from a valuation perspective, so as demand move, pricing move pretty quickly in response. But I suspect land cost pressures will start to abate somewhat if capital costs move up and required returns follow and I think that's probably a little bit why you've seen equity pull back a little bit as of late.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, we look at everything on current economic basis. So if you could start it today, they'd all pencil out in a sense. And I have said that time will take 2 or 3 years to get through the entitlement process and you are -- it's one of the reasons why we're going to use option contracts, you're making somewhat of a bet that rental fundamentals will not be too disconnected from construction market fundamentals, right. Your land costs are fixed, so you've got your bid hedge with respect to the capital cost, but ultimately, if -- you are betting that they don't become too unhinged [ph] with one another. And if they do, that's why you option the land. Potentially, you have an opportunity to renegotiate or to walk away if it doesn't make economic sense.
Timothy J. Naughton: I think the operating FFO, which would exclude the nonroutine is about -- was actually at 1.64 to get to the 6.25 for the full year.
Timothy J. Naughton: Which includes the adjustments for the nonroutine items that you're asking, and any nonroutine items that you're asking about.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes, great question, Andrew. We haven't marked any deals that have not yet started leasing to market where we don't have at least about 20% of the leases in place. So the answer is no, we haven't marked that to market.
Timothy J. Naughton: I did. In terms of October, what is in hand in terms of committed renewals is about 5.25. And as you look forward to November and December, which is what's out right now, those offers are out in the mid-5s.
Timothy J. Naughton: Mike, this is Tim. I think I've talked about that in the past. The deals that -- a couple of deals that just stabilized around -- they stabilized right around 7, they're up maybe 20 basis points or so from the original underwriting. The deals year-to-date are stabilized at around 7.5, and that's probably closer to 40, 50 basis points above original underwriting.
Timothy J. Naughton: Okay, operator, thank you, and thanks, everybody for being on the call. And we look forward to seeing many of you in a few weeks in San Francisco in NAREIT. Take care.
Sean J. Breslin: Derek, this is Sean Breslin. In terms of occupancy, in terms of where we're running right now, as I mentioned, we're in the high 95s. So on a current basis, we're basically trending about where we trended during the third quarter. In terms of November and December, we haven't provided specific guidance on that, but to give you some sense of where we're trending right now.
Sean J. Breslin: David, this is Sean. I can touch on the specific issue that came up during the quarter, which is a property tax refund that we received as a result of an appeal on a Mission Bay asset in San Francisco. Just in round numbers to give you a sense, you can run the math, it was about $1.2 million [ph] number that flow through. So that should give you some sense of what it did to overall expense growth during the quarter.
Sean J. Breslin: This is Sean. As it relates to turnover, a few comments. First, it obviously did run up in the third quarter as compared to the first 2 quarters. We pushed the hardest during the third quarter in terms of rental rate increases. So we were expecting turnover to come up some, it probably came up a little more than we thought. The one piece that we had not anticipated is that of the 500 basis point increase in turnover, about 40% of that was what we call unplanned move outs or in common terms, lease breaks. And so, you can sort of project what you think that's going to be based on history, but that activity was up more than we expected. And generally, what that ties back to is either home purchases or job relocations is where you see it show up in those different categories. So you sort of have a trend that you expect that was unexpected, so that's one piece of it. In terms of the reasons, like home purchase, rent increase, et cetera, it's actually pretty steady. If you looked at that on a year-over-year basis, there wasn't a lot of change. On a sequential basis, as I mentioned, rent increases did move up by about 200 basis points, which was not necessarily too surprising given how hard we were pushing on the gas in terms of renewals. And then as it relates to maybe the regional distribution, I think you mentioned, we did see the greatest year-over-year change in the Pacific Northwest, which was up about 14%. And then Northern California and Southern California were up 7% and 6%, respectively. And the market that were more moderate, new England was up about 3%, mid-Atlantic was about flat. So that's sort of the distribution of it. But I think there was just more activity overall than what we expected and the reasons didn't change dramatically on a year-over-year basis when you really look at it. Home purchases were up a little bit but not dramatically.
Sean J. Breslin: I mean come over time, certainly turnover is going to move back to longer-term averages. You would expect how long it takes to get there is something that we don't know, you would expect it to be more correlated with overall improvement and economic activity though to free up job relocations, more home purchase activity, things of that sort, as new homes get built. The piece that's a little less predictable, to be honest, is the unplanned piece, which is as I mentioned, is about 40% of that 500 basis points. So our expectations for the year were that turnover would be up about 200 basis points relative to last year's 53%. We're probably not going to be that far off when you smooth it out in the fourth quarter, which is typically the lower volume quarter to begin with.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, what I was quoting was the year-over-year change in turnover for each one of the regions. And in the Pacific Northwest, turnover was up 14% and then Northern and Southern California were 7% and 6%. That's the year-over-year change. In terms of the lease breaks that I mentioned, that was a portfolio-wide quote, that of the 500-basis-point increase from 65% to 70%, 40% of that resulted from an increase in lease break activity that's somewhat volatile and hard to forecast. We sort of have a baseline of what we think that's going to be in terms of how we manage revenue based on historical trends. It just happened to be up in the third quarter.
Sean J. Breslin: Overall, yes. It does vary by market, which I don't have in front of me right at the moment. But generally, lease breaks are about 20% to 30% of our total turnover activity. It just happened to spike during the third quarter. So we're taking a look at that in terms of what that might be related to. Some of the things that you would hope it might be related to in terms of economic activity, job relocations and things like that, did move up a little bit. We just haven't correlated all those back to unplanned move outs yet.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, move ins. Yes, so it's around 3% for new move ins, 6.1% in renewals, correct, blended in to mid-4s.
Sean J. Breslin: Across all the baskets, turnover was up, and it did vary. So they weren't all 500 basis points, so it did move around. But, yes, Archstone was also up.
Sean J. Breslin: This is Sean. I'll mention a couple of things, then Tim can comment if he like. But in terms of transaction volume, which you see in RCA, obviously transaction volume, if you look at the U.S. overall, actually is up about 17% through 3 quarters relative to last year. Our up markets is actually down a little bit when you look at it. But there has been a number of portfolio trades this year that's made up some of that activity. So on a one-off basis, if you exclude the portfolio, trades activity is down across the U.S. about 10%. Part of that is just a function of what's available for sale and prior to the end of 2012, there's a fair bit of activity from people that were concerned about tax law changes. So I know from a lot of discussions we have with major owners, there was price -- some of that activity is pulled forward into '12 and you're seeing some of the softening as a result in the volume in '13. And as it relates -- so that's sort of the volume picture, in terms of cap rates, certainly, you would expect to the extent that we're seeing fundamentals slow as we move forward in terms of NOI growth, the people are dialing in the same returns, at comparable cost of capital, you would expect cap rates to come up a little bit. I think that question for everybody is, what is going to happen with cost of capital and total returns as a result of that, since those 2 are intertwined. And obviously, we started to run up in the 10 year, but it's starting to ease back off. The pricing we're seeing in the transaction market is holding up pretty well. I mean, there was a little bit of softening in certain markets as you might expect. But we've not seen a dramatic run-up in cap rates at this point. And Tim can comment on the future, if he likes.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, Jana, this is Sean. As it relates to the D.C. Metro, yes, we do try to optimize revenue growth for each of the markets independently, and it's done at the asset level and even done at the unit level. And so, there's not a blanket statement for -- that applies to every asset, but just in terms of general tactics for the mid-Atlantic, some of the things you mentioned, yes, trying to get lease renewals earlier. So for example, when we were back in August and September, we were approaching people that had November and December lease expirations, trying to get them to renew early, looking more closely with the lease expiration matrix and adjusting that a little bit in terms of the natural bell curve that we have to try and shift some stuff out. So there are number of different things that we do in terms of trying to manage our risk in a market as it starts to soften, but it really is done at the submarket and the asset level.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes. I think Tim quoted the lower end of the NOI growth range that we provided in our midyear outlook, is that what you're referring to? Yes, I think Tim's comment was that we'd be at the lower end of the NOI range. We didn't specifically get into the revenue or OpEx targets other than that we're within the guidance that we gave mid-year.
Sean J. Breslin: Sure. Be happy to, Vincent. This is Sean. In terms of the Archstone portfolio relative to the AvalonBay same-store portfolio, the AvalonBay same-store portfolio actually outperformed the Archstone portfolio on a sequential basis. And really, it's was a function of the distribution of the assets. So for example, there's some larger high-rise assets here in the RBC corridor of D.C. Metro and those tended to underperform in the past quarter when you look at it sequentially, which led to the Archstone basket underperforming the AvalonBay basket during the quarter.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, Rich, this is Sean. As it relates to condo conversion activity, we've not had bidders show up for our assets that are condo converters just yet. If you looked at a window of time and said when would be right for that to occur, it probably is in the near future, when you look at the level of housing production overall, as Tim was talking about relative to historical trends, and the fact that multifamily construction is well ahead of the single-family end of the condo purpose built segments. We've heard about a couple of small deals that I have heard in D.C. where they've done condo conversions. And I think part of it is, there's obviously increasing demand for housing overall, including condominiums, and one thing that probably needs to heal a little bit more is just the financing in the condominium market. Single-family market has been difficult but is easing in terms of being able to secure home financing. Condominium financing for retail buyers is still relatively challenged. And there's a pretty high hurdle to not only get the individual customer approved, but to get the building approved. So that probably needs to soften up a little bit more to see that activity, but we would not be surprised to see some of the deals that were converted to rental, converted back to apartments sometime over the next year or 2. We've seen some of that, but not a lot. And then, Tim can add if you like.
Sean J. Breslin: Rich, this is Sean. I don't have the turnover data by product type in front of me to be able to give you that information, but I'm sure we can get it separately and get it to you.
Sean J. Breslin: This is Sean, just to add on to that, one thing to keep in mind is to how we underwrite rents. We do underwrite rents in place to the extent that the building was constructed sitting there at the time that we start construction. So some companies trend rents based on expected rent growth over a couple of year construction period. We don't do that. So we do expect rent levels would climb over that period of time that we're under construction. But we certainly don't underwrite that component of it.
Sean J. Breslin: Andrew, this is Sean. It really depends on the market. I'll give you some general observations based on what we're seeing, which is the West Coast cap rates are still pretty aggressive. I'd describe it anywhere from low 4s to low 5s, depending on core urban versus second-tier suburban locations. And then as you move to the East Coast, it probably is in the, I'd say, 4.75 to 5.75 for most markets, but that would exclude New York, which is substantially below that as you might know. And then even here in the core of D.C. and the urban markets, we're hearing some stuff that's maybe in the mid-4s. But hopefully that gives you a range of activity based on what we're seeing, not just our own, but others as well.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, Paula. This is Sean. In terms of average -- let me quote average spread first, typically it runs anywhere from 60, 80 basis points. At times, it can get as wide as 100 basis points, depending on the posture that you're taking and how aggressive you're being on both the initial offer, as well as how much you might negotiate off of that. And it does vary a fair amount by market, depending on the strength of that market. So for example, we pushed pretty darn hard on Seattle, but as we started to see a little bit of softening in places I mentioned, like Redmond or Belltown, we backed off a little more quickly versus say LA. Or East Bay is a good example where you don't back off early at all just because you know you can replace that resident with someone else's who's willing to pay more. In the case of the East Bay during this quarter, moving rent change actually exceeded renewal rent change in the East Bay. So I don't have all the market by market spreads in front of me, but it does vary by market.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, Karin, this is Sean. That is a fair assessment. July and August were pretty healthy, but we did start to see the August lease expirations and September lease expirations start to weaken a bit. So if you looked at rent change through the quarter, it did soften, and the turnover rate peaked in September as well. So if you look at a combination of those different indicators, it did soften through the quarter. That is a correct statement.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes. I think what I indicated in my prepared remarks was that we're in the high 95s, 95. So as we move through the winter, relative to last year, we're going to give up a little bit of occupancy most likely given where we're starting in October. It's really a function of trying to optimize revenues best as we can. So in some markets, I mentioned like Boston in my prepared remarks, where we're getting somewhere in the neighborhood of 7% renewal increases and pretty healthy move-in rent increases as well. We are positioned to rent roll in the right way, we're comfortable doing that. So where we're starting from, high 95s, 96, I think is an okay place in terms of October. And we'll see how it unfolds as we move through the quarter, but I think it's a fine place to be there.
Sean J. Breslin: In terms of the 2 brands, what it might related to is sometimes people are asking about As versus Bs which is sort of a proxy for that as well. In terms of our portfolio, the As continue to outperform the Bs, kind of following a Reece [ph] or Axiometrics definition. And they have, over the last 4 quarters, if you're reading through some of the Axiometrics data, that gap has narrowed and in their view, Bs have started to outperform over the last couple of quarters. But it is a market-by-market analysis that you need to do in terms of which segment is outperforming better. For example, in Seattle, Bs seem to be outperforming right now and in D.C, that's the case as well. But if you look at Northern California, the As continue to perform pretty darn well relative to the Bs based on our portfolio mix.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, David, this Sean. When there was the peak run up in interest rates, when we're talking about a 10 year that was in the 2 9s and stuff like that, there was some saber rattling about price reduction and things like that. The deals that we were working on, one of them we dropped a buyer and the other one we picked up someone else, but really, the 2 big deals, the reason they're still there is the fact that they require local jurisdiction approval for certain things, one was the ground lease or is the ground lease, and the other one is subject to a county welfare [ph] provision, both of those just take time to work through the process to actually get the jurisdiction's approval. So that's why the volume hasn't really shifted a lot and not a lot has closed. But there is dimension, a fair amount that we'll be closing here before Thanksgiving.
Thomas J. Sargeant: Ross, something -- an unplanned lease break wouldn't be caused by us pushing too hard on rents because it's by definition, it's unplanned. So just keep that in mind as you're thinking about that question.
Thomas J. Sargeant: Let me speak to it in terms of unencumbered NOI. I think we're going to still be in the high 60s range.
Thomas J. Sargeant: Rich, let me respond to your question about buybacks. It's a capital allocation decision. And right now, development is a compelling use of capital, and that's where we feel like we should be allocating our capital. We always look at stock buybacks, or we'll look at debt buybacks, or we'll look at acquisitions of new existing assets. But right now, where it stands, the compelling use of our capital today is for development.
