Timothy J. Naughton: Oh, in terms -- yes, in terms of -- I'm sorry, in terms of development pipeline, as we discussed in the past, we do expect it to start to drift down. While we're expecting to start about $1.5 billion this year and for it to stay in the $3 billion range over the next couple of years, the development right pipeline has started to -- is down about 15% on a year-over-year basis as we haven't really been replenishing it as quickly as we've been drawing it down from a start standpoint. So part of that is just in terms of how attractive deals look between land cost and construction cost inflation. The going-in yields on the average deal generally aren't as compelling as they were last year or the year before. And just given where we are in the cycle, we would expect that to continue such as it's going to -- as we get further and further into the cycle, just less and less deals we'll underwrite.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes, Andrew, this is Tim. It's hard to parse it in just any one year, to be honest. A lot of it has to do with sort of the ramp up and ramp down. Sometimes, you actually benefit when you starting to do one or the other just in terms of how capitalized interest works relative to expense interest. And conversely as you're starting to sort of draw down any extra inventories, you're starting to -- as you're starting to reduce overall development. But if you look at, as I mentioned in my remarks, at 8.5%, you call it roughly half of that, or 4%, 4.25%, attributable to NOI, we wouldn't expect on a steady-state basis to get 8% or 10% from -- 8% or 10% from the development platform. If you just kind of run the math on $1 billion or $1.2 billion that you get a couple of hundred, 200 to 300 basis points of accretion on, you might -- what you might be -- expect over time is to get 3% or 4%. And when -- but when you look at it over a long period of time, over a 20-year period, we've basically grown FFO at around 7%; and we've grown NOI just over 3%, 3.5%. You get the benefit of some free cash flow that you invest. But those are kind of the numbers. And as you get to mid-cycle, we would expect those numbers to more or less be in line with that. I guess the last thing I'd say is we have been a little bit more -- we have been more disciplined just around match-funding this cycle, which it does bring capital cost -- the full cost of permanent capital into the picture a little earlier than when you're funding it off the line. So that'd be the other factor I'd point out.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes, Nick, I think that's -- I think you hit it. We're looking -- as I mentioned in our remarks, we are looking at 2015 to be elevated in terms of supply but be roughly matched with demand. And so both years, both '14 and '15, we've talked about rising demand match -- I mean, rising supply matched by demand, and we see sort of the same thing playing out in 2015. So honestly, I guess I'd be surprised if our projections would be much different just based upon sort of those underlying fundamentals than what we experienced in '14.
Timothy J. Naughton: I think job growth the biggest piece of it, yes. As I mentioned in my remarks, there's still -- we still think there's a lot of pent-up demand out there. It's just the last couple of years when you look at the number of young adults still living at home, that's flattened. But we do expect that at some point, as confidence rises and they start to move on with their lives, that they're going to start to form households. And that could create some additional demand that the economy and the housing market may not be able to address as quickly. So that -- I think those are the 2 areas that would lead to sort of potentially an upside surprise.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, I'll start and maybe, Sean, you want to jump in. Personal income, that's why we pull it out, is a big driver of our models. It's not necessarily disposable income. It really speaks more to the changing balance in the job market more than anything else. But perhaps you do get a little bit of lift from additional disposable income relative to falling oil rates. But Sean, I don't know if you had anything.
Timothy J. Naughton: Alex, not really. Not as long as the development we viewed is accretive to what the incremental cost of new capital is. I think that the alternative that we think about is just recycling more capital as opposed to raising additional external capital. As I mentioned in our remarks, we are looking to rely more on asset sales and that -- in part because where the balance sheet is positioned today, at 5.2 debt-to-EBITDA. And if you just -- you think about that $200 million of EBITDA that hadn't materialized yet, just the extra sort of borrowing power that gives, and assuming we are mid-cycle and underlying cash flows on a stabilized portfolio continues to grow, it does give us a lot of funding options without having to really lever the balance sheet in any material way. But then we always have the option of just recycling capital and selling more assets and recycling that back into development. So fair question. I think partly -- I think what's going to drive down the development pipeline is when we just don't think that business makes sense relative to our underlying cost of capital.
Timothy J. Naughton: Vince, it's Tim. It's -- I mean, honestly, just given the amount of -- just given the length of fed stimulus that we've seen and, I guess, sort of a shared belief in the markets that at some point that's going to have to reverse itself, that's part of the reason why we've stayed as match-funded as we have been. And so rather than try to predict rates, we really try to manage the business to try to isolate the impact of them as it relates to our open commitments, particularly through the development pipeline. So at some point, rates are going to go up. We don't -- we sort of stopped trying to predict when they might, but we're trying to manage our business to protect ourselves when they do.
Timothy J. Naughton: I don't think there's really much on the market at this point, Dave. The most you get from brokers is, nothing has changed in the last 3 weeks. So I think we'll see as we start to see those assets brought to market in Q1. So it's a good question, but I don't think we have any visibility on it yet.
Timothy J. Naughton: Dave, I guess the way I'd say, at this point in the cycle, we look at acquisitions really as portfolio management opportunities. So as we talked about it internally, it's about what would -- if we see an asset that we think is particularly attractive that might have a -- that might outperform other stabilized assets from a long-term perspective and would help us from a portfolio balance standpoint, we ask ourselves which assets would we sell in order to fund that. It's really -- if you just kind of look at our history, we've tried -- we try to be aggressive kind of early in the cycle where we think there's a lot of run with acquisitions and have tended to be more recyclers of capital, net recyclers of capital. And if you look over the history, x Archstone we've been a net seller over time and recycled that into development. So it's hard to separate it from our business model. So we don't necessarily look at it because we're trading at a premium to NAV we should be expanding the balance sheet aggressively to buy sort of mid-late cycle assets that may not have as much room to run. It's really more of a portfolio management exercise.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes, Haendel, sort of mixed feelings about single-family housing. I think our general view is if it gets -- if it starts to heat up, it creates sort of crosswinds for our business in a sense that it typically contributes to economic growth as the single-family housing industry sort of kicks up. As we've talked about in sort of past quarters, when you look at total housing production of 1 million against a backdrop of what we think is going to be closer to 1.5 million net household formation, and when you factor in all sorts of -- it's got to grow at some point here over the next few years. And we -- our underlying forecasts are really for more balanced housing demand. It's much like we saw from 1975 to 1995 where both businesses were very healthy for the most part and homeownership rates didn't changed that much. We are not look -- we don't anticipate. We just look at underlying demographics and how people are living. The -- I think you have single-person head of households now making up the majority of U.S. households. They're generally not looking for a single -- a 4-bedroom single-family home in suburbs. And so I just think there's a -- there are reasons other than the housing bust as to why what's happening right now with the single-family housing business. It's not going to reverse itself in 2015 and '16. And so while there might be some additional strength, we don't see it having a big impact on our business in any kind of negative way. So we don't see that as a risk. The risk that we worry about are the big geopolitical macro things that you can't do anything about that have a way of kind of creating shocks in the economy and impacting growth that ultimately just translates into job and income growth.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, thank you. And thanks all of you for being on today, and we look forward to seeing you at some of the upcoming conferences this winter and spring.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, Nick, it's Sean. In terms of the traction in Southern California, certainly the second half of 2014, I think, came on strong as job growth continued to accelerate in that region. Supply has and remains very well in check relative to the rest of the country. And so as you look through the different markets, we thought at some point we'd see that acceleration, as we've talked about over the past couple of years, has certainly kicked in. And it did kick in, in all 3 major regions: L.A., Orange County and San Diego. We were probably a little more surprised that it kicked in as fast as it did and as strong as it did in San Diego. But I'd say in the other 2 regions, you could see it starting to build, the momentum building. And rent change has really moved up pretty dramatically there. If you look at just where we're trending in January, as an example, we're in the 5% range, north of 5% on a blended basis in Southern California, which is only behind Northern Cal and where we're trending in Seattle right now. And if you look across the markets, it's generally pretty evenly distributed, slightly stronger in Orange County as compared to L.A. and San Diego. But all 3 markets are producing solid momentum at the moment. And as Tim pointed out, the sequential change was the strongest of any of the markets in the last quarter.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, Jana, this is Sean. I'll make some comments and Matt or Tim can chime in as well. In terms of -- metro New York and New Jersey for us is an accumulation of a lot of a different markets. So certainly, in -- if you're putting New Jersey in that, we've got the Northern New Jersey market as well as us being in Central New Jersey. Northern New Jersey, we are expecting a fair amount of supply coming online, particularly as you get into Hudson County and right along the waterfront there, all the way across, the Gold Coast as they're referred to -- refer to it. So there's a fair amount coming in there. When you look at Long Island, it's a little more protected. And then as you get into Westchester, it's a little more protected as well. And as you get into the city and you start going across, really where we're expecting the most supply to come online is really in Brooklyn and then in the Midtown West submarket of Manhattan. Those are the 2 places where we're expecting it to be a little bit soft. If you're looking at kind of within the Greater New York market which submarkets are going to be a little bit softer, I'd say those 2 are going to be relatively soft compared to the other markets I just mentioned. But it's not dramatically different. We're talking about 50 basis points on one side or the other depending on which market you're looking at. So without providing specific details for every single market since it's a pretty large region, hopefully that general color makes some sense to you.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, Rich, the only thing else to add is certainly we've scrubbed that pretty hard as it relates to our utilities expense. But when you get down to it, I mean, oil really only drives about 2% of heating demand across our portfolio. Yes, most of it relates to natural gas, which had started to decline much earlier than oil did. And there are other factors influencing the price of natural gas independent of oil. And so that's 1 area we scrubbed pretty hard. And then certainly, we haven't seen it bleed through in terms of construction costs. As Matt mentioned earlier, there may be a small pickup there at some point, but we're not expecting that to be material in the current market environment.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, absolutely. I think, as Tim mentioned, yes, that's reflected in the personal income forecasts that we rely on. But to the extent that those forecasts are off, that certainly could be helpful. On the other side of the coin, to the extent that the rate of job growth slow as a result of reduced capital spending in that sector, it doesn't impact us as much as maybe some others given our market footprint. But there could be some ripple effects there that could go the other way.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, this is Sean. In terms of the spread, what I'd probably comment on specifically is -- obviously, we're not through the first quarter, but we had elevated OpEx spend in the first quarter of last year as it relates to a couple of different things. One is related to the snow removal in the Mid-Atlantic, which is something that we don't necessarily contract for in bulk. It's more episodic in terms of how we purchase that as compared to the New England where it's sort of bought in bulk. And then utilities also was -- that put significant pressure on the first quarter of last year. So if you isolate those 2, I wouldn't expect to have inflated Q1 growth as it relates to those 2 components. And then the other piece that we identified last year for everyone is the expected '14 OpEx in total to be a little bit elevated as a result of the Archstone acquisition, where the 12 months you can capitalize certain things and then it's expensed. That expired midyear. So you're going to have some offsets from that. So I don't have the exact numbers right off the top of my head in terms of what those components add up to, but we can certainly talk you through that offline as well if you'd like.
Sean J. Breslin: Sure. I'll make a few comments, and then Tim, Matt, or others can join in as well if you'd like. But, I mean, as it relates to L.A., I mean, it's -- L.A. is pretty highly correlated with the national economy, very broad-based, diversified economy. Think of all the different sectors as compared to the Bay Area you pointed out, much more highly concentrated in the tech space. There's certainly a substantial number of jobs in the tech space in Southern California. But as a percentage of the overall job market there, it's substantially smaller. And so it certainly has revved up as the national economy has revved up. And certainly, you would think it has a pretty good outlook, and we do just based on the volume of supply you can put on the ground there. It has and remains, as I mentioned earlier, the market or the region with the lowest amount of supply projected to come online again in 2015. And then the other benefit that it has, even though it's not as unaffordable as, say, San Francisco, as you go across Los Angeles and look at the median income relative to median home prices, it's still relatively unaffordable. And so I think all 3 regions, L.A., Orange County and San Diego, we feel pretty good about as we look forward over the next couple of years. And it relates to L.A. specifically, it's just a function of, I think, where you are. So if you're in Downtown Los Angeles, you're probably a little more nervous than you might to be if you're on the west side, as an example, or the South Bay or some of those other submarkets. So in general, the outlook is positive for us. It's never had the same kind of cycle as Northern California in terms of the volatility. It's more the tortoise versus the hare story. But it is coming back, and it's coming back pretty strong.
Sean J. Breslin: Our outlook is -- for L.A. is more robust as it relates to San Diego and slightly behind Orange County. Orange County has had great momentum. We've got a lot of built-in growth in that market. There are a couple of pockets in Orange County that if you higher-end assets in Anaheim or Irvine you might be a little bit nervous given the volume of supply coming online in those 2 specific submarkets. But a lot of our portfolio in Orange County is more affordable assets in certain submarkets that are more protected, and they're performing quite well. So as we look at those particular assets and their performance, I think they're going to carry the day in Orange County. San Diego is a smaller portfolio for us but generally also consistent with Orange County, lower price point assets, and they continue to perform well also.
Kevin P. O'Shea: Yes, Andrew, this is Kevin. It is something we do think about, we talk about and are aware of. If you go back to the mid-2000s, there was a several-year period where those who had higher leverage experienced higher FFO growth. I guess that sort of dovetail with Tim's remarks. When we think about our development platform and how we want to fund it and how we want to fund the business, we do think about the full business cycle and trying to outperform over the full business cycle. And it's always easier to have leverage than to take it back down at a time when you're late in the cycle and capital costs are rising against you and can potentially rise against you pretty quickly. So there is a, call it if you will, a short-term cost, if you will, for being more match-funded. By over a full cycle, we think that it's actually an accretive funding strategy.
Kevin P. O'Shea: Well, I don't know that it's necessarily impacting our cost of capital across all the markets in which we fund because I don't think, number one, it impacts asset sales or unsecured debt. What you're suggesting is whether it impacts our cost of equity, and I think there's probably a number of different things that can bear upon that besides the one there that you're pointing out. $200 million in a liquid market is not a lot of money to go find. In a highly illiquid market, it can be hard to find and expensive to obtain. And you only have to consider some of the dilutive equity offerings that were done by a number of REITs in 2009 and the permanent impairment that, that brings to bear on your total returns and your ability to deliver outperformance over cycles to think about just what the implications are about getting a little bit out over your skis. In terms of -- and you're right, we've talked about the cash balance and so forth. As you can see in our outlook for this year, we do think we've reached the point where we can run with less cash. And actually, with unrestricted cash on hand of over $500 million, we anticipate drawing that down here rather briskly early in the year to the extent of $350 million with an implied year-end cash balance of around $150 million at the end of this year. So what's driving that is really the notion of we think we're more comfortable being -- right now, we're a little bit more than 100% match-funded if you bring in the effect of the equity forward. As we pull that down and roll through the year, we think we'll probably be more like 70% to 80% match-funded. And we're comfortable with having that level position and running with a little bit less cash because, as Tim pointed out, we've got a lot more NOI to come online with the construction that's under way and in the process of being leased up.
Kevin P. O'Shea: Derek, it's Kevin. It's premature to really think about how we're going to fund '16 activity at this point. And just as a minor clarification, while we're -- more than half of our capital needs are addressed and in place relative to development activity, we still do anticipate sourcing $1.1 billion of incremental capital either from the transaction markets or the capital markets over the course of the year. So at the point -- at this point, our focus is really on thinking through how to best source that capital over the balance of '15.
Kevin P. O'Shea: Yes. We could probably get back to you with more detail. I mean, in general what you'd expect is that the REIT -- there are several different buckets out there. Same-store, obviously. Development is separate with a lot of different things happening in development in terms of when deals are coming online. So it's not a bucket that you at all really want to compare to same-store. There are 2 main buckets are redevelopment and other stabilized. Redevelopment is growing at a slightly faster rate than same-store. And I think when we've looked at it for 2015, the equivalent is it's up somewhere in -- it would add, say, 10 or 20 basis points to the same-store growth rate. So it's growing faster, but it's a relatively small bucket relative to the base in terms of the redevelopment contribution. And then the other stabilized, I don't have the detail right in front of me in terms of the growth rate on that specific bucket, but we can certainly send it to you.
Matthew H. Birenbaum: This is Matt. I wouldn't expect a lot. This is one of those things where -- when oil prices go up, the subleases refuse to raise pricing to us. And then when oil prices go down, we hear, well, it's mostly the labor. But the truth is it is -- by and large, what drives construction cost is the labor cost and the subcontractor margin. And that's really a function of how busy folks are. And folks are busy. In all of our regions other than metro D.C., they're busier now than they were last year. So I don't expect -- perhaps it keeps a little bit of pressure on the margin off of some of the commodities pricing, which ultimately eat into their cost basis a bit. But I don't think it's going to have a material impact.
Matthew H. Birenbaum: Yes, this is Matt. It's pretty much holding in the mid-6s. I think that's where our pipeline has been averaging. Our development rights pipeline has been kind of running that level for the last couple of years, give or take. And it looks like the starts basket for '15, the way it's underwritten at least today, probably goes in at that same the mid-6s level.
Matthew H. Birenbaum: Yes, this is Matt. I guess I can speak to that a little bit. I think you're right in the sense that we've been developing as a public company for 20 years and codes evolve. Codes change over time. The product changes and evolves over time. Technologies change. And so I think this is a very unfortunate incident. It is very fortunate that there was no loss of life. But nevertheless, there was an awful lot of property damage. And so, time will tell how it plays out, but it is certainly part of the overall process that codes evolve and change over time and continually refine and improve, and we're pretty adept at adapting to that.
Matthew H. Birenbaum: Yes, Dan, this is Matt again. We are -- the -- AVA as a percentage of our portfolio it is growing. As we develop -- it's about, I think, 1/4 of our development pipeline. So we look out, in a couple of years, AVA should be about 10%, 11% of the total portfolio. I think it's about 7% today by value. So it is growing. But it really is a bottom-up opportunity set. So you have to go through market by market and see where the opportunities are. They do tend to be more urban product. And so I wouldn't expect their share of the development rights pipeline to necessarily grow dramatically from here because what we're seeing as we get more mid-cycle is that we are generally shifting our focus a little bit more to suburban assets and -- because the economics are getting tougher in the urban areas. That's where you seeing a lot more of the supply. Land prices have probably run up more aggressively in the urban submarkets than the suburban submarkets. So it's driven by -- more by the opportunity set. And the ones you're seeing now, like AVA 55 Ninth, those were started early cycle in submarkets that have seen a lot of rent growth and also delivered a product that was very unique and well received by the market and we think well positioned to outperform not just in the lease-up but over time because of the distinctive nature of the product. So we love the brand. We love to grow it more. But I think it's unlikely that it's going to become materially bigger part of our development pipeline in the next year or 2 than it has been.
Matthew H. Birenbaum: Yes, David, this is Matt. It's the latter. There's 2 deals in particular that we expect to start this year. One of them land that was kind of been promised, a legacy JV structure going back to the Archstone acquisition, and the other is just a very unique site that happens that the way we structured the deal was to leave the land seller in as JV partner. That's what they wanted, and we generally try to avoid that. But for special sites, we'll consider it. So it's more of a one-off.
Matthew H. Birenbaum: Yes, it's Matt again. I -- assets in a couple of quarters? We sold -- we closed 1 in the fourth quarter that was contracted for in the third quarter where there was incredibly deep demand. That was kind of an early '90s era asset in the Memorial area, Memorial Heights. So we really -- we have 2 assets left in Houston. They were both deals that were under development when we closed the Archstone transaction. We completed both of those, and we are planning on bringing those to market. In fact, 1 of them, I believe, is just launching in the market now. So we'll have a much better sense in 3 or 4 months.
Sean M. Clark: Sure, Derek, this is Sean. In terms of the performance of D.C., I mean, I think the punchline is we're not expecting it to be materially different. Our outlook reflects maybe a slight improvement as it relates to what Tim alluded to earlier in terms of improved job growth in the region overall. And there are some nuances with very assets that really sort of make up the shift from '14 to '15. So I wouldn't say there is a significant either improvement or deterioration in any 1 specific submarket in '15 as it -- relative to '14 other than with the exception that as you look at NoMa and D.C., the inventory that's going to be delivered there in '15 is substantially more than '14. That's probably the one place that I would highlight. But as you look at Northern Virginia, Western Fairfax is still outperforming, Derby corridor is soft. If you go into suburban Maryland, North Bethesda, Rockville, Gaithersburg, it's all pretty soft. As you get further out into Columbia, it's performing a little bit better. So it's really a function of sort of where the assets are position within their submarket that really matters probably more at this point maybe with the exception of NoMa, where the supply is just sort of overwhelming at this point. But I think most all asset classes are impacted.
Sean M. Clark: Yes, Dan, it's Sean. First, acknowledge '14. Definitely, there was a lot of noise in '14, particularly, you look at sort of a tale of 2 buckets where there was significant pressure on the Avalon portfolio as it relates to taxes, maintenance costs that was unexpected due to a number of different factors that occurred in the first quarter of the year and the fourth quarter of the year, et cetera, et cetera. So as we look forward to '15, a lot of those anomalies, our sense is it's certainly going to dissipate. But really, what's driving '15, if you look at it pretty basically, is property taxes. Our expectation is that for 2015, we're probably going to be in the mid-5% range for taxes. As -- that's 1 of the primary drivers. And then the second one I'd mentioned is payroll. We're basically in a cycle now where we think we're probably looking at wage growth that's in the 3% range, as an example. And that's about 90% of our total payroll cost. But we're getting pretty material upward pressure on benefits, which is only about 10% of our cost of payroll, but we're anticipating benefits to go up by about 10%. So you're adding 100 basis points there. So you're probably going to be in the high-3s on payroll by the time you consider the wage growth and the benefits burden, and then you've got taxes moving up. So you're talking about just those 2 components alone being north of 50% of what likely is our expense growth for 2015. The rest of it is pretty nominal in terms of growth. So those are kind of the 2 big drivers as we think about '15.
Sean M. Clark: Yes, Tayo, this is Sean. Based on what we know right now, I wouldn't expect -- based on what we know today, I wouldn't say that Q1 of '15 is going to look like Q1 of '14. Certainly, it's 1 storm. It's concentrated in the Northeast, which, as I mentioned, for the most part is under contract, fixed-price contracts as it relates to snow removal. Where we probably have more exposure is if we had a massive storm in the mid-Atlantic where that's more of a, call it, pay-as-you-go in terms of the snow removal strategy here. And then it just hasn't been as cool for as long. But obviously, we're talking about this on January 29, so we've got some time to run here to see how it comes out. But based on what I know today, just the current storm, I wouldn't be too worried about it.
Sean M. Clark: Yes, Tayo, this is Sean. I'll make a couple comments and then Kevin or Matt can chime in as well. But first, as it relates to the existing community and the residents, as Tim mentioned in his prepared remarks, one of the 2 buildings, the smaller building, has come back online and has reopened. That was certified by the city last week. So residents have reoccupied that building, which is the smaller of the 2 buildings. And as it relates to the residents who were displaced from their homes at the larger building, which is known as the Russell Building, they have dispersed to other communities, both ours and others. And some of those residents are also still in sort of temporary housing, whether that be a hotel or friends or family, et cetera. And then the last part of your question as it relates to our plans for Edgewater, we've not made any specific plans at this point as it relates to any kind of rebuilding. We're still working in the investigation and understanding mode. And then ultimately, we'll turn towards what those next steps are at some point down the road here.
Sean M. Clark: Yes, why don't I give you just a few data points. That would probably help you in what you're trying to solve for. So we mentioned both in the management letter and in Tim's remarks the Q4 rent change was 4.3% on the same-store bucket, which is about 260 basis points above Q4 of last year. January it's trending into the low 5% range. Last time I looked, the last couple of days here, it's been around 5.2% or so. And then renewal offers for February and March are going out at around 7%, which is about 225 basis points greater than where we were at this time last year. And then in terms of thinking about rent change for the year, 1 comment to make is that we're not expecting '15 to be terribly different from '14. It's similar to for all the different sectors that are out there. We started the year, if you look at sort of January growth potential and what we're building, we started the year with sort of an embedded growth of 1.6% to 1.7%. So if nothing else changed in terms of rent growth through the year, that would be baked. So if you backed -- you could back into, based on the midpoint of our guidance, what the rent change would be implied throughout the year to get to the overall midpoint, if that makes sense.
