Timothy J. Naughton: Thanks, Tom. So in summary, the first quarter was certainly an exciting and rewarding one for the company with the closing of the Archstone acquisition, a solid portfolio performance and the continued success of the development portfolio. Our revised outlook for operating FFO growth for 2013 is more than twice the sector average. In addition, our $5.7 billion development pipeline provides compelling source of earnings and NAV accretion over the next few years. And as Tom shared, we currently have significant liquidity, a strong balance sheet and the financial flexibility to fund this growth in a cost-effective manner for the balance of 2013 and beyond. Lastly, before opening up the call, I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge the outstanding contributions and leadership over the last 20 years -- 28 years of our Chairman, Bryce Blair, who, as many of you know, has chosen not to stand for reelection to the board later this month. During his career at AvalonBay, Bryce has literally touched and influenced every part of the organization, helping lead our company from its roots as a private development firm to one of the largest and most respected public real estate companies in the country. As colleagues, we'll certainly miss his leadership and guiding hand, but as his friends, we wish him the best as he moves onto the next chapter of his life. And with that, operator, we're ready to open the call for questions.
Timothy J. Naughton: Rob, this is Tim. I think, as Tom mentioned, we do see the pipeline continuing to grow to $3 billion to $3.5 billion early next year, when we -- at which point we expect that roughly would peak just based upon the existing -- the projected timing of the deals in terms of when they'd be ready to start. Obviously, we tried to position the balance sheet and our liquidity to give us plenty of flexibility in terms of how we fund that. But in terms of the economics of the business, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, it continues to be very compelling, with projected yields on the stuff that's under construction of 6.7%, but oftentimes, the deals once they start leasing up, particularly in this kind of market environment, we've been seeing improvement. As Tom mentioned in his remarks, the 3 deals that we just recently were completed -- were completed at more like a kind 7.5% stabilized yield. So tremendous profit potential embedded in our pipeline. So we'll continue to move forward with development, whether that's funding that through new capital or through recycling capital through disposition program. But we expect it to peak around $3 billion to $3.5 billion early next year, which would represent around 13%, 14%, 15% of total enterprise value, which is the number we've talked about in the past that we'll be comfortable seeing it get up to.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes, Rob, I mean, obviously something we've been talking about the last few quarters. We have been seeing movement back up in construction costs, back towards the prior peak from 2007. So we are still talking about costs that were 6 years ago in terms of where they peaked previously. But it's very much market dependent. Right now, we're seeing a lot more pressure on the West Coast, particularly California, where the subcontractor market continues to be a little thinner, where we have seen pressures there on a year-over-year basis, double digit, 10%, 11%, 12%. On the East Coast, in D.C., interestingly where there's been a lot of production or even in places like Seattle, it's been more modest, it's been more in the 5% to 7%, 8% range in terms of construction pricing growth. But -- so there hasn't been a material impact in terms of yields, as you've mentioned, land is locked in. So construction generally represents about 65% of the total capital, so to the extent that's grown at 5% to 7% or 8%. But it's only representing 2/3 in lands fixed. As long as NOI is growing around 5%, your yields really haven't moved that much. I think you'll see that as you look back over the last several quarters in terms of what our average projected yield. It just hasn't moved that much off that kind of high 6% range.
Timothy J. Naughton: No, not really, Rob. I mean, it really speaks more to how we've been funding the base business, the ongoing business in terms of funding development. As you know, as our share price has drifted into the low 130s, we think dispositions are more compelling source of capital right now than equity. So that's really what's been driving it.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes, and so probably the biggest difference on the development side is they use construction managers, third-party construction managers to build out their deals. We typically self-perform. So that's been -- we inherited some of those contracts. So we stepped into some of those. So that's a little bit -- a little different. But in terms of the people, I mean, we hired a lot of the folks, several of the folks on the development and the construction side. In terms of just discipline in terms of how they budget and report, quite similar to how we look at running and managing the business. So not a lot of disparity there.
Timothy J. Naughton: David, nothing that we would be sort of comfortable. I think, kind of -- sort of on Sean's last comment really extrapolating from. I mean, clearly, there's -- we -- there's a couple AVA deals in particular that we've opened that are quite distinct and differentiated within their submarkets. And they appear to be a little bit more insulated from some of the pricing pressure that we've seen in those submarkets. I think AVA H Street here in D.C. is a great example of that, where we've been able to keep rents and push rents despite a fair bit of supply coming on in the district. And it really is a unique and differentiated asset there. It's one that we intend to take. If you're going to be at our Investor Day in late June, it's one that we intend to take people around and hopefully get a flavor for. But it's more anecdotal at this point. But clearly, one of the swaps [ph] behind the branding is to try to create more of a differentiated offering to the market that's more targeted that you would hope would insulate you a little bit more from pricing pressures as markets soften.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, in terms of what's listed on Attachment 8, there's effectively no rent growth embedded in that, David. So the only rent growth would come through when we're actually start leasing and then, that's effectively when the asset is -- the asset's rents, if you will, are mark to market. But up until that time, we typically don't adjust rents or reflect any movement in market rents. There is occasionally an exception to that where there's been such an adjustment or movement in the market up or down that we might make an exception. But in this particular schedule, there's no exception, and rents are reflected at what they are, what they were set at pro forma or at the start of construction until the time at which we start leasing, and we usually don't adjust until we clear maybe about 20% of the units through the lease-up process.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, in terms of Attachment 8, usually we're locking down construction cost at the time we start. So we don't -- we wouldn't necessarily anticipate the cost on Attachment 8 to move as it relates to movement in construction price in the market given that these are typically fixed at the time we start. So it could have an impact on the shadow pipeline as we start deals over the next 6 to 7 months, and I did mention as a response to Rob's question, we are seeing uneven pressure across our markets from mid-single digit to low double digit in the case of California on a year-over-year basis.
Timothy J. Naughton: Nick, this is Tim. Somewhat similar a little lower, and I think we've spoken to this in the past and that the way that we valued those development deals, it's a little bit different. Obviously, you have less risk stepping into a deal that was already permitted and then titled and where the costs were already negotiated. So you really just had market risk at that point. So the pricing in terms of how we price those deals reflected that it was less risk, but it's roughly in the mid-6s to give you a sense that basket of communities that came onto schedule 8 Archstone.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes, and Dave, maybe just a follow-up from last quarter, I think, we talked about our capital needs for this year were really backloaded, and typically we look at our disposition plan a couple of times a year, usually going into the end of the year and then mid-year. So it was just -- it's also just part of a normal process of updating our transaction plans, as market conditions shift, and about twice a year, it feels about right to us to do that. So it's just sort of lined up with our normal business process anyway. And as Tom mentioned, obviously, dispositions look to be more compelling relative to some of the other sources of capital as we thought about capital -- bring on the capital that we needed for the back half of the year.
Timothy J. Naughton: Caitlin, no, not really. I think, as Tom mentioned, the guidance was really driven by just greater visibility into the closing cost of the Archstone transaction, how those closing costs would be booked and then just again, a greater visibility related to the overhead that was required to bring on these additional assets as well as just the fact that now -- we now have owned the assets a couple of months and just have -- just more knowledge of how they're operating. So it was really driven by the Archstone transaction and, as Tom mentioned, the base business, whether it's development or same -- or the AvalonBay same-store portfolio, is performing as expected.
Timothy J. Naughton: Rich, this is Tim. Maybe you're a better judge of that than we are. But no, we think we're at the executive level -- C suite level, we're set. Just to be clear, we have hired 5 officers, which is an expansion of about 10% from our existing officer base from Archstone, so including 1 SVP and 4 VPs. So we have tried to improve in certain areas where we thought we had something to learn from Archstone. And we think by bringing on some leadership in some key areas, we're going to be able to do that.
Timothy J. Naughton: So for 10 months, Mike. So the $0.03, $0.03 a month, we owned it for 1 month this quarter, so $0.03 for Q1 makes sense.
Timothy J. Naughton: I think I'll turn that actually to Sean who's -- he obviously oversees it both operationally from an asset management perspective.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, thank you, operator, and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We look forward to seeing many of you at NAREIT in Chicago in early June and hopefully at our Investor Day in D.C. on June 26. Have a great day. Thank you.
Sean J. Breslin: Rob, this is Sean Breslin. As it relates to redevelopment, we do believe that a majority of the Archstone assets have redevelopment opportunities. Our teams are going through all the assets and re-sequencing our redevelopment pipeline to integrate the new Archstone assets in with the AvalonBay assets. We probably have more clarity on that over the next couple of quarters in terms of what the dollar volume out of the Archstone assets specifically would look like, but my expectation is, particularly later this year and as we get into '14 that we'll start to ramp up.
Sean J. Breslin: Alex, why don't I take the first part of that. In terms of the operational efficiencies, one, I'd be a little bit careful about extrapolating based on what's essentially 1 month of data. That being said, we don't expect the operating margins to be materially different. We do expect some improvement based on how we plan to operate the properties, but it probably is a little bit too early for me to go into that level of detail at this point in time.
Sean J. Breslin: Sure, Nick, this is Sean. I'll give you sort of the overview. In the first quarter, overall rent change averaged about 3.5% during what is, as you know, probably the seasonally slow first quarter. That's about 100 basis points lower than what we experienced in Q1 2012. And as you probably know, Q1 is where we're really trying to build occupancy for the Q2 and Q3 rent push. So we're pretty well positioned going into the stronger leasing season right now with occupancy greater than 96% and availability below 5%. So I think we're in pretty good shape there overall. In terms of the monthly trends, certainly, if you sequenced it by month, it moved up through the quarter, starting in the low 3s and ending basically in the high 3s to get to the 3.5%.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, Jana, this is Sean. We do expect to re-brand all of the communities to -- at least a majority of them in our core markets, at least, non-core markets we may not, but to 1 of our 3 brands. And there will be a mix of all 3 brands, AVA, Avalon and Eaves that will come out of the Archstone portfolio. So we're going through that process right now on our expectations that we would be rebranding all of the communities within 12 months.
Sean J. Breslin: Overall, what we've talked about in the past is -- and these are rough numbers just depending on what the opportunities are as we roll forward in development and redevelopment acquisitions, et cetera, but generally somewhere in the 75% range, 70%, 75% range in terms of Avalon, 20% range in terms of Eaves and the balance to AVA, which is the smaller, more boutique kind of specialized brand.
Sean J. Breslin: Dave, this is Sean. I indicated that we're -- the initial performance is above our expectations on the revenue side, about 2% to 3%. At this point, given where we are in the process, we're not prepared to talk about some of the exact things that you requested. I can tell you from a renewal point of view, as we look out over the next 2 to 3 months, renewal increases are relatively consistent with what we're seeing in our same-store portfolio on average. But there are some market-by-market differences. So for example, here in D.C., renewals are going out a little bit higher rate on the Archstone assets than the AvalonBay assets. And that's just a function of where those assets are located, the supply that's coming online, current availability, et cetera, et cetera. So if I have more information for you in the future on that, but that's sort of as far as we're willing to go right now in terms of general commentary about the performance of the properties.
Sean J. Breslin: Sure, this is Sean Breslin. In terms of how they're performing relative to expectations, obviously, we just sort of set expectations not too long ago. So I'd say, generally speaking, the same-store portfolio is operating, I think as Tom alluded to, about where we expected it in terms of performance. The Archstone assets, as I mentioned, are performing a little bit ahead of expectations. But I think that really is more a reflection of sort of true-ing up, where those assets are performing relative to the budgets that were established before the end of 2012. So on a same-store basket basis, things are pretty much about where we expect it. And I think that's about it in terms of any variance.
Sean J. Breslin: Mike, this is Sean. Not on a global sense. I'd say it's really pretty pruning around the edges, as I would describe it. So I mean, we're comfortable in terms of our overall allocation to each market. Completing the Archstone acquisition allowed us to sort of be where we wanted to be in terms of macro allocation. Now really comes down to vetting properties within certain submarkets, which submarkets are performing better than others within our markets, and then really asset level performance issues. So it's going to be a sort of trimming around the edges as opposed to anything. I'd say that it's more strategic in nature if you want to think of it that way.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, Mike. Sean here again. First, just the second part of your question for Tom on CapEx, in terms of the AvalonBay bucket of CapEx, the expectation is to be sort of where we've been trending, maybe a little bit higher but somewhere in that 700 to 800 home range in terms of recurring CapEx. The expectation for the Archstone assets, given the vintage, as well as some of the product being more high rise, as an example, and mid-rise is probably closer to 900, 950 on a recurring basis. And then in terms of opportunities, we look at it through a few different filters. I think, as I mentioned earlier, we see opportunity across most of the assets in terms of redevelopment potentials, some are more moderate, some are more significant. Certainly in, I'd say, L.A. in the near term is probably the market that offers the most opportunity just because of the size of the portfolio we acquired, and the vintage of the assets there tend to be a little bit older, mid-rise and garden deals. And Southern California, as you guys know, has lagged the rest of the country in their recovery, so we still think there's pretty good rent growth ahead of us in Southern California. So L.A. is probably the biggest opportunity in the near term in the next year or 2.
Sean J. Breslin: I would say in redevelopment. Yes, and redevelopment is what I was talking to, there are things we're doing on operational side as well in terms of enhancements, but I was talking about mainly in terms of repositioning of the assets and offensive opportunities. Archstone was investing a lot of capital into the assets in their -- and the state of balance sheet was in the entity they were owned by for a number of years. So they did a fine job maintaining the assets and keeping them up and doing what they needed to do. But there wasn't capital available to capitalize on redevelopment opportunities, and we plan to take advantage of that pretty aggressively.
