Timothy J. Naughton: Yes. David, I'll offer a couple comments and, Matt, you may want to jump in. To be honest, we didn't go into this year anticipating we're going to be able to grow the shadow pipeline by $1.5 billion x sort of the Archstone activity. Our expectation is that we could grow about $1 billion just based upon at least our view what the market might offer at the beginning of last year. Having said that, the opportunities that we bring in, frankly the economics are equivalent to what we have been seeing, kind of mid, high 6% projected yield with -- roughly, current development of land cost had been consistent with sort of prior generation of Development Rights. Now having said that, I would expect the development pipeline to start to contract a bit in 2014. We're certainly much more selective than we have been over the last few years. And so I think we would anticipate that, that would start to contract but particularly as we're also busy executing the pipeline we have in front of us.
Timothy J. Naughton: Nick, this is Tim. Just to be clear, I mean, our expectations are that we're going to perform at the midpoint. And over the last couple years, we've been within 10 basis points of the midpoint of our range. So our expectations aren't we are going to perform at the high end of the range or the low end of range, but at the midpoint of the range. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, it's [indiscernible] 70 basis points on average over -- from 2013, and we're starting the year around 4% in terms of gross potential being above the prior year.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes. In terms of New York, and really for any other market, it is built up based on, one, sort of what the built-in growth rate is given where growth potential is starting the year relative to last year, as well as our outlook for job growth, renter household formation blended with the new supply that's coming online. So we saw some softening in New York in the back half of last year, and we're expecting that market will continue to decelerate, not drastically, but decelerate as we move through 2014 based on the supply demand characteristics. There's a fair amount of supply coming into New York right now. And for our same-store basket, it's impacted by a couple of major factors. One is we have 2 large assets in Long Island City to influence the performance of that basket. There's about 1,700 units being delivered into that market right now. And there'll be another 700 or so that will come in, I believe it's in July. And then in addition to that, we're also seeing some supply come into the Midtown West sector. We've got 2 assets there, the 3 assets in lease-up, 2 that have been leasing for a while that we'll complete in the next quarter or 2, as well as Gotham deal that we'll start leasing -- just started leasing and will be leasing for the remainder of 2014. So you have to sort of look at it asset by asset and build it up, but we do see deceleration in that market from '13 to '14 based on the composition of our portfolio in the greater New York City region.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes. The major difference really is the composition of the basket. There's a few things going on there. One is disposition that we've had throughout the course of the year, including a couple that were sold in the fourth quarter. In addition, we determined there's probably a handful of assets that are related to Oakwood that are on master leases with Oakwood that are sort of legacy from Archstone that are not rolling into the same-store because they don't necessarily represent market performance. They reflect sort of previously negotiated terms under the master lease. So it's just a very different basket of assets in terms of the NOI. And then in addition to that, it's not necessarily comparable because during the first year of our ownership of the Archstone assets, there's some expenditures that are capitalized. And as we get into the first quarter, some of those items will become expensed once we clip 12 months. So it's a little bit of an apples-and-oranges comparison if you're trying to go sequentially from the Q4 Archstone NOI to the Q1 Archstone NOI.
Timothy J. Naughton: For D.C. specifically, be happy to talk about that. When you look at D.C. in the fourth quarter, it was pretty weak. Combination of not only the elevated level of supply kind of kicking in, in the fourth quarter, which is sort of at the rate we expect to see in the first part of '14, but also a lot of the gyrations that were going on with the government created a fair amount of uncertainty. So in terms of new move-ins, new move-ins were down in the 7% range in the D.C. region. And then renewals were coming in at about 2.5%. And as we roll forward to where we are in '14, renewals look slightly better. They're actually in the 4% range. But new move-ins to continue to hold at negative levels, not quite as bad as the fourth quarter. Based on what we're seeing in January it's sort of in the down 5% to 6% range.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, it depends on a couple things, the big one being your expectation for job growth. If you look at the deliveries, I guess starting with Northern Virginia, if you look at, say, the RBC corridor, as an example, the peak deliveries are in '14, it's a little over 1,000 units coming in, in '14. But it's cut in half, down to about 500 units as you move into '15. In D.C., it really depends on where you are. So if you look at NoMa as an example, it's about 1,400 units in '14. It's about the same level, slightly higher in '15. Just one thing we have to keep in mind is the delivery schedules on several of these assets have been delayed multiple times. So things can shift around a bit. So but I'd say D.C., the bulk of it is, call it, 50-50 between '14 and '15. Northern Virginia, particularly the Arlington area, tends to be a little more front loaded in '14 versus '15. So we can talk about the supply. It really depends on what happens with job growth in terms of how much will be absorbed in '14 versus carrying over in terms of the impact on '15.
Timothy J. Naughton: Alex, this is Tim. I'll give it a shot. I think it's more than what you had mentioned in terms of development. First of all, you've got some free cash flow. And then you -- whether it's debt or whether it's asset sales, you're talking about a marginal cost that's somewhere in the 4 as it gets development that's been stabilizing close to 7%. So you've got -- as I mentioned earlier, you've got about 250 basis points margin on, I'll call it, $1 billion, somewhere between $750,000 and $1 billion that's stabilizing. And so we think that contributes around 2.5%, 3% to the FFO growth. And then you do have the stabilizing effects of owning the Archstone for a full year in 2014 versus 10 months in 2013, which contributes a couple percent as well.
Timothy J. Naughton: Okay, Alex, this -- I'm sorry, Alex, this is Tim. Remember, it's not unusual as you move through the year -- most of your leases turn, starting in the late second quarter going into the third quarter. So that's where you're going to get a lot of your growth in FFO through the calendar.
Timothy J. Naughton: Rich, this is Tim. I think there may be too much being made of acceleration in 2014. If you look at Slide 15, essentially, we have the rate of growth more or less flattening out as we move through the year. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we think this cycle looks a lot more like that in the '90s, where you had relatively stable supply. And depending upon the strength of the economy any one year, it was an expansion the whole time, it may go up a bit, the rate of growth, and then next year may go down a bit. As you can see, kind of in that 90 in it. This would be true, by the way, if you extend it back to about '92, '93. It looks a little bit more like sort of an EKG until you get to sort of the tech bubble in 2000, and so that's our expectation going forward. What that means for 2015, whether it tips up a little bit or tips down, don't really have any guidance at this point with respect to that.
Timothy J. Naughton: We do see supply deliveries being roughly flat though, if not slightly down in 2015, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks.
Timothy J. Naughton: Rich, this is Tim. I think I'll handle that. When you get into -- first of all, Archstone was an accretive investment, and generally, when you get into large-scale M&A, it tends to be dilutive so...
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes, well, we could have a long discussion on that. It's probably better to have off-line, but we believe it to be accretive on a go-forward basis. Certainly, in terms of, as we talked about they had very complementary in terms of the geography and the nature of the transaction where we were able to team up with EQR. Both of us get more of what we wanted, which made it a very usual transaction where we picked up, as Sean mentioned, 30% in Southern Cal, 20% in Northern Cal, so half of what we picked up was in California. And we always looked at the West Coast. We always looked at needing to supplement our development pipeline there with acquisitions in order to continue to have a roughly balanced portfolio in our view. And then just there are scale benefits, if you just look at G&A and where that's trended relative to where it was before this transaction and what that means for additional cash flow bottom line that gets to the shareholder, there are definitely some benefits there, and we picked up some capabilities. We're able to continue to expand some capabilities organizationally that we think will have payoff as it relates to portfolio management, and again, ultimately, into increased cash flow for shareholders.
Timothy J. Naughton: No. We've already funded Archstone as part of the company, and so they're now AvalonBay properties. So no need to do that.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes, Dave, just to be clear, personal income growth, in effect, captures job growth underneath of it so it's not sort of same household growth, if you will. It's capturing sort of the increase in the collective buying power of that particular market, and I think that's the reason why it ends up having a higher R square, if you will, with respect to rent growth.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes. And I think I've also been speaking to deliveries as well because you could see it in the permit and the start data, and we roll it up just at a regional level as well. I think one of the things I've said, Dave, in the past is what was unusual about this cycle is we saw starts earlier in our markets than we traditionally have in the cycle. It's where capital wanted to be and the deals that were the land deals that were already entitled or more or less ready-to-go got funded. And so now that we're back to having to go through the entitlement process, and that often takes 2 to 4 years in our markets, you can just see supply coming from a lot further away than you could have frankly just 2 or 3 years ago when there were newer deals that were entitled and teed up, ready to go. They just needed capital and somebody to process them.
Timothy J. Naughton: Dave, this is Tim. Just to answer your question. We are expecting less deliveries in '16, which would imply less starts in 2014.
Timothy J. Naughton: Jeff, this is Tim. I don't know if there are a lot of condos planned in our markets for the most part. We've generally identified from the ground up all the multifamily deals that are out there. They almost need to have started by, call it, the first quarter of 2014 to even show up in the delivery and the supply chart for 2015. So I think there's probably a greater chance that some of the '14 may– as Sean mentioned some of the '14 deliveries could slide into '15, and that's what might push up '15. But we don't think there's a lot of risk that when you look at the 2 years together, that you'd see significantly more or less supply than what's depicted on those charts.
Timothy J. Naughton: Paula, this is Tim. Just to add to that, I'm not sure that 5.5% is all that robust, to be honest. I mean so I think personal income growth tracks kind of nominal GDP growth if you think about it over time. And I think we're so focused on real GDP and you sort of add the sort of inflation factor in, I think it's typically in that 5% to 5.5% range. So I'm not sure that it's a well above trend figure. It may be by 50 or 70 basis points, but we're really just looking for the economy to sort of rebound to more normalized levels of growth, which captures the personal income factor as well.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, we try not to be complacent about strategy, and it's something we revisit at least annually in terms of our market footprint, as well as the various growth platforms that we're looking to lever in a particular year. But at this point, right now, I couldn't say that there's a lot of interest at this point pursuing those markets.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, it's -- I'll start, and it's Tim. Generally, we expect to see higher job growth in the West Coast than the East Coast. Seattle is actually a little slower, projected to be a little slower next year than it was in either 2013, or we expect in 2015, that's maybe one anomaly. And Southern and Northern California, Northern California is projected to have the strongest growth in the mid to higher 2s, whereas, I think, Southern California is just a little north of 2%. And then on the East Coast, generally in the high 1%, starting to approach 2%, depending upon the market. D.C., a little softer in 2014, than it would be projected to be in 2015. So I don't know if that answers your question, Jeff. It's really not until 2015 we sort of see kind of all markets kind of firing on all cylinders. A little bit of a story of some markets up being a bit and some being down a bit, but on average, up about 30 bps.
Timothy J. Naughton: Jeff, this is Tim. I mean, we've got developers on the ground in every market, and so they literally go through the -- they literally develop a pipeline sort of 0 base, and they know the people financing the deals and permitting the deals. So it's really -- it really is very much sort of a built up pipeline, if you will. And we have found that, that -- frankly, we sort of catch supply before some of the third parties do that way, and so I think we have a little bit more confidence in what we're able to sort of project over what third parties are telling us, which oftentimes, they don't sort of pick it up until it is coming out of the ground. So again, I think in '14 and '15, in terms of deliveries, we're not that concerned whether we've got -- whether there may be some surprises in our markets. When you look at them collectively, I think you got to go further out before -- just give it a gestation and production cycle on most of these deals before we have a lot of concern there. And we just don't see, again, for the comments Matt had earlier, and maybe before that, the same -- just the investment going into long-dated entitlements that's going to produce extensive housing -- multifamily housing in our markets. We are talking about levels that are about 2x historical norms, just to be clear, which this is the time of the cycle you would expect that to happen, and so we actually do see 2016 supply starting to come down, deliveries actually starting to come down in our markets.
Timothy J. Naughton: Sean, maybe -- I think the question is what was our projected forward unlevered IRR and assets that we sold, maybe just talk about '13. The back [indiscernible].
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, thank you, Lauren, and thanks, everyone, for being on the call today. Hopefully, you found this new format helpful. We'll be reaching out and seeing if you did. But we look forward to seeing many of you over the next month or 2 and a number of you at the Citigroup COO Conference in early March. Thanks again and have a nice day.
Sean J. Breslin: David, this is Sean Breslin. In terms of CapEx, if you look at the full year '13, it was actually a little bit lower than we would have anticipated due to a couple things, primarily the fact that some of the projects that we anticipated executing were delayed as we acquired the Archstone assets and spent the fair amount of '13 trying to evaluate those assets in terms of the fiscal needs. So it did pop up as we started to complete that process and started to execute projects in the fourth quarter, and we'd expect it to be a little more elevated in 2014 as we catch up on some of the AvalonBay projects that were delayed from '13 into '14 and start to implement the capital program that we have established for the Archstone asset.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes. Nick, this is Sean. A couple of comments in terms of the acceleration. And the slide deck that we posted gave you some general ranges in terms of the markets. But essentially, what we're seeing is the softness that we're experiencing or deceleration that we're seeing in the mid-Atlantic, a little bit in Northern California and New York, we think it's going to be essentially offset by what we're seeing in terms of growth in Boston and Southern California. Just to give you some examples, when we look at Q4 renewals in the Boston market, we're in the 5% to 6% range, which is 100 to 200 basis points above where we were in Q4 of 2012. And in Southern California, the renewals were in the high 5% range, which is about 150 basis points higher than we were in Q4 2012. As we see where we are in Q1, that same trend is continuing as we look at both of those regions in terms of the trend being elevated relative to 2012. So the trend in those 2 markets, which are the 2 markets we expect to accelerate, is fitting the current business pattern. And in terms of your specific question about occupancy, for the AvalonBay same-store basket, we're essentially seeing occupancy is going to be about the same as it was in 2013. In the Archstone assets, we do expect to pick up probably about 50 or 60 basis points of occupancy, which will support revenue growth in '14 in that portfolio when it enters the same-store basket in the second quarter.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes. Derek, this is Sean. Based on what we can tell you right now just in aggregate, we're expecting blended rent change to average in the 4% range over the course of the year. Obviously, that is cyclical as you move through the seasons throughout the year, but that would be the average for the year on a blended basis.
Sean J. Breslin: Well, Derek, to answer the specific question, the first part of it, we are providing the same guidance in terms of the combined Archstone AvalonBay portfolio in the last 3 quarters of the year same as the AvalonBay portfolio for the entire year. And if you think about it in terms of the mix of the Archstone assets, there is a percentage that's coming in, there's about 25% coming in from D.C. that will pull the average down. But offsetting that is the performance that we're seeing in Southern California, which is about 30% of that basket, as well as even though it's decelerating and Northern California is about another 20% of the Archstone basket. So you've got about 50% of that portfolio is coming in from the West Coast, including the accelerating Southern California region, to help offset what's happening in the mid-Atlantic in terms of the slowdown there or any deceleration in New York. So net-net, when you add it all up, it comes in about the same range.
Sean J. Breslin: No, I wouldn't quite say that, no. The range we provided for the AvalonBay standalone and the Archstone/AvalonBay basket for the last 3 quarters just ends up being basically the same range.
Sean J. Breslin: I wouldn't say increase as it relates to '14. We have seen some shifts in terms of deals being delayed, as I mentioned. So there's been volume that's been shifted from it was late '13, it's now early '14 and stuff that's in the back half of '14, you still put some probability on whether they're actually going to execute it and get it delivered at that point versus some of the shifting into '15. But in terms of absolute numbers, I wouldn't say that it's increased by any significance, no.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes. One thing to note, Alex, is that we saw some elevated OpEx in the fourth quarter of '13. We do expect that to hold at a little bit higher level in the first half of '14 as compared to the second half driven by a number of different factors, timing of insurance renewals, as an example, in terms of when that kicks in. I also mentioned the accounting treatment of the Archstone expenditures that in the first 12 months we're able to capitalize some of those costs based on our accounting treatment. But as you get into February, as an example, start shipping into March, we have to start expensing all those costs. So you'll see a year-over-year elevation in expenses in the first half, and then it'll fall off into the second half. So you will see greater NOI growth coming out of the second half to support greater earnings growth in the second half as well.
Sean J. Breslin: Rich, this is Sean. Yes, cap rates haven't really moved much. There's been some discussion about they moved 20, 25 basis points, as some people have commented on. I'd say if there's been any cap rate movement, it's probably been in sort of secondary, tertiary markets or assets that are a little bit out-of-favor in terms of what someone's looking for. So if it's up a B asset in a secondary market in the East Coast, I'd say. On the West Coast, I'd say cap rates have been pretty darn stable. We sold assets in the fourth quarter. We sold a fair amount, $670 million or so of which about $500 million was AvalonBay wholly-owned, and the cap rates for those assets weren't any different than what we would have expected 12 months ago, I'd say. Transaction market's pretty liquid. If you look at RCA's data, we're talking about $103 billion in transactions for 2013. That's right on par with the peak of 2007. It was around $100 billion, and it's up 12% from last year. So it's a pretty liquid market, but plenty of demand for product.
Sean J. Breslin: Still too premature at this point. There's a lot of chatter about that, but there's not a lot of action.
Sean J. Breslin: Rich, this is Sean. The other thing just to keep in mind on that, you're talking about the impact on same-store numbers for one short period of time. So we certainly took a longer-term view of the portfolio in terms of how we thought it would perform relative to our base portfolio. We feel very good about the long-term prospects of those assets. If you said would you buy Archstone just because you're worried about what might happen in D.C. in the short run, that wasn't the topic that was on our mind when we bought the portfolio.
Sean J. Breslin: Dave, this is Sean. It is a balanced approach, I guess, I'll say, so certainly, the management team set some parameters based on macro factors that are going on in the economic environment. What's happening with supply, Tim alluded to some of the major factors related to personal income growth and the correlation with rent growth, and things of that sort. And so we sort of provide a framework for the operating teams in terms of what we might expect within a market but then they certainly create bottoms-up budgets based on what they know is delivering down the street from one property versus no supply next to another property, as well as other issues sort of at the asset and submarket level. So it is a balanced approach.
Sean J. Breslin: Dave, this is Sean. Just one comment to add, and I know you were at NMHC as well. But the last 3 or 4 months, starts have been trending pretty flat, around 75 to 80 at -- in terms of just pure starts. Based on what we're hearing just anecdotally from talking to developers is that they are starting to experience some tightening in terms of the availability of equity capital to fund development deals. NMHC has an index that sort of tracks whether equity is more or less available for new development. And I think the last 2 quarters were the first 2 quarters in about 2 years, where that actually has gone negative in terms of the availability of capital to start development, multifamily rental developments are specific product is tightening. So based on what we're hearing from that perspective as well as the trends in construction cost over the last couple of years, I think there is some pressure on deals penciled-in and making sense. So try to extrapolate exactly what that means for starts other than it probably will be a more challenging environment for starts in '14 as compared to '13.
Sean J. Breslin: Dave, it's Sean. That's a hard question to answer. Portfolios trades are so episodic based on unique circumstances that it's hard to dictate what people are thinking about. Certainly, the individual trade market is very active. As I mentioned, it's -- the entire market traded about $100 billion in '13. About 60% of that is individual transactions. About 40% was portfolio trades or entity deals. That's certainly a pretty big number. So you wouldn't expect to see that in '14. I don't know that it means that there's less appetite for portfolio trades. I think it really comes down to the economics of the specific deals and who wants to transact. But it's hard to extrapolate a trend from that data in terms of what the appetite might be in '14 for portfolio deals.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, Jeff, it's Sean. In terms of expense growth, I mean, what's really driving it across all the markets is the assumption for property taxes. Controllable expenses for the most part are going to be in the 1% to 2% range, and it moves around a little bit based on utilities and things like that. So really, for the most part, it's driven by -- taxes are 1/3 roughly of our expense structure. On a portfolio basis, it's probably going to be up 4% to 4.5%, but there is some noise in there in terms of which market's going to have more pressure versus others. And in terms of the mid-Atlantic, specifically, we're going to see some pressure there on taxes that I wouldn't be surprised if OpEx in that market is in the 3.5% to 4% range as an example. You can squeeze controllable so much, but when you've get taxes coming through and that's 1/3 of your expense structure, you just can't get rid of it.
Sean J. Breslin: Paula, this is Sean. In terms of personal income growth, as Tim mentioned, there's a critical ingredient to be able to support rent growth. Right now, across the portfolio, rent to income ratios are basically around long-term averages. And so to the extent that you want to be holding in that range, which is certainly in our best interest as well as the industry's, you do need to see personal income growth to make that work. If we start to see a 5%-plus personal income growth, there's a lot of runway there on rent growth. If you think about it from our portfolio, every 1% or so increase in personal income, given our average income, equates to 4% to 5% rent growth across the portfolio. So if we start seeing 5% personal income growth, it's definitely going to ease the pressure on rent-to-income ratios, and people should be feeling pretty good about what they're paying in terms of their rent across the portfolio.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, Haendel, this is Sean. In terms of Boston, you may want to think about it as sort of a tale of 2 cities or 2 submarkets, which is urban versus suburban. In terms of our portfolio, in terms of what's been outperforming, the suburban markets have clearly started to outperform the urban sector. And so the majority of our portfolio is in the suburban markets in Boston, North Shore, South Shore, MetroWest, et cetera. And as we look forward into '14, the support for our revenue growth assumptions comes from the suburban portfolio. We've got the Prudential Center in the Back Bay and a couple of other communities under construction, but we're expecting those suburban communities to outperform given the limited supply characteristics that we see just based on the pipeline. We can count the projects that are under production in the urban core, as compared to the suburbs, and those are very different numbers. So if you had a highly concentrated portfolio in the urban core in Boston, over the next 12 to 24 months, it's probably going to soften relatively materially. But based on what we're seeing on the suburbs and the fact that a number of those towns are now at or above their 40B requirements in terms of affordable housing, it's probably going to put more pressure on supply downward at the suburbs as compared to even the last decade. So I think you need to think about Boston sort of that way kind of urban versus [indiscernible].
Sean J. Breslin: I wouldn't necessarily say that. I mean, we look at our entire portfolio in terms of trying to identify where the market's pricing those assets as compared to where we think the asset should trade, and what the forward IRRs are in each market in terms of trying to decide which communities to sell. So we evaluate Boston just like any other market. How much we're building in a particularly market does impact that decision as well. We have a fair amount going in Boston. We have a lot going in New York. We have more than $700 million going in New York. That was one of the factors that influenced our desire to consider selling Christie Place, as an example, which Tim mentioned earlier. So there's a whole lot of factors that go into deciding which assets to sell. So we might sell an asset or 2 in Boston, but it's not necessarily targeted for disposition for any particular reason.
Sean J. Breslin: Mike, it's Sean. Don't really have an answer for you on the eaves question specifically. But in terms of urban versus suburban, I think Tim mentioned earlier in his remarks, prepared remarks, that most of supply in many of these markets is concentrated in the urban core. So as we look out over the next couple of years, and you think about what's happening in Boston, what's happening in Seattle, parts of San Francisco, as an example, the supply is concentrated more in the urban core. So it's more likely that the suburban portfolio is going to outperform if you look at just supply as a percentage of inventory in the suburban markets versus the urban markets. And then in particular, as our market research expert, Greg Thomas, reminds us that as housing continues ramp up, you get a fair amount of production coming out of the suburban markets to support job growth in those market that will help as well.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, Mike, this is Sean. I think I mentioned earlier that '13 was a little bit depressed for us given the focus on trend to really go through the Archstone portfolio and identify the CapEx requirements both near term and long term, identify redevelopment candidates, as well as with some of that work going on, some delays in some of the CapEx for the AvalonBay portfolio. So as you look forward to '14, it's going to be more elevated, and then will trail off. We haven't finalized the numbers yet, but I wouldn't be surprised if we're in the 800 to 900 unit range as we look at '14 in terms of catching up from AvalonBay projects in '13 and getting through the initial rounds of the Archstone CapEx as well.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes. I think Tim quoted a market cap rate for dispositions over the last decade or so, not necessarily a forward IRR. But in terms of assets that have been sold recently, the forward IRR of those assets based on our models and our assumptions about revenue growth, expense growth, is in the, call it, the low 6% range, somewhere in that ballpark.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, Derek, Sean. There's a little bit of seasonality in that. And if you think about the fourth quarter kind of broad picture, supply ramped up to a higher level, which is again a level we expect to see through the first half of '14. There's also a pretty significant amount of uncertainty. It wasn't that long ago in September, October, November in terms of discussions about the budget and debt ceiling and sequestration that people were uncertain about paychecks. So the fourth quarter certainly had not only a seasonal slowdown, but I'd say some uncertainty that really prompted some difficult market characteristics. As we move into January, we typically start to see things ramp up. Even though D.C. is decelerating and is weak, it is still following that same seasonal pattern, where you're seeing renewals more in the 4% range. So how long can that last? It depends on a lot of different factors that I can't give you a great answer to other than we would expect first quarter, second quarter to ramp up relative to the fourth quarter given the seasonal patterns. At what absolute levels is hard to predict. It just really depends on the demand side at this point.
Matthew H. Birenbaum: Yes, sure. Vincent, this is Matt. I'll speak to that a little bit. It is to some extent driven by the opportunities that the team's seen in the local markets, which is hard to predict, and also, just by the level of activity there. So we did stock up heavily on Southern California Development Rights over the last 18 months, and the team has really been focused on pulling those through over the last -- since that time really. So we've had 3 starts in Southern Cal, back half of this year, we expect 3 more next year, and so that has consumed a lot of their focus. There's just a lot of execution there. I think that we still expect and hopeful that we will grow our development rights pipeline in Southern California some during the year. But the best deals are usually the ones you see early in the cycle. So I'm not sure we'll be able to restock it to the same extent as we're taking deals out and into production. Boston is a little more steady, actually. We've been able to add Development Rights there at a pretty steady clip kind of year-in and year-out. So we do see kind of a bunch of starts coming in there this year as well, but that team has been very successful over the years. And so I do think what we're seeing is a little bit of a shift in the composition there. And just a little color on that, that I think sheds some light on the variety of our development activity, we're looking at probably 3 starts in the Boston metro area this year, one of which would be a high rise downtown, one of which would be a medium density wood frame deal, kind of in the 128 corridor, and the third of which would be a service parts wood frame deal in the 495 corridor. So we're trying to be mindful of kind of keeping that diversity of the pipeline going and responding to the opportunities that are different in each market and in different points in the cycle.
Matthew H. Birenbaum: This is Matt again. I guess, I would say New Jersey is -- our focus on New Jersey has been almost entirely inland in the very high barrier to entry sub-markets that are away from the water, away from the coast, and so there are a lot of deals there. A lot of those are 200, 250 unit wood frame deals. So kind of your average capital investment per deal is on the lower end, and that is one of our highest yielding markets in terms of development yields because it's so supply constrained. So but it takes a long time to take those deals through the process. Those are very much deals that Tim was speaking to. You're bringing them through a process. There's a re-zoning involved. Sometimes, there's a tax abatement involved. So it probably takes that many deals to get to the point that we can start reasonable volume year-after-year there.
Matthew H. Birenbaum: Yes, it's a crowded marketplace out there. I would say the sites that were entitled and ready to go early in the cycle and just needed capital and some execution, as Tim had mentioned, those are pretty much gone at this point. And if there's any of those out there, they're bid up to returns that are probably not that attractive to us. We still, in the high barrier suburban submarkets, where there's real entitlement issues, we're still very strong competitors in those situations. So I would say, the Northeast has been pretty stable. Probably, the West Coast is the area that is more cyclical, and where it's probably gotten more aggressive relative to where it might have been a year or 2 ago. And then I guess the other market that's been incredibly competitive has been New York, New York City, specifically.
Matthew H. Birenbaum: Yes, this is Matt again. We do have a fair amount of development rights in D.C. actually, including several that we picked up from Archstone. So we've been cautious in D.C., but I think you're right that as you look out a couple years out, hopefully, the supply demand fundamentals start to improve significantly, and we can still develop product in the D.C. Metro area at a pretty compelling cost basis. It's still surprising where assets are trading relative to replacement cost. So we may have a start or 2 in the D.C. Metro area in the next 4 to 6 quarters, call it. And we actually do have a reasonable pipeline, looking out to potential '15 or '16 starts in D.C. just based on what we had before plus what we got from Archstone, and 1 or 2 others that we've been able to pick up here in the last year or so, as the land market has started to soften a bit here.
