Timothy J. Naughton: Thanks, Tom. Obviously, 2012 was a very exciting and active year for AvalonBay. Now we introduced and implemented our branding initiative, invested significantly in our business across all growth platforms, announced the acquisition of Archstone, which will grow the enterprise value the company by about 40% and generated very strong earnings growth for the second consecutive year. Looking to 2013, we remain optimistic about our growth prospects. We look forward to sharing our thoughts and plans with you over the course of the year. And with that, operator, we'd like to open the line for questions.
Timothy J. Naughton: Gaurav, Tim Naughton here. It's still too premature to talk about it in terms of those operating metrics. I mean one of the things we have, you look at -- I think Sean have mentioned, AVA H3, in terms of how well received that's been in a market, where rents have outperformed our expectations there. And I think that's one of the things that we've been pretty consistent in saying, as we think in many ways the benefit's going to be on the return on initial capital as it relates to delivering a distinct product to a targeted segment as opposed to trying to deliver a product that appeals to multiple segments where oftentimes you overprogram the community. And I think that was a -- that community is a really good example, it's not trying to be all things to all people, it really seem to hit a mark in that particular submarket and we're being rewarded with it with a very healthy yield relative to what you might normally expect in the Washington market.
Timothy J. Naughton: Gaurav, we are already planning on growing the pipeline next year. Without the Archstone acquisition, the pipeline would've gone from about $1.8 billion to about $2.5 billion by the end of the year. With the acquisition, it will go to about $3 billion by the end of the year. So it does grow the pipeline by about 20%, if you will, which is about the same percentage if you just look at the numbers I've mentioned before. We're going to bring about $1 billion of new development in, including what's under construction, on top of a pipeline that is currently about $4.6 billion. Now we are bringing some new development and construction folks along as well, so we are growing the capacity of the group commensurate with the amount of production that we expect as a direct result of the Archstone deal. And we do think, particularly as you look out to the next cycle, that this allows us to scale up other development platform maybe not exactly commensurate with the 35% or 40% growth that we were bringing on, but pretty close in our sense. So next year, we're expecting $3 billion, peaking at around $3 billion, it'll be about 13% of enterprise value, so it's actually up from 11% right now. But we -- if it have been planned, that would have been up into the 14% to 15% range anyway, so we're maybe -- it's maybe diluted by about 100 to 200 basis points from what we would have been -- where we would have been in an event we hadn't done the acquisition.
Timothy J. Naughton: It does. Even at that level, Gaurav, it's not kind of an over-index, if you will. This transaction, one of the things we liked about it, as we talked about, was market concentration. It gets us very close to where our long-term target -- our targets have been across different geographies. But Southern California, we think, is scaled appropriately relative to how we want to continue to grow our presence in that market relative to the overall portfolio.
Timothy J. Naughton: And Jana, this is Tim. Just to be clear in terms of our outlook as it relates to homeownership rates, we don't necessarily see them reversing dramatically. We see it, as I mentioned in my remarks, more of a balanced housing demand where marginal homeownership and our rental propensities are more in line with sort of longer-term averages. So we don't see it going back to 69%, where it was at the peak. It may drift up a little bit over the next few years, but that's what's embedded in our outlook, in our view of the housing market.
Timothy J. Naughton: Alex, this is Tim. In addition to that, depending upon where the equity markets are, we'd certainly be willing and able to expand dispositions as well. We're -- our outlook does call for us to be a net seller of assets and depending upon market conditions and what the best source of capital is. From a cost standpoint, we may be selling more assets. Later in the year, we may issue debt depending upon capital market conditions. So but I mean, that's just where we are.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, the registration rights were heavily negotiated as far as transactions to make sure we both had access ultimately to the capital markets, which was in both of our best interest, to allow the other party to have access to the capital markets. In their case, to sell down their position; and our case, to continue to fund the business. So Mike, we try to contemplate in terms of how we negotiate the transaction upfront. There weren't any board seats. So they wanted to have the freedom to be able to access the markets when it made sense, and I really don't know how they intend to reduce their position over time, whether it's over a lengthy period of time or whether they may want to do underwritten offerings or just sell into the -- just average down by selling into the open market. But I'm not sure I fully grasped your question, but we try to contemplate what the relationship might look like frankly in the way that we negotiate the registration rights.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, they've already broadened their base, Eric. I mean, obviously, it starts -- I mean, our deliveries are peaking in 2013. I meant, parts are probably peaking in 2011 into early 2012. And so, we've already started to see a movement from many of our competitors to start focusing on some of the other markets, where, frankly, the perceived cost of capital goes a lot further in terms of being able to get into the ground a lot quicker. I'm thinking a lot about the merchant builders in particular, whose business follows [indiscernible] quite a bit on fee generation. In terms of visibility in our markets, it's pretty good. I mean, we built it ground up through -- by working with -- between our research group and our local franchisees and identify every project that's out there. We handicapped the likelihood and the timing of when the deals might go forward. And generally, we've had -- we've been pretty accurate with respect to our expectations there. So as it relates to other markets, obviously, we have a lot less visibility. We depend a lot more on third-party estimates there. But -- and I think what you'll find if you go and you look at some of the research houses' estimates, it's showing that the surprises to the upside on product that's typically been in markets where it's just been easier to get into the ground. So we've definitely seen a bit of, I don't know, if it's a, say, a pullback, but definitely, a number of our peers, they're looking to go back and do business with some of the other markets in which, frankly, in many cases they came from or where their own sponsored capital goes much further.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes, I don't know that, that was a driver, Rich. I mean, obviously, it's a unique situation, a unique opportunity. I think what helped framed our positive outlook in Archstone is a belief that we are not late in the cycle right now and that this cycle, in some ways, has -- shares more characteristics with the '90s than it does the 2000s. And so, we did enter this with the belief that we still had a few more years to run here. As it relates to whether that meant '13 or '14 was going to be stronger, I don't think that was particularly relevant to the decision. And then secondly, I'd say, just the ability to do what we've been trying to do from a portfolio standpoint and by being able to team up with EQR and therefore get more of the part of Archstone that we wanted and they got more of what they wanted, that was extremely attractive to us. And then you can't -- you just can't decouple just the ability to structure the transaction in a way that was appropriate risk from our standpoint in terms of how it's executed.
Timothy J. Naughton: No, I'm not saying that. No, I'm not saying that. I'm saying our view on the markets was that generally, we had a decent run ahead of us to the extent that we thought '14 and '15 were turning down significantly, it would have impact pricing evaluation.
Timothy J. Naughton: Dave, Tim. Yes, and our expectations are that the -- as I mentioned, we do expect the economy to sort of hit a higher sustainable growth rate. Most third-party projections are north of 2% for both '14 and '15 where annual job growth going from, call it, 1.8 million nationally to over 3 million. So yes, it is our expectation that job growth would be in the 2% range, maybe a little bit greater where you've got apartment starts going from the mid-1s, call it, as a percentage of the housing stock, down to the lower-1s where you'd have very favorable supply/demand fundamentals as a result.
Timothy J. Naughton: It depends on the market and the submarket, actually. We actually have a unique growth profile for every submarket which we do business. And in some cases, it does move around a little bit, like in EKG, sometimes it goes down, sometimes it actually goes up in years '14 and '15. So overall, I will tell you that yes, our growth -- our estimates for growth in '14 and '15 in many markets are better than they are in '13.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, we are already seeing what's happening with starts, Dave. And again, I think in our markets -- I can't really speak as much nationally, but in our markets, we do have a lot of visibility with respect to what's actually happening, what's financed, what's getting started, and have a pretty good sense of how that might be delivered. Now in some cases, we're handicapping deals. We may be assigning a 75% probability to the extent that the markets get a lot more blend than you may -- we may rehandicap, that's 100% probability which would impact our numbers at the margin. But based on what we're seeing today in terms of what's starting and what is going to deliver, which oftentimes in our markets particularly in these urban and infill, David, it's a 7- to 10-quarter gestation period from the time you start to the time the units actually get delivered into the market.
Timothy J. Naughton: That would be on a case-by-case basis. The economics of the development pipeline are still very compelling. On average, the $1.8 billion that's under construction, it's got a projected yield of 6, 7. The underlying economics of the shadow pipeline, the $2.8 billion, are very similar. The deals that we put under contract this year and added to the pipeline are very similar, high-6s. And as long as cap rates are 5-ish, low-5s, there's a lot of value there to be created. But there -- to the extent rental rates flatten out or go negative in markets, it's going to impact some deals at the margin. But it wouldn't necessarily be -- in my view, necessarily a strategic shift, let's say, we're just going to cut the development pipeline and have -- not with -- other than maybe what's happening in the capital markets.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, thank you. And we appreciate all of you being on the call today, and we look forward to seeing many of you at the Citigroup CO Conference in early March. Have a great day. Thanks.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, Gaurav, this is Sean Breslin. We run revenue management similar to most of our peers. And so it's a blend of occupancy shifts and rental rate shifts that's really pretty dynamic. And it gets down to knowing the asset level, but the unit-type level in terms of whether 1 bedroom, 2 bedrooms or 3 bedrooms are performing better or our townhomes versus flats, so there's not one precise answer other than we're trying to optimize revenue, which means potentially different strategies in different markets, depending on supply/demand dynamics as well as the supply/demand dynamics at the asset and the submarket level. So there's not one generic answer to that question, unfortunately.
Sean J. Breslin: Ross, this is Sean Breslin. One thing that we looked at in completing the transaction is sort of the long-term growth rate of our existing portfolio relative to the Archstone portfolio of assets we're acquiring. And our expectation is that over the long run, there's a spread there that's probably in the 30 to 50 basis point range. And based on what visibility we have today, I wouldn't be surprised if that's what we would expect during 2013. I can't answer specific to Q4 right off the top of my head, but that's our expectation sort of long-term and sort of what we're seeing at least so far in 2013.
Sean J. Breslin: Sure. And it does vary by submarket. So to provide a little context there. Our experience recently has been that suburban Maryland and Baltimore regions have been a little bit softer in terms of overall performance. And it's been holding up a little bit better in the suburban Virginia market and in the core of D.C.. The one thing to keep in mind relative to D.C., at least for us, is our same-store basket in D.C. only represents 2 assets. So it's a little bit skewed there. And then in terms of rent change in the Mid-Atlantic, we were close to 4% on renewals in the fourth quarter, but slightly negative in terms of new move-ins in the fourth quarter. And again, there is some asset noise in there that moves things around, but those are the numbers overall for the Mid-Atlantic in the fourth quarter.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, Jana, this is Sean Breslin. In terms of your first question on move outs due to home purchases, the 16% during the quarter is up about 80 basis points on a year-over-year basis but still well below our long-term average, which is closer to the 20%. And at this point in the cycle, all the markets are still fairly well below their long-term average with 2 exceptions, that being the Boston market, which is running around 24% compared to a long-term average of about 20%, and Seattle, which is running at 23%, which is consistent with its long-term average. And then in terms of maybe the broader question that you asked about the risk of home ownership, it certainly does exist and it probably exists more so in, I'd say, suburban assets and larger floor plans. One of the things we're trying to watch is the supply of available products certainly is being chewed up, I think as to Tim's earlier comments, in many of these markets. So the supply of inventory that's available is getting squeezed in certain places. And then to your point, particularly in our sort of least affordable markets, New York, San Francisco, Southern California as an example, that may start to come back in terms of increasing towards this long-term average for move outs due to home purchases. But it may be relatively gradual, just given the affordability. It's still more affordable relative to its historical levels, but still relatively unaffordable as compared to some of the more commodity markets and potentially some of the northeastern markets like Boston, like I mentioned.
Sean J. Breslin: Yes, Jana, this is Sean again. In terms of dispositions and the spread on cap rates, historically, we've said it's probably somewhere in the neighborhood of 25 basis points dilutive in terms of what we'd be selling versus what we'd be buying. And then in terms of markets, we try to look at it from a number of different dimensions. First is sort of from a portfolio allocation point of view in terms of where we are, either over allocated or under allocated, considering the development pipeline that we have in those markets. So that is from a macro point of view. It sort of dictates which markets we look at. And then from that standpoint, then we kind of go to the next level which is at the submarket, trying to determine where we think we'll see outperformance or underperformance in terms of more attractive submarkets. And then that really drives picking a group of assets within a particular submarket where we would be trying to exit. So for us, what has meant more historically is we have pretty robust development pipelines, for example, in New Jersey and in Boston, we've been more active on the selling front there, whereas we've been relatively under-allocated in Southern California, some of the attractive submarkets there. So that's an example of how we look at it, and we'll take a similar approach this year. We have identified specific assets that we haven't telegraphed yet, which ones those are.
Sean J. Breslin: Rich, I'm not sure there were any real standout surprises. I mean, it's all relative to when you were thinking about it, I guess. But I don't think there's anything different from what we expected based on where we were at mid last year; how the portfolio was trending in the second half of the year; expectations for job growth; as Tim mentioned, the ability to have good visibility on supply. I mean, those factors were fairly well in place at that point. I mean, what you'd be looking for is significant changes in a -- from a macro point of view and in certain markets, particularly D.C., has yet to be seen in terms of what that impact is, so you run some sensitivities around that in terms of where you think it'll be. But I don't think the nature of the issues are materially different than what we would have expected 3 to 6 months ago. The question is how sensitive the portfolio will be in certain macro events. And I'd say at this point in time, it all comes down to jobs, it comes down to jobs from a macro point of view; it comes down to jobs specifically as it relates probably more so to D.C. than most markets since it has a fair bit of supply coming as we all know; and then as Tim mentioned, how much unbundling continues to occur as people start feeling better about the broader economy overall.
Sean J. Breslin: Sure. Paula, this is Sean Breslin. Maybe taking your second question first in terms of the redevelopment pipeline. We do expect that there will be opportunities in the Archstone portfolio. We've not quantified that yet in terms of exactly what that means. But we do know over the last several years, Archstone has certainly done a fine job maintaining the assets. But there's not been a significant investment in enhancing the assets and looking for opportunities to reposition those assets in certain markets and submarkets. So I think there's plenty of opportunity there, we just haven't quantified it just yet. We'll be doing that as we go through 2013. And then in terms of our CapEx overall, we don't expect it to be materially different from our portfolio. In the 500 to 600 unit range typically is where it's been running. We'll probably be a little bit higher than that in '13 based on some enhancement activity that we're doing and some leasing offices and things like that. But it's not going to be materially different, probably marginally higher, just given the ages -- the age of assets is a little bit older and some of the high-rise, but not materially different.
Sean J. Breslin: Oh, plans for this year. It really varies by asset in terms of who the prime buyers are. Generally, suburban garden product, you're finding that the private leverage buyers are all over that. And the cap rates with the low leverage debt that they can secure nowadays are pretty attractive. Core infill urban high-rises, it's institutional or REIT peers are the main buyers. I mean, the San Francisco asset I mentioned was sold to a pension fund adviser, as an example versus the other 2 fund assets we sold in the fourth quarter were private leverage buyers. So there's not probably one answer to that question. It depends on the market and the product more than anything else.
Thomas J. Sargeant: Ross, this is Tom. One, we have not terminated that hedge, so I should probably emphasize that it's still outstanding. We're still evaluating the hedge and our capital markets activity for the year. What we're trying to telegraph is that if you look at the capital raising activity we've done over the last 2 years since we've put that hedge in place, we've done over $10 billion of new capital in the last 2 years if you -- through the Archstone transaction. In other words, if you take April of '11 through April of '13, we will have raised $10 billion of capital. And this is a company that normally would raise over a 2-year period $1.5 billion. So it's 7.5x to 10x what we normally would have done. And that is a very different, obviously, outcome than we thought we'd have in April when we did that hedge. So it's fair to say that we are reevaluating our need for debt capital in 2013 given the amount of capital activity we've had over a couple of years. And I would say that debt to EBITDA levels, which will be in the high 6% range upon closing, is something we'd like to work down. And to work that down, the quickest way to do it is to grow your EBITDA and not issue a bunch of debt. So we have somewhat of a very focused intent to get that debt to EBITDA number down, and that could impact our willingness to issue new debt in 2013, which would also therefore require us to break that hedge.
Thomas J. Sargeant: Yes. Embedded in the guidance for the year is about $0.22. If you stabilize that, for a full year, it would be about $0.26. Also, that $6.15, it's important to remember that, that number is not a stabilized number. There's $0.15 of dilution in the first quarter because we're sitting on about $2.8 billion of capital. That's -- so if you think about that $6.15 and a $0.15 of dilution and then adjust for the full year, if you will, of that dilution -- or that accretion of $0.26, you get to an adjusted FFO number on a cash basis that's about 10% higher than last year, which approximates our dividend increase.
Thomas J. Sargeant: Yes. I think that you should -- as we said in my comments, it's not likely that we will be in the debt capital markets for additional unsecured debt. When I say not likely, that doesn't mean we precluded completely. We didn't specifically say what the $700 million and $900 million was, but there aren't a lot of choices left. So I think it's fair to say that we'd probably -- if we are looking to work down the debt to EBITDA, the best way to do that is not through debt but with equity and through NOI growth.
Thomas J. Sargeant: Yes, that's -- then we could have changes in how much we'd expect to start for new development. There's a lot of levers to pull, but our focus really is on getting debt to EBITDA back down to near or below 6 in a reasonable amount of time.
Thomas J. Sargeant: Yes, that's why I said that we didn't specify the $700 million and $900 million because there are other options. But if debt is less of an option, it would be -- the preferred would be interesting. That would then -- then you'd have debt and preferred to EBITDA calculations, which would still be high, so that's another consideration. But I think it's fair to say that we're very focused on restoring that debt to EBITDA number and pulling levers internally to drive that number down quicker.
Thomas J. Sargeant: Yes, well, Alex, we don't get pitched to do hedges. We go out and talk to our bankers based on our view that we want to do a hedge. No one talks us into anything, so no one talked us into that hedge back in 2011. So if you look at our general plan, we had $215 million hedged against the planned issuance of $430 million. And at the time, we had a wall of debt coming due in 2013 that we wanted to protect against. The hedge was done in April of '11 when rates were about 3.4% for 10 years, it's spiked up. And so, I can't say that we won't do hedges in the future. I can say that there's an appropriate use of hedging and that you should think of hedging as if we issued debt in April of '11. And in November of '10, we issued debt at 3.95%. We're all high-flying at the lowest issuance ever on a debt deal, and that's probably $30 million out of the market right now. And so, it's like issuing debt. And if you look at that hedge, you have to think of the all the other debt we've issued at 4%, 5%, 6%, 7%, 8% and say, "Gosh, why didn't you think about that? Why didn't you know rates were going to fall to the point where you could get to 2.85%?" So I'll stop my diatribe now, but that concludes my remarks on the hedge.
Thomas J. Sargeant: Well, we didn't specifically provide outlook on interest expense. I think I'd refer back to debt to EBITDA, and that is that debt to EBITDA would be in the high-6s in April following the close. It would work its way down to about 6.2 by the end of the year. And I think you can back into the numbers based on that.
