Kevin O'Shea: Great. Thanks, Sean. Looking at ongoing development activity from a volume and balance sheet perspective on slide 23, while new development in certain supply constraint markets were continued to generate attractive profit margins, development elsewhere had become more challenged. As a result, development starts have declined from around $1.2 billion per year for much of this cycle to less than $1 billion per year in 2017 and as projected in 2018. Consequently the total amount of development way has declined from its peak in 2016 and is expected to remain relatively stable at around $3 billion or about 10% of our total enterprise value. As we pursue development more selectively in our markets, we remain focused on carefully managing our risk on such ways by limiting the amount of land that we owned for development. As you can see on slide 24, over the past 2 years we have kept our land inventory below $100 million. At $68 million at year end 2017, our current land inventory is at the lowest level in over a decade and represents a mere 20 basis points of our total [indiscernible]. In addition, as we've discussed before, another way in which manage risk from ongoing development is by substantially match funding long-term capital with development underway. This allows us to lock-in development profit and substantially reduce development funding risk. As you can see on slide 25, we were approximately 75% match funded against development underway at year end 2017, consistent with our objective of being roughly 70% to 80% match funded against this book of business. To further reduce risk on development profits, we also put in place 10-year treasury hedges totaling $300 million of the blended 2.4% swap rate as compared to a 10-year yield of approximately 2.7% today. We intend to apply these hedges to newly issued debt in 2018. On slide 26, we show our liquidity and several key credit metrics as of year-end 2017. These remain strong and reflect our continued financial flexibility. Specifically at year end, we enjoyed excess liquidity of about $200 million relative to the capital that is remaining to be invested in development. In addition, net-debt-to EBITDA remains low at 5.0 times, interest coverage remains high at 6.9 times and our unencumbered NOI ratio with an all time high of 89%, reflecting the benefit of our having payoff significant amount of secured debt in 2017. As shown on slide 27, our balance sheet management efforts over the past few years have produced a remarkably well laddered debt maturity schedule that will serve the company well in the coming years, specifically via substantially addressed our near term debt maturities and we've also been able to stagger debt maturities efficiently over the next 10 years. So the debt maturing in a single year does not exceed the amount of our dividend based on a reasonable growth rate. In addition, approximately $1.9 billion over 25% of our overall debt has a final maturity date that is more than 10 years from year end 2017. As a result, we had a weighted average year's debt maturity on our debt portfolio of 9.9 years versus the sector average of 6.4 years. We believe this underscores our differentiated balance sheet flexibility as we move through the remainder of the cycle. And with that, I will turn it back to Tim.
Kevin O'Shea: Well, I mean, I think, what we’ve heard is and it’s consistent with what you described Sean, first of all, as you know, we don’t use construction financing in our business. But from our interactions with those sponsors who do and conversions with bank, clearly it has become an awful lot harder for local developers to obtain construction financing, particularly the less more capitalized or if the project is in a more supply challenge market. To a great degree and there is a requiring more recourse imposing wider spreads, more conservatives, leverage levels, higher amounts of investor equity and just to have greater emphasis on who’s sponsor is. So at the margin that is starting to squeeze out some potential supply from the system and making deals harder to cancel.
Kevin O'Shea: Sure. This is Kevin. We, in the fourth quarter, we acquired the land on which are Morningside Park's community in Manhattan is located from the [indiscernible] and pursuant to the ground lease that was occupied since we completed the project in 2009. We acquired it for $95 million and doing so. We extinguished the ground lease that has some fair market value resets and didn't otherwise have a buyout option. So essentially, you think it was a pretty attractive acquisition of land from a long term perspective with probably levered IRR in 6% to 7% range, initially a little bit alluded because we get the opportunity to limited ground lease that have a $2.3 million run rate. But we have some prepaid rents associated with that and we will be eliminated ground lease to go it off.
Kevin O'Shea: Hey Drew, this is Kevin. Well, just a couple of comments. First we, we do typically as we did this year, provided an overall prospective on the amount of capital we expect to source, net of internal cash flow and as you point out that’s about $1.25 billion this year. We historically and it’s a matter of practice, don’t break that down any further, we did disclosed $300 million of hedging activity in recent years as the prospect of interest rates increasing has become more pronounced, we have had a bit of a practice of hedging a portion of our anticipated debt issuance. So it's not necessarily one for one relationship. And so, but, stepping back and looking at that $1.25 billion, as you know, we roughly have three sources that we typically tap, common equity, asset sales and unsecured debt. Common equity markets are pretty unattractive for us as we - as you can tell and we all are cumulatively appreciate of. The other two markets so remain pretty attractive, Matt already talked a little bit about the transaction market. The unsecured debt market continues to be attractive. So our expectation and our capital plan contemplate that one on the $1.25 billion role. We denominate in the form of asset sales and unsecured debt, but we haven’t disclosed exactly the components of those items.
Kevin O'Shea: Yes, Conor, I would have said same, it’s up four and three quarters versus low to mid sixes in terms of projecting development yield.
Kevin O'Shea: Sure. This is nice if I can speak to you a little bit and then Tim or Sean, they want to chime in as well. Certainly our markets historically have been characterized as market that have international immigration and domestic actually out migration and that's been true for 3 years. This cycle, particularly early in this cycle, some of our markets actually saw domestic immigration, which was pretty unusual other than maybe Metro D.C., which has have that history over a longer period of time. Where we're sitting today, it's probably back to the historical norm, which is domestic out migration international immigration. And that is one of the attractions frankly for the expansion markets both Denver and Southeast Florida have strong domestic in migration as well as some international immigration particularly in Miami. So I'd say that's kind of what we're seeing today is trends reverting very much to what they've been for the past 20 or 30 years.
Kevin O'Shea: Yes, John, just add to that, we have been selling, particularly last couple of years, but I think we’ll probably continue in that peers, largely assets in the Northeast where per say all that’s been self developing. We can have a pretty deep development pipeline there and just sort of managing overall portfolio exposure. We should expend to spend continuing growth takes on some recycle, some capital out of those markets.
Kevin O'Shea: Sure, Alex, you've got probably $75 million or $76 million that is scheduled to mature another $70 million or so that is sort of elected to payoffs. And the cadence, I don’t have the cadence throughout the year, I think, probably it's going to be, they look at some each year. Probably will be skewed toward the front half, but it’s $150 million overall, the blended rate is kind of just underneath 4%, because some of them are just maturing, but we do have a couple deals that are elected to play offs that have interest rates between 7% and 8% where it is actually a modest prepayment penalty and a pretty positive NPV associated with that as you would expect.
Timothy Naughton: Well, thanks Kevin. Just a few concluding remarks before opening up for Q&A. So overall 2017 was a productive year. We completed almost $2 billion in new development, the most ever, generating $600 million in net asset value. We reduced near-term maturities and enhanced financial flexibility as Kevin just mentioned. And for the seventh consecutive year, we delivered above average sector growth in core FFO per share. In 2018 we expect to see stronger economic growth and healthy rental demand, but apartment fundamentals are likely to moderate as new deliveries are expected to reach this cyclical peak. Same-store revenue growth is expected to be down by about 40 basis points, as Sean mentioned, some 2017 to the low 2% range. And development should continue to contribute meaningfully to FFO growth although at a lesser rate in the last couple of years. And lastly, we’ll manage liquidity in the balance sheet to pursue this growth and our risk measured way as we move into the later years of the current cycle. And with that, Laurie, we’ll be happy to open the call for questions.
Timothy Naughton: Hey, Nick, I’ll start with that. This is Tim. If you look at our volume over really '17 or projecting for '18, it’s in the $800 million to $900 million range in terms of starts. That’s down a little bit more than 30% from the '13 to '16 time period. And what we’re really looking to do is right size it relative to what we can fund without the benefit of the equity markets, just given the state of - just yield stocks right now, and perhaps maybe being out of favour over the near-term. But we are looking to state -- we think we can fund that amount on a leverage neutral basis just remove the free cash flow debt and reasonable level of asset sales. So we do expect it to be in the $800 million to $1 billion range over the next, and call it three years. We’re continuing to focus on use of options just give us flexibility. And if you look at almost $4 billion of development right pipeline, we only got about $40 million tight up and pursued costs beyond the land costs. So we’re really controlling, but its $4 billion with $40 million investment. So it’s - I think, it’s in a remarkable position where we are in the cycle in terms of the flexibility that gives us to continue to pursue with still accretive growth for the company at least for the near-term. So the bottom line, I think, it would take the equity markets to open up and have a view that perhaps a cycle has a lot longer to run in just next two years to three years.
Timothy Naughton: Yes, Vincent, this is Tim. I just say, as I mentioned in my remarks, we are expecting housing demand to be more balanced than it has been in the prior years of this cycle where was predominantly rental housing. As I mentioned, we could see just how the fundamentals this year favoring for sales slightly as you know. If you're looking across age cohort say home ownership rates have ticked up. I wouldn’t be surprise as we see that continue here for the next, at least for the next few quarters the prospect of interest rates rising, I think maybe get some people off the sideline, potentially who may have been thinking about it. And certainly whenever you have the kind of confidence levels that you’re seeing right now and the kind of that could stimulate some for sale. So almost implicit in roughly 2% rent growth versus housing prices, I think, growing sort of mid single-digit, we expect a single family all things being equal, single family and for sale demand little bit stronger than the real side.
Timothy Naughton: Yes. It happened there run through sort of the outlook for CapEx. As we provided in the earnings release, the range is 2 to 3 with the midpoint 2.5, basically on top of what we did in 2017 as you noted. Probably taxes are going to make up 60% of the increase in total OpEx. They’re going to be up about 4.5%, just give you some perspective. It’s about 34% of our OpEx structure. Another 30%, its payroll, which we expect to increase at about 3.2%, the markets probably stronger than that to be honest, but we’ve reduced some bodies in certain regions for a number of different reasons to try and give you a little bit more efficient. So we’ve taken a little bit of pressure of payroll. The last 10% or so is from repair and maintenance and other categories, but there are offsetting reductions in a number of other categories, to give you some sense, for example, utilities, which is actually zero, selling offset, but zero growth rate that we’ve made a number of investments in sustainability over the last couple of years whether it’s LED or other types of investments that are continued to payoff and we expect to continue to invest in that this year in the form of solar and other projects. But we’re also seeing some offsets in terms of the marketing line items. The mix of marketing, however, engaging in terms of SEO search et cetera, cost per lease down about 10% year-over-year, cost inter costs were down. We’ve implemented online tour scheduling over the course of the last 12 months. And now about 41% of all of our tours is getting online, that’s up about 1,000 basis points year-over-year. That -- it doesn’t sound like it would be meaningful, but when you’re paying about seven bucks a phone or call or two bucks an email for a call centre to answer the phone or reply to an email that has the pretty fast based on the volume that you’ve got. And those are the marketing things in terms of survey costs we brought in house and things of that sort. And then in addition to this year, we’re running some lease management pilots where we’re replacing bodies onsite with people on a call centre where we can scale that activity. So there are number of things like that can sort of add up to offset to some of the pressures we’re seeing in the labor market and on property taxes and other places.
Timothy Naughton: It’s a possibility of setting on how things play out, but they offset some of the pressure for sure that we’re seeing in this category, yes.
Timothy Naughton: Yes, this is Tim. In terms of the outlook and for G&A next year there or this year, I'm sorry, 2018, there are number of areas that creates on a unique headwinds for the year, some which maybe non-core by the way, but in area of compensation, we actually have couple of seniors exit or retired now with the goal that actually accelerate some LTI and then just the best thing impact are some past multiyear LTI rewards that just start have start to accumulate plus some litigation related expenses versus last year that we are anticipating we have in the budget. That accounts about half projected increase in 2018 over '17. You know, I guess the other thing I’d say is we are -- even though that we are getting sort of later in the cycle, we architecting and invest in the business in terms of capabilities, we’ve been building the data analytics capability over last year too, and just a stabilization of that provides some pressure as well. And I guess, last I say, when you look at our over course of cycle and where those metrics are, they are actually, it's actually quite good, G&A is running about 16 bps, which is at the low end of the REIT sector, probably management overhead, which you asked about is running about 2.5% revenue to spend again sort of quite favorable and growth this cycle has been on the area 50% to 70% of our top line growth has been, which is always an objective of ours, keep it at or below, below top line growth. So it’s coming from a number of different places, but a number of things are kind of unique this year that are creating a little bit higher than average G&A growth.
Timothy Naughton: Yes, and I mean this is pretty [indiscernible] to our particular pipeline. This is not reflective of the market as a whole. It's that what you're asking. I mean we will be delivering quite a bit more in '19 than '18, Our expectation is the market, our market flow see less deliveries in 2018, just happens to be when the deals we having to have in the pipeline and how that moves through.
Timothy Naughton: Thank you, Laurie, and thanks everybody for being on the call today. And we look forward to seeing you in the coming months at various conferences. Have a good day.
Sean Breslin: Yeah, Nick, this is Sean. I’m happy to talk about that. In terms of Seattle, it’s been close to high flier market for a several years now as supply has been increasing, so as job growth and it set blistering pace of job growth for the last several years. But that has expected to continue to slow in the 2018 - 2017 is around 25,000 jobs, is projected to produce closer to 30,000 jobs in 2018, and at the same time though we’re talking about supply increasing from roughly 3.5% of inventory of to sort of in the mid-4s. So you are going from 9,000 units to almost 12 and it's pretty widespread across those markets or sub markets within Seattle, except maybe the North end. So, we're starting to see signs of deceleration there already market rents across the markets as well as what we're seeing in our portfolio indicate the deceleration, I would say sign of the cliff, but based on what we've seen, we would expect this to slowly decelerate throughout 2018 absent some major pull back in terms of employment there, so based on the forecast that we have for employment that’s where comfortable to us.
Sean Breslin: For this year, in terms of our portfolio, keep in mind, Seattle’s only around 5% of the portfolio, so it's not going to move the needle in a meaningful way. In terms of the nature of the deceleration of the magnitude of it, certainly that’s what expecting is the most deceleration from Seattle. We think we projected that reasonably appropriately, but as I indicated, it could fairly follow up more of job growth came in and much weaker. The supply is pretty much big based on what we know. And as you look in the 2019, it’s still pretty elevated at roughly 3.5% of supply. So our expectation is we’ll continue to decelerate in 2018 and if you see job growth in 2019, similar to what’s projected for 2018 with a level of supply will continue to soften in 2019 as well.
Sean Breslin: Hey sure, Rich, this is John. I am happy to start and if Mat has anything to add, you can do that as well. But we're pretty thorough in terms of our assessment and handicapping of supply each one of our regions, markets and at the sub market level. And we really come at it from two different approaches, first is the little more of macro, if you want to describe it that way, which is for all the data that we can from active metrics, regional resources, such as that to identify what they have laid out in terms of which specific projects, where they are expected delivery duration et cetera. In addition to that, we also go to some regional sources like delta here in the D.C. market as an example, [indiscernible] advisor, I think it is in Seattle, in terms of their assessment to local market. So we're getting all the input from the third-parties that we can to identify communities. And then in addition of that, we have sort of a ground up aggressively with process if you want to call it that way, which involves both our development and our RS teams. The development teams provide a pipeline to our market research function listing every single community within their region that’s in different stages of detailed planning or the construction process. So they’re picking up everything when first pipeline application as an example to building permit et cetera, and they lay that out and handicap it in terms of nature of the product type in the submarket in terms of what they expected construction duration would be, and then based on the local municipality, how they expect to deliver those units if it’s by four, if it’s by building in the case of guarding deal somewhere et cetera, et cetera. Then the final path in the grassroots process is it standard over the operating team and they, in particular look at the expected delivery schedule of near-term deliveries because that’s either who they’re competing with today for customers or the advertising has kicked in because they’re going to start preleasing within some reasonable period of time, 90 days to 120 days as an example. So the grassroots effort is a combination of development and operations the macro view is all third-party advisors and then our market research team assesses all of that, put this together for us, and then based on historical error rates in terms of people projecting x% of deliveries in a certain market, we know what they’ve actually done in the past in terms of market deliveries, we may handicap that a little bit. And particularly this cycle has been important where deliveries have been delayed across our footprint due to labour challenges, local municipality and their constraints et cetera. So we’ve a long way to answer, but it’s a pretty thorough process.
Sean Breslin: Yes, it's a pretty simple answer, which is better job growth. Supply is pretty much big, so you know what the supply side looks like, so now it’s a function of demand. So in general, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're expecting job growth to follow-up in most of our regions, but to the extent that reverse itself when we started to see greater job growth across these markets, which would involve increase the labor force participation rates, greater immigration and something else to allow that since we're pretty much of full employment today. That would start the total rent growth a little bit better.
Sean Breslin: Yes, Austin, this is Sean, happy to take that one for you. It's in the supply in Southern Cal, yes, we do expect to increase year-over-year from 1.6% of inventory to about 2.3 to 70 basis points. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, just first on this cycle is exceeded 2%. We don’t think it's going to last one frankly because supply in '19 is projected back down at about 1.2% of inventory. There is a number of things potentially driving that and the pipeline make it more constrain in certain markets like Los Angeles, which has, as you may know, passed the JJJ ordinance, which is imposed new affordable requirements and other things on developers that make the economics quite challenging. But in terms of what’s expected for 2018, the biggest groups is really in LA, we are going from about 9,000 units to 15,000. Orange County is up about 1,500 units to about 7,400, and then Santiago about 2,400 units to about 6,000 in total, which is fairly heavy amount for somewhat smaller markets. In terms of your question about concessions and such, it's in the sub markets where we would have expected it, so at Santiago it's not significant at all, but for the most you see it in Downturn Santiago in terms of the concentration of supply, and therefore more concessions. In Orange County, it tends to run in Irvine, Anaheim and a little bit Huntington Beach where you see concessions, but again we're not talking about significant levels here. And then LA, it's -- where it’s a little bit to play heavy so you see some concessions in Downtown LA, for sure, which is where a heavy amount of supply is being delivered and we'll continue to be delivered in 2018, and then that includes Korea town as well. So, Downtown LA create sound, there is a healthy amount of supply there and then the other concessions that really kind of in the West Hollywood, Hollywood, Mid-Wilshire portion of LA. So we're not material in terms of maybe what we saw when we opened some deals in San Francisco last year, but I'd say in terms of any concession activity that slightly above the norm, those are bit of submarkets that become mind.
Sean Breslin: Yes, I mean, I think where the deliveries are both concentrated we have little exposure, it's the basic answer. So we’re seeing concessions in Pasadena has resulted deliveries in Glendale? Yes. Is it going over to Burbank given the nature assets we have in Burbank which are pretty affordable value oriented communities, no; those are the some of the best performing assets we have in LA right now. They’re doing 6% kind of numbers. So if we had five deals in Downtown LA and Koreatown, I’d be concerned; if we have lot of existing assets in sort of Hollywood, Hollywood that might be a little concern, but we just finished lease-up on West Hollywood job and it worked out just great. It’s a terrific asset, rent cements substantially both pro forma and part two location of the product, the design and trade in the building et cetera. So we feel pretty good about where we are given what’s happening in that market. And the fact that job growth there is expected to be relatively flat year-over-year, it’s down slightly, but compared to some of the other markets, it’s pretty wide spread and we forget about the submarkets in which we operate.
Sean Breslin: We're not -- we do have some deals identified and some that are kind of percolating along, so there is that possibility.
Sean Breslin: Yeah, Conor, it’s Sean, happy to do that. In terms of Q4 of '17, which is for our 2017 same store bucket, rent change was 1.1%, and that kept rise renewals that fourth rate and then move in down about 2%. And then in terms of the outlook for 2018, the way that we think about it give you some census basing growth potential in the portfolio is around 75 basis points right now. And we expect life term rent change to be about 2%, which is down about 20 basis points from the full year number in 2017. So, kind of put those two together flat they can feel off a little bit of pick up in the session is that how you get to the midpoint of our guidance.
Sean Breslin: Yes. In terms of January, to see this, January rents change is running around 1%, which is about 50 bps above or where in December. And then we are trending in terms of January expected growth, total rental revenue growth in the 2.3% to 2.4% range. In terms of renewal offers for February-March, were in the mid 5% range, there is about 50 bps flow last year.
Sean Breslin: And I would add also that just -- if you look at the four deals we just started in this past quarter, those actually averaged the six fix deal underwritten, and again vocationally probably very similar kind of high four type cap rate on that basket.
Sean Breslin: Not necessarily, it was an interesting mix of business. And usually by the time they hit our release as a development, right, we’ve already been working on them from anywhere from two to three months as long as in some cases a year or more so. When you look at how that building broke down, about a third of it is actually Northern California RFP, public private partnership type deal. So those probably are a little bit more flexible in terms of the pricing and that may reflect not kind of hard edge market pricing if you will. About a third of them were Southern California, one of them is entitled. The other we do expect to start this year. So I think land pricing there was still pretty aggressive. And then about a third of them was kind of a lot of our bread and butter suburban Boston, Baltimore, Suburban Baltimore, Suburban Long Island kind of infill stuff. And I'd say pricing there hasn't gotten crazy, so it didn't run up quite as aggressively, but actually one of those deals is a deal that we have looked at several years ago where I think the pricing did drift down a little bit, maybe we're starting to see a little bit of that.
Sean Breslin: I think we're late cycle. The only thing really it gets it going again is later participation rates going up which is starting to happen at the margin, but it's well publicized. We don't necessarily have the right skills and the labor force to fill the jobs that are unfilled today. So I think it's -- to be honest other than maybe marginally stronger job growth is going to be a correction before you start seeing materially higher job growth rates. It does wage growth, doesn’t -- maybe we won't see for productivity growth, but I think it does mean we like to see stronger job growth. And we make that summer household formation too, which we haven't seen the deconsolidation, if you will, that we actually seen the maths of housing consolidation, kind of in the earlier to expect it. So there is still some drop, there is still, when you look at that kind of potentially wage growth, there are some drivers in the economy that could suggest we could grow from $1 million household formation $1 million to $2 million to $5 million with a lot of the economists are projecting in the next couple of years.
Sean Breslin: I think there is some dynamics between per sale and rental, right, I mean, if we’re looking at -- we’re saying household formation for about $1 million a year, we’re seeing production of about $2 million, when you factor in also lessons of 300,000 or 400,000 units, we’re still probably demand maybe outstripping supply to margin that’s mostly evident and what you’re seeing for a single family housing prices today being -- growing at more than a inflation versus on the rental side, we’re growing basically at inflation type level. So, I think, the same the dynamic between for sale rental ownership rates have started to tick up a little bit. Housing is more balanced, and we’re back to kind of one-third, two-thirds mix that we think we’re sort of customer seeing in a normal housing market where about third of that multifamily virtually all of that’s rental by the way and about two-thirds that are single family and virtually all that is for sale.
Sean Breslin: Yes, John, it's Sean. I spoke to slide 22 and what I noted is that’s planned schedule for those deals that are under construction, which is based on the mix of business whether its garden, mid rise, high rise products and the expected duration associated with those jobs when I started construction. So there is no real anticipated delays as it relates to that portfolio pretty much on schedule. And as Matt noted earlier, in terms of the delivery some of that modules that have already started to deliver, that start maybe in the third and fourth quarter of '17. So there is virtually no delay risk there, it would just be new deliveries, which wouldn’t take until Q2 or Q3, so given the mix of business, we feel pretty confident about what that is, and it's not based on delays from '17 to '18, that's just as scheduled. 
Sean Breslin: Yeah, [indiscernible], this is Sean. Just to be clear, I think, we said anything about peak in Q1, but if you look at the cadence of supply quarter-by-quarter through '18 it doesn’t start to decelerate until Q4. Just to give you our breakdown and little more precisely and we probably normally are but Q1 is about 61 basis points, Q2 and Q3 around 65 basis points and it falls off about 55 basis points in Q4, and then further decelerate as you move into 2019. So there are a couple of markets where you see supply fall off more steadily, but those are the numbers across the footprint through the fourth quarters of '18.
Matthew Birenbaum: Hi, Rich, it’s Matt. I guess I can try and answer that one. You’re right, when we start a deal we are always talking about today’s rents, today’s expenses, today’s costs, and then we don’t remark the deal until we got usually about 20% to 25% leased. And in general, on the deals that are in lease up and the deals that have completed, the rents have continued to be per forma at least, not by as much right now as they were early in the cycle, but they still leading by per forma a little bit. On the deals that have not yet started entering the development price pipeline, we are up - we do update those kind of an ongoing basis, we think that whole basket today is probably around the mid 60s, yield wise. But you’re right, in some markets there will be downward pressure and some occasionally -- that’s why we see us remove deals from the pipeline from time-to-time with right to deal off. But as Tim mentioned, the fact that we’re controlling that $4 billion of business with only $68 million gross of land owned and those were all short-term starts where we have a pretty good visibility and so what the ultimate economics are going to be. The other $3.4 billion of that pipeline is controlled through kind of longer-term options where we only got $40 million invested cumulatively in all of that. That does give us the ability if the economics erode to the point that it’s no longer attractive. We would have another conversion with the land seller or we try and redesign the product, if we have that ability to do that or in some cases it may be watching away, so not all that $3.8 billion is going to make.
Matthew Birenbaum: Yes, I mean you would have thought between interest rates going up and frankly every short-term NOI growth prospects coming down, if that might have had an impact on cap rates, but so far we haven’t seen it. It will be interesting to see here. Now certainly deal volume last year in the first half was down, in the second half, it picked up quite a bit and was almost on par with the second half of '16. So and the deals we saw recently probably exceeded our expectations in terms of cap rates. There are certainly a lot of capitals to looking to buy assets, there are sellers, I think it's going to be very active first half for transaction volumes, so we’ll have a lot more data then, but as we sit here today we have not seen that.
Matthew Birenbaum: George, this is Mat. We -- ultimately overtime, we do expect to grow our presence in those markets through acquisitions and development. And as we mentioned, I think, on the last call, we may also wind up providing capital and partnering with other local developers who may have deals that are closer to ready to starting, then organic development, we would be sourcing kind of from day one as a way to kind of bridge that gap. So, and we do think there is opportunity; certainly there is opportunities to buy assets in both of those markets. There is a lot of newly build product which merchant builders have delivered that's available free and clear of debt, where we can fund that through 1031 exchanges. So a very tax efficient way for us to move capital, rotate capital out of some of our legacy markets into those expansion markets, so certainly we are looking to buy this year in those markets. And then we are also looking both for development sites and potentially development partnerships. And I would expect to see we may have some of that business here in the next 12 to 18 months.
Matthew Birenbaum: Jaun it’s Matt. I think it's basically what we expect. We do update our schedules every quarter. And our performance in general has been quite good over long period of time. We did have some challenges last year. There is lot fewer deals that are actually starting lease-up in '18 and in '17 and the risk is usually in getting that firstly about getting those initial sign offs from the fire marshals and others. So I think we're feeling pretty good, it's what we expect and there is a lot. They're just a lot fewer deals, so it seems like, in my mind it's probably lot less margin for error there than it was last year.
Matthew Birenbaum: Hi, this is Matt. We like Baltimore and we are - we have had very little exposure there over the years, in fact, the only same-store stabilized assets we have in the Baltimore Metro or similar assets in Columbia, Maryland. So if you look at it, it was so much surprising us, if you look at the long run rent growth tree, you have four kind of sub-regional markets in Metro, D.C. -- Baltimore is actually number two right behind Washington and ahead of Northern Virginia and suburban Maryland over a long period of time. So we would like more exposure there, we finished the deal on Hunt Valley couple of quarters to go. This is done quite well. We do have the deal that we look to start this year, actually in Downtown Baltimore. So and it’s also among - markets in the Mid Atlantic, it’s the one that’s probably seeing the lease supply. So while demand has been okay, not phenomenal, the demand supply balance is probably been better there and favouring more or so in our than D.C. Maryland or Virginia.
Matthew Birenbaum: We have a particular type work, but I can see growing to 2% to 3% of our total portfolio from less than 1% today overtime, if you look at five years from now.
Matthew Birenbaum: Yeah. I think one of them was they both deals were playing to start in the next quarter or two. I believe one of them was in suburban Massachusetts. And ...
Matthew Birenbaum: And in that case, it would be with the sponsor. It wouldn't be certainly be something that we would acquire within this year. So …
Matthew Birenbaum: Yes, Dennis, it's not a whole lot really to talk about. I mean, it's really a function of the individual assets to make us the same store pool and how they perform quarter-to-quarter, delivery through too much into that. So like to the extent that we see a better job growth given the supply does start to fall off in the fourth quarter of 2018 when you look at it quarter-by-quarter across our footprint, there is some upside but there is nothing rally to read into that.
Matthew Birenbaum: I mean, I think a lot of that is in the near term, most of the starts are into suburban kind of podium and wrap, which is probably high for us, cap rates are kind of mid 60s, it's about a 160 basis points spread.
Matthew Birenbaum: Hi, John, it’s Matt. Not really, I mean, it really is just based on individual asset characteristics. So I mean it’s going to vary each year based on kind of both our geographic goals and, I mean, the one constrain we have is our capacity to take tax gains. And so you may see us starting to find assets that have lesser tax change and sometimes those are assets with lesser holding period just because some of the assets we’ve developed on the long time have been depreciated and have a huge value creation at the beginning, so but there is no specific strategy around that one way or the other.
Matthew Birenbaum: Well, I mean, we were doing both because we have the fund assets, which were all bought, most of what we own in our portfolio is -- as a podium portfolio almost the vast majority of it is assets we developed other than the Archstone asset that was the one big kind of acquisition other than one-offs we’ve done over the years. So it does tend to be on the wholly on side more of the assets being sold, half of the assets we’ve developed.
Matt Birenbaum: Hi, Alex, this is Matt. It’s a good question. Every deal is different, so it will depend a little bit on the allocation of risks and responsibilities, but our goal, we do in that kind of business with ultimately to have an option to buy the partner out of completion, so we would ultimately take the asset in as a wholly owned asset. And the yield on that at that point, it's probably somewhere between a third and a half of the way between an acquisition and development, that’s kind of the way we're thinking about it.
Matt Birenbaum: Yeah, again, depending on how they are coming in and what kind of risks the sponsors taken versus we’re taking that. Yeah, I think that’s, we feel like the way we think about it is, there is kind of three different buckets of risks and developments, there is entitlement pursue risk, there is construction risk and there is lease-up risk. And in these types of deals, we would continue to own the lease-up risk, we would not own the entitlement risk and we wouldn’t really owned very much of the construction risk if any so depending how you want to price each of those risks.
Matt Birenbaum: Yeah. The way that math works is the -- it’s not about the land owned, it’s about the development sites under controls. So we started the quarter at $3.2 billion, we started for $100 million which would have taken us down to $2.8 billion, but then we added $1 billion in development rights, all of which were kind of options, none of which were land that we bought in any of those new development rates. So that’s how you get to $3.8 billion.
