Matt Birenbaum: All right. Great. Thanks Sean. I'll start on Slide 27. Our development activity has been moderating as the cycle matures as you can see on this slide. We've averaged about $1.4 billion per year in new starts in the middle part of the decade, but are expecting about $825 million per year for 2017 to 2019, as good deals are harder to find and capital becomes a bit more costly. This is a good late cycle run rate for development volume for us with starts in the $800 million to $1 billion per year range, keeping our local teams engaged, while preserving our balance sheet strength. As shown on Slide 28, we also continue to maintain a land-light posture at this point in the cycle. Since 2016 we have managed our land position to be at or below $100 million and we will continue to be disciplined about structuring land contracts, so that we minimize the risk of carrying too much land on the balance sheet when the cycle turns. At year-end, the only significant land position included in our $85 million in land held for development is a site in Orange County California where we expect to start construction in the second quarter. In addition to minimizing the drag from land carry, this puts us in a good position to take advantage of any interesting opportunities that might arise, if there is any future disruption in the land market. Turning to slide 29. We have structured our $4.1 billion development rights pipeline to provide a great deal of flexibility. These development rights represent future growth opportunities for the company, over the next several years. Only about half are conventional land purchase contracts with private third-party land sellers, where we would be expected to close on the land once entitlements are obtained. The other half are roughly split between asset densification opportunities, where we are pursuing added density at existing stabilized assets and public-private partnerships, which are generally long-term development efforts that span multiple cycles. These types of projects allow more flexibility to align the start of construction with favorable market conditions. Of the $800 million in new development rights added in the fourth quarter, $500 million came through three new asset densification opportunities located in three different markets. It is also important to note that, we are controlling the entire $4.1 billion future pipeline through a very modest current investment of just $125 million including the land owned and other invested pursuit cost today. And with that, I'll turn it back to Kevin.
Matt Birenbaum: Sure Nick, this is Matt. I can answer that one. It is our plan and the numbers that were provided are based on the presumption that we do move forward with condos there. Really the next step is going to be opening a sales office. And we expect that'll happen probably in April and then we'll see how it goes as sales go as we hope and we will proceed along that path, but probably, won't be -- yes probably won't be until the third or fourth quarter before we actually see any settlement proceeds. But that is the plan right now. We have a thin website up where we're just collecting names of interested parties but we haven't really started active marketing yet. Again we expect by April we will have a full floor and a tower complete with white-glove ready models to show and a full sales office. So, that's really when we’ll launch.
Matt Birenbaum: Yes. So there's really no further update since the last quarter. We are those two spaces are spoken for and we're pleased with that. And the retailers in general get pretty focused on sales over the holidays. So not anything more to report since then.
Matt Birenbaum: It will start I believe in the second quarter, late in the second quarter when we turn the first spaces over to those first couple of tenants for their build out.
Matt Birenbaum: Yes. Rich, it's Matt. It's basically driven by one project, large project the one I mentioned that the one land position we own in Orange County in Brea. We thought that was actually going to start last year. And if you look back to our guidance for last year starts volume was higher. That project is now likely to start in the second quarter. So it's just basically move that one project and it changes the volume from one year to the next.
Matt Birenbaum: No. Nick, I think – this is Matt. I think that's just the number that we have in our budget for settlement proceeds this year. It's cash in the door basically. Okay.
Matt Birenbaum: Yes. That was last quarter, that was really think about what we think the building is worth as a condo building versus a rental building, not necessarily relative to our basis, although, we do think it's worth more than our basis. But we're saying that based on where we thought the condo values would settle out, if you looked at what the total sell-out would be of that relative to what it would be worth as an apartment building if you leased it up and if you put a cap rate on it, I think that that difference is about $150 million. That is a before-tax number.
Matt Birenbaum: Rich, it's Matt. I'll try and take a shot at that one. It is somewhat bottom-up as Tim was mentioning. So it really starts with where we're seeing the best risk-adjusted opportunities? Where are the economics of development still favorable? Typically that's going to be a wood frame product at this point in the cycle. I don't think we have any -- all of our starts planned for this year are high density wood frame product and everything we started last year, except one, fit that description as well. Typically they're in kind of infill suburban locations, where demand is strong and there are more supply constraints than the urban submarkets. So it takes a little longer to get through the process and that tends to meet or out supply in a more measured way which is one reason those submarkets aren't necessarily seeing the same pressure on rents, although urban markets actually have seen rents rebound here recently a little bit. But generally speaking rents have held up a little better over the last couple of years. So, we are seeing some of the suburban Northeast deals still pencil out. This past quarter we added a development right in Long Island. It's probably a 2 year to 3 year entitlement process. Those types of deals tend to be pretty resistant to the cycles. So still be favorable. And then we're seeing opportunities in our own portfolio, locations where we already are and again as I mentioned we have six densification development rights now which is $1 billion in locations that we love, where we have the opportunity to do more over time. It's going to take a while to get at those. They're complicated from entitlement point of view, but we have one in Redmond. We have one in Mountain View. We have one in Suburban Boston. So those are great things, where the economics are likely to work through most market cycles. And then we are also trying to find opportunities in the expansion markets and we started a deal in Florida last year in Doral. We have our first ground-up development right in the Denver market, which is in RiNo, which is kind of a very hot neighborhood outside of downtown there, but it's a wood-frame product that we hope to start this year. So those are kind of the places where it's still making it through the screen.
Matt Birenbaum: Sure, John this is Matt. It's a good question, and certainly one we've been watching. It does feel like construction costs growth in some markets has moderated somewhat. And again this speaks to the mix of business. As Tim was mentioning before, we signed a very few new development rights in Northern Cal and Seattle over the last three, four years and we have very key starts in those two regions. In fact, we don't have any Northern Cal last year or this year. And that's really a function of the reality, if that's the market -- if those of the markets that have seen the most aggressive hard costs growth relative to their rent growth. So it does affect the regional mix. And again, I mentioned some of these northeastern markets, a lot more stable and the gap between construction cost growth and rent growth is not nearly as wide, but it does put downward pressure on margins and that's one reason the volume is down.
Matt Birenbaum: Yes this is Matt again. It really is kind of a mix from one year to another. So I wouldn't kind of infer anything from kind of the basket that happens to be one year versus another. The one thing that we do tend to see as it gets later in the cycle, there's probably more pressure on us to sell assets with a little bit lower tax gains because we just had kind of a long cycle of realizing gains and that essentially puts pressure on our dividend coverage. So again, there's plenty of other assets we could sell that would have higher returns, but they might generate enough tax gains that it would require a special dividend. So that's definitely more of a consideration later in the cycle. And then also to some extent we start looking for assets which may be are little bit more difficult in terms of the execution and calling some of the ones that maybe weren't our greatest successes, where it's easier to do that in a very strong sales market like what we've seen recently.
Matt Birenbaum: Yeah. Hi, Alex its Matt. It's definitely a dynamic process. So we can change pricing weekly. You have to file your offering plan with the Attorney General with your initial pricing. And once you've done that, obviously you have the flexibility to meet the market, however you choose to do so and that's just like we change our rents every day. We'll be watching that very closely once we launch for-sale. Yeah, the market is definitely as we talked about last quarter, it's softer than it was, call it 18 months ago. And the slowdown had more been at the higher price points. There might be some softness now a little bit more in the moderate price points. So I think most market experts would tell you, if the product had been available to sell and settle in 2017, it would probably sell for higher price than where we sell today, but the price – we believe it will sell today is still very attractive relative to the values of the rental building. But again, we'll know a lot more in probably four, five months once we actually get some sales activity underway.
Matt Birenbaum: If you look at Attachment 9, the development attachment, I don't remember the last time, only three of those deals are basically in lease-up right now, and fourth, just starting out of 21 deals. It's just an odd schedule.
Matt Birenbaum: Yes, hi Hardik, it's Matt. Definitely we're doing that. If you look at what we've been buying in Denver and in Florida and even the one deal we bought last year near BWI Airport, they all fit that description. They were brand-new assets built by merchant builders where the premium to replacement cost was pretty modest. I don't necessarily view it as an either or, I think it's kind of an and. But those are deals where certainly on the development deals we're doing in those markets, we're looking for a bigger margin, obviously, because there's more risk involved, but we think that's a great way to add to our portfolio and certainly we're doing more of that than we are development in those markets where we're doing some of each.
Matt Birenbaum: Sure. That was actually a public-private partnership. We broke out the Denver assets that way. Of course for the first time that would have been in the public-private partnership bucket.
Matt Birenbaum: We've been showing it that way for the last couple of years. So, it was with the MTA literally at the train station in Harrison. It was a long process. I think we've been working on that deal for at least five years. And there's significant amount of retail there as well as residential, very infill, very high barrier to entry location in Westchester County. Honestly, we had hoped that there might be more of those at those train stations, but it's just a very, very difficult process between the state and the local jurisdictions. So, I'm not sure how many more of those we're going to see.
Matt Birenbaum: Yes, Tayo, it's Matt. Exactly. We'll see. We don't specifically include any number for acquisitions in our guidance just because it's so unpredictable. To the extent, we find deals we like then we will fund that likely with incremental dispositions, which is what we've been doing the last couple of years and sometimes we do that through tax-free exchanges. So neither acquisitions or dispositions are reflecting the capital plan per se, but our primary focus is going to continue to be Denver and Southeast Florida.
Kevin O'Shea: Thanks Matt. Turning to Slide 30. As we've discussed before, another way in which we mitigate risk from development is by substantially match-funding development underway with long-term capital. This allows us to lock in development profit and reduce development exposure to future changes in capital costs. As you can see on the slide, we were approximately 75% match-funded against development underway at the end of the fourth quarter of 2018. On Slide 31, we show several of our key credit metrics and compare these to the sector average for unsecured multi-family REIT borrowers. As you can see, our credit metrics remain strong in both absolute and relative terms reflecting our superior financial flexibility. Specifically, at year-end, net debt-to-core EBITDA was low at 4.6 times, unencumbered NOI was high at 91% and the weighted average years to maturity on our total debt outstanding remained high at 9.7 years. Additionally, as a result of our relative balance sheet strength, we enjoy relatively lower cost of debt funding, which is all the more notable because we issue longer-term debt. Finally on slide 32, over time we have fashioned a debt maturity schedule that enhances our financial flexibility by reducing the capital needed to refinance existing debt over the next decade. In particular, with over 20% of our debt maturing after 2028, average debt maturities over the next decade represent about $550 million per year on average, which is only about 1.5% of our total enterprise value. And with that, I'll turn it back to Tim for concluding remarks.
Kevin O'Shea: Sure, Rich, this is Kevin. There's -- on slide 15, you maybe see a little bit of breakdown on external growth. So, as you pointed out on our earnings release page 23, we have on the top right some summary information with respect to our sources and uses for the year. Essentially, there's about $1 billion of external capital, we expect to source a portion of that. Broadly speaking, there's two pieces of it right now, disposition equity if you will which includes a modest amount from condo sales and the balance from wholly-owned dispositions primarily; and then unsecured debt. So, that's the capital plan. It's just really capital from those two sources, selling assets if you will and selling debt. What we'll ultimately do of course will depend on how the capital markets and the real estate markets and our business needs evolve over the year. But the current capital plan is to blended mix of debt and equity with the equity coming from asset sales and a little bit of condo sale activity.
Kevin O'Shea: Sure. Well as you know we resourced $1.7 billion of external capital last year. A little less than $50 million or 3% was from the common equity market. So it's been a pretty modest source of capital for us lately. In fact, over the last three years, we've only sourced $150 million of equity out of $6 billion of external capital. So 97% of the activity has been from asset sales and unsecured debt. We're at the part of the cycle where that's a reasonable expectation is that we would be primarily looking at the unsecured debt market and the transaction market for equity. In terms of the ATM usage last year, it was a modest amount. And essentially what we look at is among other factors kind of the liquidation cost of selling assets and what that involves from a liquidation NAV if you will relative to the alternative selling common equity. And we of course try to be thoughtful and judicious in raising common equity, given the sensitivity that some investors have for that topic. But ultimately, we're making choice on what we think is mathematically the superior choice from capital allocation point of view taking into account the alternative selling assets not merely from a growing concern NAV point of view, but take into account the liquidation cost which from time to time can include property routine costs and tax abatement costs. And going forward, we'll wait and see what the capital markets provide in terms of alternatives and what the real estate markets provide in terms of transaction pricing and what our business uses need. But as I noted before, our capital plan currently contemplates looking to the unsecured debt markets and the transaction markets from a planning point of view.
Kevin O'Shea: Nick, this is Kevin. I mean, I think it's all premature. At this point, we've yet to even commence marketing. So we'll see over time what happens in terms of the sales we closed not only this year, but in succeeding years when most of the sale activity would occur. If you take Matt's comment about $150 million pre-tax value associated with the residential or condo portion, you just have to apply kind of a tax rate to that which for rough numbers assumed a third is taxes. And then the balance call it $100 million is what we would hope to achieve on a pro forma basis in terms of net profit after taxes to our shareholders when all is said and done when we finally sell everything out. But we're early days in this and we'll see what happens when we go down the path and market this and see if this is a path we ultimately want to pursue and then so what comes from that effort.
Kevin O'Shea: So just to walk through the pieces for the sake of clarity, if you look at Page 23 Attachment 14, we lay out sort of the bottom right of the core FFO adjustments related to Columbus Circle or 15 West 61st Street. So as Matt noted, we only have modest amount of sale activity in our forecast for this year $70 million to $80 million that would generate an anticipated amount of gains of $8 million that would be included within NAREIT FFO, but then excluded when going to core FFO. So you see that negative $8 million shown on Attachment 14. There are also two other line items that are worth talking about here. The first is expense costs incurred related to condominium homes. Those represent basically marketing costs and operating costs associated with selling condominium inventory. We'll incur those. They'll be part of EPS and NAREIT FFO, but -- and they will burden those items, but then we will add them back and carve that out of core FFO that's $6 million. And then there is the final line, which is the estimated carrying cost of unsold inventory. Essentially, when we complete this project you'll have call it roughly $400 plus million of condominium inventory that we will have put on to our balance sheet at a cost. We continue to carry those costs and so we will be carving those costs out of core FFO and adding it back. So essentially what we're trying to do with these adjustments is recognize that this is a different business line. It's not a traditional REIT activity and trying to present our core FFO in a manner that shows our operating performance year-over-year on kind of traditional REIT multifamily rental activities and looking at this Columbus Circle activity as a discrete business and carving those costs and gains out and treating them differently from a core FFO point of view.
Kevin O'Shea: No it's just the opposite, adding it back. So look at those items as being sort of a NAREIT FFO to core FFO reconciliation with NAREIT FFO at the top. So adding back to NAREIT FFO $6 million of expense marketing costs, reducing $8 million of gains and then adding $8 million in imputed carrying cost for unsold inventory for net addition to core FFO of $6 million or $0.04. So the net positive impact going from NAREIT FFO to core FFO when taking into account those are three line items is $0.04.
Kevin O'Shea: Austin, this is Kevin. We've never commented on that before. We actually typically don't comment on capital markets. So by even showing the 50-50 blend of asset sales and unsecured debt, we're doing something we've never done in our 25-year history. Essentially to bite into our budget process, but we’re essentially assuming that we're going to achieve kind of market rate execution on transaction activity and unsecured debt issuance over the course of 2019.
Kevin O'Shea: Yes. Drew, this is Kevin. I'll make a couple of comments and I'll let Tim maybe want to add on top of that. So essentially to extent we generate gains on selling condominiums that will boost NAREIT FFO and of course as it would we would be true for other real estate gains. We will exclude those gains when computing for FFO. From an underlying cash point of view, certainly all else equal, we would prefer to sell through the condos quickly and receive the capital back so that we can reinvest it, and generate a return on that. And then that return, of course, will flow through naturally as any source of capital would in our earnings. In the meantime, while we have our inventory outstanding in terms of capital, we created these condominiums. We're marketing them. We're bearing cost for having created those condominiums, but we've not yet sold them. Potentially that creates an inventory cost if you will and we are adjusting for that as you can see on Attachment 14, where we have $8 million imputed carrying costs on the capital associated with the unsold inventory condominiums that were calculating at corporate unsecured borrowing rate, which is about 3.7% today. So essentially that's in add-back to core FFO from NAREIT FFO during the pendency of the cell process while the inventories and our balance sheet and not otherwise earning a return. I don't know Tim if you want to add.
Kevin O'Shea: No. So Tayo this is Kevin. So essentially, conceptually, we sell assets for one of two reasons. One is to fund development. The other is as Matt -- related to kind of paired trade basis to help fund acquisition activity. We don't have any acquisitions in our budget for the year and so correspondingly we don't have any related disposition activity paired with acquisitions in our capital plan. However, the external capital of $1 billion which represents roughly a 50-50 blend of disposition equity from selling wholly-owned assets to fund development and unsecured debt is what you see there. So we do have disposition activity related to funding development.
Kevin O'Shea: There are fees, primarily it's property management fee. There are some other minor fees around kind of deploying renovation capital. But I mean, the way to think about it is there's a kind of a margin rate property management fee that will be added in.
Kevin O'Shea: So essentially we sold 80% of $760 million or $610 million which will generate a certain amount of revenue and against which we'll generate property management fee of call it 3%. So that's one way to think about the incremental fees associated with the New York City joint venture. It's a moderate amount of fees, but it's not akin to the asset management platform that we had -- where we had a full suite of fees that were property management, asset management and so forth. But it does provide good economics for the activity we expect to do for this venture.
Tim Naughton: Well, thanks Kevin. So, in summary 2018 was better than expected for AvalonBay. We delivered core FFO of $9 per share, which was $0.07 above our initial outlook. We saw rent growth accelerate meaningfully in the second half of the year. We reduced our portfolio allocation to the Northeast and began to make strides in our expansion markets of Denver and Southeast Florida. And we reduced leverage through cyclical low of 4.6 times extended duration and increased unencumbered NOI to more than 90% as Kevin just mentioned. In 2019, we expect the economy and apartment markets to remain healthy. For us same-store revenue growth is expected to be 3%, up 50 basis points from the prior year. Growth from external investment and capital formation will be lower than past years, due to a variety of factors mentioned earlier. And we'll continue to manage liquidity, the balance sheet, and our development pipeline to pursue growth, but in a risk-measured way as we move further into the current economic expansion. And with that, April we'd be happy to open up the line for questions.
Tim Naughton: Yes, and Rich, just to add to that. This is Tim. I think we talked in the past that we felt comfortable being in the $800 million to $1 billion range. So that's a level which we think we can start and basically do it on a leverage-neutral basis, based upon what the balance sheet capacity is, when you look at combination of free cash flow, additional debt capacity and amount of asset sales that we're likely to do in any given year before sort of having a trigger any tax-related distribution requirements. So it's kind of -- when you look at it over a couple of years, it's kind of consistent with that that $800 million to $900 million range.
Tim Naughton: Well Jeff yes, thanks for the question. I mean some of its strategy and some of its opportunity, right? In terms of adding land to our balance sheet or significantly increase in level of development rights beyond what -- beyond maybe some of the densification opportunities that Matt mentioned. The opportunity set just isn't that compelling to really ratchet that up relative to maybe early in the cycle. I'd say, the way we're managing, it really is really kind of how we’re thinking about risks. We still think it's profitable as long as you match-fund it which we're trying to do. Even the deals that we're starting this year, we think they're sort of comfortably clear cap rates by 150 basis points plus. And as long as we're match-funding, we're basically bringing that capital onto the balance sheet and then it just becomes a matter of execution. As long as it's match-funded, it shouldn't look that much different than your stabilized portfolio other than the execution risk behind it which is something obviously is a competency of the company. And then lastly, it's just making sure that we maintain as much optionality as we can not much land, try to really manage pursuit cost carefully. If we get caught in the downdraft, we'll have some options. And in the last cycle where you had pretty severe correction, we -- we’re in many cases, we’re able to salvage those development opportunities in part because we didn't own the land and we're able to go back and at some cases renegotiate the basis. But it's really just about maintaining flexibility around the development pipeline. But I think just given where we are from a capital markets standpoint, we're not -- over the next two or three years, it's not our intent to rely on the equity markets to develop. There may be opportunities from time to time to tap the equity markets and ATM, but late cycle typically the -- I don't think it's a good strategy to rely in the equity markets to being open and available, priced at a level where it's going to be -- where you're going to be able to accrete a lot of value to the development platform.
Tim Naughton: Hey, Jeff just one thing to add as you probably hear from Sean's comments a lot of it continues to be concentrated in the urban submarkets as it was probably the last year we're expecting urban to basically outpace suburban supply by about two times. In our markets that two, three basically breaks down to about one-seven in the suburban markets and about 3.2% in the urban submarkets. So it's almost about twice as much. Next year, we expect that different scenario quite a bit. So – 
Tim Naughton: And kind of vary a lot based on when the settlements actually happen on how sales actually go. We just had to put something in kind of unexpected case for starters for budgeting purposes. If it winds up being more or less then, we may raise more or less capital from other sources as Kevin mentioned.
Tim Naughton: And Nick our guidance difference was $0.05 between core FFO and NAREIT FFO. So basically this is $0.04 of that $0.05.
Tim Naughton: Yes, Rich. I think, sort of, probably the three areas where we haven't been as active, because of just cycle dynamics has been the Bay Area. We just haven't used land and construction costs, generally doesn't make new development feasible from our standpoint. Densification is a different kind of opportunity. So within our portfolio we've been able to do that. Seattle, I think, is where we haven't been that active in the land markets the last three years. And then most urban submarkets, again, due to concrete, generally doesn't pencil later in the cycles. So those are -- we try to blend sort of where we want to be, where we want to be from a portfolio allocation standpoint, use development to help us get there, but to recognize there are times in the cycle where something just doesn't pencil, which doesn’t make -- this is not as good a use of capital as other places.
Tim Naughton: Our outlook. I mean, our outlook for this year probably is somewhere in the middle of where kind of our peers are, just glancing at it real quickly. So we're in 20%, 25% of the U.S. which a lot of our peers are in the same markets. So the notion that we might perform similar in terms of same-store basis, I think, is a reasonable expectation. I would say on the development, I wouldn’t say it's a nice to have, but we think it makes sense to have. So at this point in the cycle albeit a lesser amount and being judicious about where you're deploying that capital. We think we -- this year is a really, is an anomaly, just for what's happening both on the delivery side and the capital that was raised in 2018. But we still think it's accretive both on a go-forward basis, accretive to both NAV and FFO, in particular as you consider sort of reinvesting free cash flow which doesn't have at least an initial financial cost to it, accounting cost to it. So we think we can still grow accretively both from an earnings standpoint by continuing with our development pipeline and the opportunity set that we see.
Tim Naughton: Yeah. I mean, obviously, as we sell the amount of unsold inventory goes down so carrying cost adjustment would go down with it.
Tim Naughton: Secondly, Drew, I would just think of this as just more disposition capital. And so just means we're going to sell less assets than we otherwise would. So in terms of how quickly you get to deploy and yeah we get deployed presumably as quickly as any other asset that we sell. So I don't know that you need to really think differently in terms of how you model it's just a source of capital and cash as Kevin mentioned.
Tim Naughton: Well, I don't have a view necessarily on quarterly report. We continue to issue quarterly reports. It's just -- it really comes down to how we kind of manage the business. When we talk amongst ourselves and to our board, we're not talking about managing the business to what's happening in the quarter and try to minimize variances relative to our budget or explain variances relative to our budget on a quarter-over-quarter basis. When it comes to revenue, we're looking at that, daily and weekly. I mean -- but when it comes to sort of the overall earnings, there's just a lot of noise from quarter-to-quarter. And just -- we don't think it really serves a great purpose ultimately for our investors to be trying to -- always trying to sync up and explain and reconcile, what we think is often times is noise. So that's -- as much anything that’s driving it.
Tim Naughton: Yeah, Alex, just I don't know if you had a split or remember – a little over 80% of the units are actually scheduled to be less than $5 million where as Matt mentioned, its kind of the higher end and it's feeling more of the softness. So one of the things that we like about potential condo execution here is we think it's a unique offering particularly in that submarket where units tend to be larger and much more expensive in terms of total price. So we think we're going to be competing against – other neighborhoods that maybe offering a little bit larger unit, but not near the location and lifestyle amenities that this site has. So it's – ultimately, the market will determine whether that strategy is a successful one, but we do think it's positioned relatively uniquely to everything else that's out there. Plus, it's going to be available versus buying off a plan so.
Tim Naughton: Maybe, I'll take – I mean, I think I did mention earlier this is an unusual year. This is unique year and I mentioned that to an earlier question that we do expect it to add to our earnings growth and NAV growth that we do see it as accretive. And there is just some unusual things about the cadence of deliveries this year. It's only generating the midpoint development NOIs is $27 million, which was half of what was generated, the prior year. A lot of that has to do with the combination of Columbus Circle, but mainly the cadence of deliveries this year, which is largely back-half weighted. So a lot of that capital is already raised and was raised in Q4. It was raised in the form of disposition. It was raised at – 
Tim Naughton: As I mentioned, it sort of – at a 5%. So I think there is some unique things happening. And then, if you look at what "unfunded or not match-funded", it's pretty small relative to our remaining liquidity where we have zero out on $1.5 billion line. So we think from a risk standpoint, it's pretty -- it's already pretty measured.
Tim Naughton: Yes, I think it's a hard one to answer. Not every cycle is the same. This cycle was particularly attractive from a development economic standpoint. Some cycles may not yield quite the development opportunity as others and therefore, you might be inclined to allocate more capital to acquisitions on a risk-adjusted basis. So, if the returns right there on a risk-adjusted basis then we're not going to allocate capital towards that activity. We'll allocate it somewhere else or not deploy it, raise it in the first place.
Tim Naughton: Yes, Tayo, this is Tim. I mean, certainly, when we look at sort of job growth projections, we rely a lot on third parties. And certainly to some extent they're incorporating a little bit of Amazon, the Amazon effect. I think -- honestly, I think potentially, the opportunity may be more in Virginia than the -- may be more in Virginia than D.C. properties, may be some of the knock-on effects of just Amazon coming in, like a lot of other technologies companies already doing, whether it's Apple or Google, Facebook are looking well beyond Seattle and Silicon Valley for talent and establishing beachheads and other markets where there's a depth of technology talent. So I think the HQ decision just sort of validated when you look -- where the finals where ultimately they chose, where they thought there was depth of talent. And ultimately, it'll be more of a magnet I think for potentially other technology companies. So we'll see. I think nationals are huge winner in this as well by the way, its only 5,000 jobs, but I think it might have as big of an impact maybe kind of that market just given the size of the market.
Tim Naughton: Thanks April, and thanks everyone for being on today. And we look forward to seeing many of you in the coming months over the course of the spring. Thank you.
Sean Breslin: Yes Jeff. I'm happy to take that one. In terms of the various regions and given kind of the high-level overview and then talk about the distribution in specific markets if you're interested. But in New England which is pretty much Boston, we are expecting supply to tick down about 40 basis points. It was 2.9% of stock in 2018. We're expecting it to be closer to about 2.5%, which is roughly a reduction of about 1,100 units. In New York, New Jersey specifically you mentioned that region overall is expected to be relatively flat at about 1.9% of stock. New York City itself, we also expect to be relatively flat on a year-over-year basis in terms of deliveries being around of those. As it relates to the comment you made about reductions in specific parts of New York City, just so you know how we look at it. We look at it in terms of the aggregate amount of supply, delivered across New York City as opposed to potentially others may look at it relative to what they think may impact them. We try to look at it more on an aggregate fashion. So sometimes that leads to differences in the way people talk about supply. So that's specific to New York just so you know as well. In mid-Atlantic, I mentioned in my prepared remarks that we're expecting an increase in the mid-Atlantic that's all pretty much concentrated in the district, where all that supply's coming online. We're pretty flat in suburban Maryland and Northern Virginia. Seattle Pacific, Northwest so 4% year-over-year both 2018 and 2019 pretty much concentrated in the urban infill markets in and around downtown Seattle, whether it's Forest Hill, downtown Seattle or even South Lake Union as an example. That's where the heavy amounts of supply are located in Seattle. There's not as much in places like downtown Bellevue, Redmond in the north end of Seattle, which has been helpful to us. And then in Northern California, we are expecting it to tick-up the most in Northern California from 1.6% of stock to 2.7% of stock in 2019 that's all coming as I mentioned in both San Jose and in East Bay. It's relatively flat in San Francisco in terms of deliveries. So it should be pretty much at par there. And then Southern California, ticking up about 30 basis points from 1.4% of stock to 1.7%, which is about 4,200 units. All of that is in the L.A. market, primarily downtown L.A. kind of Mid-Wilshire, Hollywood those submarkets, primarily a little bit in Warner Center, Woodland Hills as compared to Orange County and San Diego we're expecting supply to come down in actually both of those markets. So that's sort of a high-level overview and if you want to talk about specific submarkets happy to chat with you about that off line as well.
Sean Breslin: Sure. Happy to do so. Yes, Austin. I mean, development -- excuse me, redevelopments been pretty active for us. We invested almost $200 million in the past year across about 7,300 homes. A chunk of that related to the rebuild at Avalon headquarters about $70 million, but still around 7,000 units that redeveloped last year. And in terms of planning forward going forward, I'd probably think about we're going to spend somewhere in the range of $150 million to $200 million a year over the next couple of years on redevelopment activity. And then beyond that it will breaks out a little bit, but the returns have been compelling and the opportunity set has been something that we're comfortable with. So that's kind of where we are.
Sean Breslin: Yes. Edgewater is certainly that was sort of a one-time thing. The rest of it is a combination of either full scale redevelopments where we're doing not only the apartment homes, we're doing the common areas. It includes some projects that are just purely large CapEx projects, that really just not generating any kind of incremental return. It's just CapEx. And then there are other projects which we call apartment only, which are just touching the apartment homes. And so when you look at the redevelopment activity and the apartment-only activity, typically we're seeing returns that are sort of in the 10% on capital type range based on the enhancements that are being invested in the building. And again, as I said, the CapEx side of it is probably something you just underwrite basically zero, but in terms of apartment-only [indiscernible], they generate nice returns.
