Bryce Blair: Welcome -- thank you, Tim, I appreciate those nice comments and certainly, while I am pleased with the strong numbers Tim mentioned, I think what I'm most pleased with is having hopefully played a key leadership role in positioning AvalonBay so well for the future. I think whether it's our portfolio, our investment pipeline, our balance sheet, R&D and just the strength of the organization, they're all in great shape. And a CEO transition can, at some companies, be disruptive, particularly when it's associated with some weakness in the industry or issues within the company, or sometimes if it involves bringing in someone from the outside. Hopefully, it's obvious that none of these are the case at AvalonBay. Our fundamentals, industry fundamentals are very strong. AvalonBay's competitive position and financial strength are excellent, and we certainly have an experienced and talented leader in Tim. So I will be stepping down as CEO, and I'll be doing so with great pride for what's been accomplished and certainly with great confidence in Tim and the whole AvalonBay organization's ability to continue its strong performance in the years to come. So I appreciate having the opportunity to pass on a couple of those comments and words before we open it up to Q&A, which we're ready for now, operator.
Bryce Blair: Jeff, no, not really. This has been our practice for some time now. We are always prepared as I think Tim just did a nice job of commenting qualitatively on how we see the year shaping up. We are in the middle of our budget process and as we have done in past years, we'll be giving guidance at basically the end of January, early February.
Bryce Blair: Just one thing on that and, Jeff, it's interesting Tim mentioned how little job growth we're seeing in our markets in 2011. When we begin -- when we gave our guidance in February of 2011, the projected job growth in our markets and the nation as a whole was about 2.5%. In midyear, when we updated our guidance, it was just under 2% and we're finishing the year at basically negligible, 0.25%. And if anyone would have told us at the beginning of '11 that we would have generated 5%-plus revenue growth on job or we had told you all we're going to generate 5% plus revenue growth on a 0.25% job growth, I think we would have a lot of skeptics. But it's what we've been saying for some time now and others as well that there's a lot of factors driving the apartment fundamentals, and principally they're all contributing to dramatic growth in renter households, as I mentioned in my comments running at a rate more than 3x historical averages. That is not being driven by jobs. That's being driven a little bit by jobs but by population growth in those key rental segments and a decrease in the homeownership rates. We think some of those trends are long-lived and to the extent we get any lift in the job side, it's certainly going to be -- have a positive effect on overall performance and demand in '12.
Bryce Blair: So you mean the equity. We believe that the development activity that we raise that capital to fund is accretive, that we are currently the portfolio that we have under construction has about a 7% yield on it and we will be funding that portfolio and new things that we start. We think it also could be accretive short term in terms of the FFO yield that capital was raised at compared to what we could raise debt at or even fund an acquisition or new development, so I think it's fair to say that by raising that cash now, we do have some drag on earnings, but going forward there's a potential for that to be a propellant for earnings growth and value creation next year.
Bryce Blair: Rich, I may be able to jump on that. Tom, you may have some thoughts as well. We currently -- just to put in perspective, we've got about $250 million of land, of which about $180 million is held for development. That amount includes associated pursuit cost, and about $70 million that's held for investments. Those are the deals that we've been looking to sell or whether there's potentially exposure on impairments to the extent we get the market information or market feedback, suggesting an impairment is in order. This past quarter as you know, we've mentioned we had 3 impairments, the 2 of them amounted to most of it and those were the deal in Chicago and the deal in DC area. Both with which we had decided to really, yes, sort of push under the whole for investment category, which means we're going to look to sell at the appropriate time and those deals were both out for marketing. We were getting feedback in terms of market value. One of those deals actually is under contract at this point. So the inventory that -- where there is potential exposure is limited to $70 million at this point and there's been some impairments already on that pipeline. But for the deals that we've sold to date for the most part we've been -- I think, there's 33 of it. The couple that we sold, the 2 or 3 that we sold, we actually had negative $13 million of gain this past quarter so we've been coming at or above relative to our valuation we've actually gone to market.
Bryce Blair: No, I think, they're probably representative of the markets we're in, and the one case basically, the sales price recovered all the impairment and a little bit more. In other case, it was still sold at probably 30% or 40% of our total cash basis in the deal. And that was just a weaker submarket and location. So I think it's probably a function when we bought it, too, last cycle whether it was a '07 deal or '05 deal, so I think all these things play into that.
Bryce Blair: Well, certainly, it still remains a busy time of the year for everyone, whether I'm planning to leave at year end or not. So there's a lot of work in terms of the budgeting, board meeting next week actually. So we've got a fairly busy quarter as we always do and hopefully, it's clear I'm not vaporizing as of January 1. I'll still remain in a half time capacity next year. So while this is my last call, it's certainly not the end of my involvement with AvalonBay.
Bryce Blair: Sure, Michael. When I was talking about land price back to peak, it generally had to do with the deals that were entitled ready to go and some of the stronger markets, some of the deals that we're looking at, again, that require a lot pursuit cost dollars and entitlement work, we're not necessarily seeing that yet. But in terms of construction costs, not seeing much movement. Commodities kind of bumps up and down but labor costs continue to stay pretty much cyclically low levels. So we're still depending upon the market, the product type, maybe 15% and 25% off of peak levels. In terms of soft cost, they're not as big of a driver. I don't know if we've seen much movement on the permit side. I think there's probably few jurisdictions that we've been trying to figure how to get more money out of the development that is moving forward, but it hasn't been a big driver in terms of the economics of the deals that we've seen. And then as you get into A&E, the architectural engineering costs, we haven't seen much movement there either.
Bryce Blair: Okay. Just a couple of closing comments. While this is my last earnings call, it's not the last time I'll see many of you and that we do have a NAREIT investor conference coming up in Dallas in a few weeks, so I look forward to seeing many of you there. For those who I may not see, just sort of a shoutout to the analyst community. Over the many years in the business, I've gotten to know many of you very well and gotten a greater appreciation for the hard job that you guys do and you do it well. And to the investment community, similarly, we've spent a lot of time together over the years and got to know many of you well and really appreciate the support and at times, advice that you've given me and the management team and the confidence you've shown in AvalonBay. And I know that Tim and the team will continue to earn that trust. So look forward to seeing many of you in Dallas. That's it, operator.
Leo S. Horey: Jay, this is Leo. Clearly, we feel that Boston and Northern California, as you have pointed out, are doing very, very well. We're also very encouraged with the direction that Southern California is heading, and we talked about that a little on the last call, and we continue to see those trends being very favorable. The one market that we're clearly keeping a very close eye on is Washington DC. Tim talked about that in his opening remarks, and the real issue in Washington DC is just the amount of supply that's coming. When you look across all of our markets, the only market in 2012 where supply appears to be a concern is in DC and without job growth, it's going to be a challenge to get all those apartments absorbed and sustain the rent growth that we've experienced to date. Otherwise, New York metro area has been doing well for us, clearly not as strong as Northern California or Boston. And then the only other market that I'd point out, and I believe that this is a temporary issue, is Seattle. And in the situation in Seattle, I think there's a couple of things going on there. Number one, we pushed very aggressively on rents, and we may have held on too long that caused some decline in our occupancy and that decline in our occupancy is also meaning a very cyclical or seasonal time of the year for us. And then the only other little issue in Seattle is we've seen some disproportionate move outs from corporate apartments and as disproportionate move outs from corporate are people whose contracts have ended where the employers are hiring people who are already located in the market. So I think that gives you some perspective of where our strength is right now, as well as areas that we're keeping a close eye on.
Leo S. Horey: This is Leo. With respect to San Diego, actually, we didn't see a lot of military activity at all in the most recent quarter. So in general, we just -- we're focused on getting the portfolio stabilized and moving the occupancy up so that we're in a good position as we head into 2012. The challenge in San Diego is based on the nature of our portfolio. And just to remind you, we have a fairly small portfolio there in the same-store sell bucket. It's really dominated by one community, which is Avalon at Mission Bay. That is a place where we do see higher turnover that would be the market with our highest turnover this past quarter.
Leo S. Horey: This is Leo. Renewals for the third quarter went out in the 5% to 5.5% range, and traffic has been up around 8% in the Q4 period. I mean Q3, any Q3 was up around 8%, and renewals for Q4 are going out in the 5% to 5.5% range.
Leo S. Horey: Traffic is absolutely held up. We haven't seen anything that's concerning. The reality is all the markets are up save the mid-Atlantic, which was down around 5%.
Leo S. Horey: Alex, this is Leo. Essentially, as I told you, we put out in the fourth quarter 5% to 5.5%. It's not so much the renegotiation, which is I think what you're alluding to, it is that the range of renewal increases are broad. There are some that are much higher. There are some that are much lower. And sometimes much higher ones are not accepted so the erosion that we've seen typically in that rate that I've given you runs 30 to 60 basis points.
Leo S. Horey: Yes, that's the way it would occur. The new move-in rents are generally are more volatile. When things are strong, they move up very quickly and then when we're trying to build occupancy, they can move down more quickly. And to give you perspective, we finished September about 95.6% occupied. An early indication for October is we will get to around 96%. If that holds up, then we'll be more aggressive very quickly on the new move-in rents.
Leo S. Horey: That's a great question. Turnover was up from -- it was up about 4.5% to just over 67% for the third quarter. That really can be attributable to 3 areas. Number one, we have about 3% more expirations in the third quarter than we did in the same period of the previous year, over the same portfolio of properties and that was by definition. In the fourth quarter, that number is down by an excess of 5%. So we're watching what our traffic looks like and where the pressure comes. So the first issue that pushed our turnover up was just we had more expirations in the third quarter than the same period the previous year. The second is, we are very aggressive with renewal increases so reasons for move out due to financial ran about 19%, same period last year, it was about 14%. The last area, which was less of an issue but an area that was up, was just corporate apartment homes or furnished apartments that moved up from roughly 4% a year ago to about 6.5% this year. So that's what pushed turnover, and we do believe that the fourth quarter is well-positioned because we took those expirations into the third quarter this year and a lot of them came out of the fourth quarter this year.
Leo S. Horey: Rob, hard costs are around $500 and apartment home across the portfolio. But the reality is that truly, fully loaded when you're looking at vacancy and all the costs, it can run 4 to 5x that so $2,000, $2,500 when an apartment turns.
Leo S. Horey: Dave, certainly they are more directly competitive with the As because the brand new product is going to be at the higher price points that are going to be competitive. But what we also find and I think what we talked about during the downturn is there is an effect where it indirectly affects the Bs or affects the Bs over time. In other words, as prices become more competitive then people who are living further out or in B product may look to move up in the A. So it's really during the early part when the product first starts leasing that it has a greater impact on the As, that new supply, and then over time, it equalizes.
Leo S. Horey: No, it's actually unique visits to the property. It's not a vague definition. To give you some perspective, the source of our leads for the Internet has obviously grown. It continues to grow. And it's running at about 70%. But when I say traffic, I mean actual unique visits to the property.
Leo S. Horey: It's the information that we get from the property agents filling out the guest cards, so actual real visits.
Leo S. Horey: Sure, I can give you. I think on the last call, Bryce talked about the average household income was -- for the portfolio was about $112,000. The good news is that at the end of the third quarter, it was up to $114,000 and just to kind of complete the circle, right now, our rent to income levels on a household are actually below 20%, which makes us feel pretty good. When you hear it quoted in our markets, it could easily be 22% or 23% and over entire cycle, it could range anywhere from 20% to 26%. So we feel good about where incomes are going and then furthermore, we feel good about the percentage of their income that our new residents are paying.
Leo S. Horey: Paula, this is Leo. It actually applies pretty consistently across all the major regions in which we do business.
Leo S. Horey: I'll tell you, Paula, we adhere to revenue management I would say 90% of the time, but just to be clear, what occurs is, on a weekly basis, we have the people on the ground meeting with the revenue management team, making sure that we're getting the benefit of the science and the algorithm combined with the expertise of the local players who may know more specifically what's going on.
Leo S. Horey: Michael, I think on that schedule just captures the deals that have already started. We're obviously going to be starting some deals in the fourth quarter as well. Our internal estimates is closer by $190 million in Q4 that's actually to be spent on the development activity for the perspective and another $34 million or so in land purchases.
Leo S. Horey: Yes, I think we've mentioned that we've got about $500 million or so in the balance sheet in the year.
Leo S. Horey: Gotham, this is Leo. With respect to the expense items of the major expense line items, in Q3, we did receive a lot of property tax refunds. Those will not recur in Q4. On the office line, it's been driven by bad debt. Bad debt has been very favorable. In the most recent quarter, it ran about 0.75% for the year, sort of about 0.8%, that's about 40 basis point benefit over the previous year's results. On the utility side, we expect some of that to come back in the fourth quarter, but we have had success on the consumption side, with certain things that we've been doing, whether it's lighting retrofits or cogeneration systems, et cetera, as well as just being aggressive in our collection efforts because we do pass a lot of that through to our residents. And then finally, in the marketing that you suggested, I expect a lot of that to be recurring, some will get used because we're coming in to a more difficult period of the year. But really it’s been change in business practices where we've gone from paper clip to paper lease where we've got using an electronic brochure instead of printing brochures. So as Tom mentioned in the fourth quarter, you can expect the year-over-year growth to be in the 2% to 3% but still very, very favorable for the full year.
Leo S. Horey: This is Leo again. In general, we haven't heard any impact but what we tend to find is, if people that rent apartments choose professionally managed or not professionally managed and the people that would move towards foreclosed or even just gray market are typically not the people that would, in most of our markets, that would be renting our apartment homes.
Thomas J. Sargeant: Jay, I'll give you a sense of how we're viewing the market without giving too much detail about how we think that might translate exactly in the pricing power but if you just look broadly at demand supply fundamentals, we think 2012 is likely to shape up as another favorable year, somewhere to 2011. In our markets, we're expecting demand supply ratios of over 4. We saw -- we think 2011, at the unveil, will be over 5. Both of those are well over longer-term trends. That compares to the U.S. average of around 3, just to put in perspective. Obviously in 2011, what's been driving it, I think as much as anything as Bryce talked about is just on the demand side anyway of falling homeownership rate and the increase in the level of rental households. Certainly, it hasn't been driven by job growth, which is I think at the end of the year, we're expecting Q4 to Q4 job growth and our markets average only about 0.25%. We expect that to roughly double be about 0.6% or so in 2012. So maybe get a little bit more lift from the job side of equation. And then supply will continue, despite our concerns about DC to a lesser extent Seattle, supply will continue to be abated as Bryce mentioned in his comments well below long-term averages. We're expecting 2011, supply is up 0.3% of total inventory. And if you excluded Seattle and DC for next year, that number only goes up to like 0.4%. So again, demand and supply fundamentals shaping up I think to be quite good, maybe get a little bit more out of job growth next year and a little less out of falling homeownership rates on the demand side, but the supply-side should continue to be a favorable picture through 2012 and virtually all of our markets with the exception of DC. And obviously, all this is coming on the foundation of very strong occupancy going into the winter, 95.5% plus. So 2012, we're quite optimistic about in terms of the outlook and any increase in the macro environment, I think could propel it from where we're at today.
Thomas J. Sargeant: Yes, I think, normally what you would expect in the fourth quarter is to see some pick up in expenses given the timing, and we think that you'll see some expense growth in the fourth quarter in the 2%, 3% range year-over-year. So we'll actually -- we do expect some of the benefit we received year-to-date in timing to reverse in the fourth quarter.
Thomas J. Sargeant: Eric, this is Tom. We should have about $500 million on the balance sheet at the end of the year roughly, depending on what happens with some late quarter transactions that could occur that we mentioned in the press release.
Thomas J. Sargeant: Alex, let me just add that capitalized interest during the quarter actually did go up during the quarter, so that would imply that we had more on balance going out more than underway during the quarter, if that helps.
Thomas J. Sargeant: Alex, this is Tom. It certainly adds to the share count, but as you recall, we used the treasury method and the effect of options in the money are already considered in our diluted shares outstanding, so there shouldn't be any impact to earnings, any meaningful impact to earnings on those share exercises.
Thomas J. Sargeant: This is Tom. There was no short-term acquisitions targeted or planned for that capital. It was truly raised primarily to fund or prefund development activity for the rest of this year and into next year and just general working capital.
Thomas J. Sargeant: This is Tom. We -- first, I'd start off by saying we like the Fund business. It's been a great vehicle and lever for us to pull in terms of growing our portfolio and getting an insight into the transaction market. Having said that, we have some internal portfolio goals that we would like to achieve that are better achieved without having an investment management fund in place at that time, doesn't mean we wouldn't be interested in doing another one. But right now, we're going to hit the pause button, and we would likely come back to that later but for now, we are not planning to raise a third fund.
Thomas J. Sargeant: Well, this is an area -- lease accounting is an area that has some gray in it and for those that are not aware of the issue, we do have a land lease that is required is that we straight-line the fixed escalations in that land lease over the lease term. That results in excess lease expense over actual payments. And to give you a sense of the magnitude, there's $10 million of lease expense going through the P&L and there's $1 million of cash. These are rough numbers. There's $9 million of excess expense over cash. If you look at what happens this year with the current year excess lease expense over cash, that is a reduction in the lease line item or exceeds an increase in expenses. And when we sell that asset this year, if we sell that asset, we had expected that, that would reverse against lease payments and it impact NOI and therefore benefit FFO. A strict interpretation of GAAP where there's GAAP to go to is unclear in this area so an abundance of caution. We are going to treat that asset or the extra payments this year or the extra expense overpayments this year, not as a reduction in the NOI or a pickup in the NOI but it's going to be captured as an incremental gain on the sale of that asset. It's a little nonsensical that you would have a current year item like this that would be captured as a gain, but GAAP doesn't always provide the most economical answer. It is GAAP. So in abundance of caution, we treat it this way. In terms of adding that back to FFO, the FFO definition does not speak to this so in a strict interpretation of the definition of FFO, we would not -- we would exclude that onetime pickup from FFO, and it would not benefit FFO this year, to the extent that those prior lease expenses exceeded cash. Now we sell that asset in the fourth quarter, those excess payments go away and we would have a benefit during the fourth quarter.
Thomas J. Sargeant: That's in the $0.02 that's below. Really, what we're trying to do is isolate the effect of the equity offering, which was an incremental capital raise over what we'd already planned for the year and the impact that, that has on dilution for this year. Any benefit in terms of interest income on the cash on the balance sheet, which is very nominal given the current interest rates or debt repayment is already embedded in our outlook, because we'd already provided for paying down that debt in September. There is some benefit for the early prepayment of one secured asset in October that will accrue to that $0.02 line item, that interest line item.
Thomas J. Sargeant: Nothing major. With the $0.05 you're talking about incrementally is purely related to the equity offering and the dilution from it.
Thomas J. Sargeant: And in addition to that, we have a debt that we prepared in October. We also have our shares of the final deal that we think we're going to buy under the fund, which is a substantial amount. So there are some other items in that in addition to development.
Thomas J. Sargeant: It's interesting a year ago, we were talking about how much underneath the unsecured market was below the secured markets and that's now reversed. We're now in a situation where secured debt is actually cheaper than unsecured debt by about 40 basis points. So I was talking about secured debt whether it's GSE or insurance money right now, our 10-year deal could be done between 4% and 4.25%, and a 10-year unsecured debt could be done by AvalonBay at 4.25% to 4.5%. So there's about 25 to 40 basis points difference between the secured and unsecured, which is generally what the trend has been over a long period of time, about 40 basis points. When you consider which one of those you might execute if you were in the market you'd have to consider the inflexibility of secured debt and the potential for prepayment penalties if you wanted to sell that asset early, and we're seeing that this year in our numbers. So we have a bias towards unsecured for lots of reasons, primarily financial flexibility, but also you really don't know what your total cost on a secured debt deal is until that asset is sold or somehow disposed of, so we like the unsecured markets and at 4.25% to 4.5%, it's still pretty good money.
Timothy J. Naughton: I think, Jeff, maybe a little bit more perspective. As I mentioned before, our current projection is only about 0.6% in our markets next year, which as Bryce mentioned is well off what we are thinking at the beginning of this year even for '11 or '12. But as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the markets that have done best, the technology markets. The annualized employment, level of employment that they've seen in those markets over the last 6 months kind of in the 1% to 2% range, so maybe 2x what we're expecting for average market. And those markets have been generating rent increases in the high single digits, 6.5% to as much as 10% as you get into certain of the markets in Northern California. So -- and even those numbers are well below what you typically see in a recovery. So the point in my prepared remarks is it really doesn't take a whole lot of job growth, I think, when you put that on top of the industry fundamentals that are quite unique right now, based on any other time we've seen in our career to generate rent growth that's substantially in excess of inflation, but it's going to take more than zero is our sense.
Timothy J. Naughton: This is Tim. It wouldn't necessarily impact how we would think about the timing of our development pipeline. For the most part, we're going when ready. With respect to development pipeline, there's 1 or 2 markets where we're being a little bit more judicious. Southern California comes to mind although we did start a deal in Irvine this last quarter. In terms of what we're seeing on the transaction market, we're just seeing more of everything to be honest, and we are seeing a bit more of deals that that have a little bit hair on them, which I think will present some interesting opportunities for us with the markets as transaction markets sort of grapple with the fits and starts of what we're seeing in the economy in capital markets. So we're still looking at those deals and for those kinds of deals, our senses will see more of them as the year unwinds and we're early into 2012 and we're hopeful that we're going to be pick up some of them.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes. I would say the principal use would be the development activity, as Tom mentioned. And even as we're looking for acquisition, in some cases, we're going to be recycling, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. So we haven't come out with guides in terms of what we expect, sort of net acquisition, net disposition activity be in 2012, but we expect to be active really on both fronts.
Timothy J. Naughton: We're not necessarily, in our portfolio, seeing a pattern where As are outperforming -- decidedly outperforming Bs or Bs decidedly outperforming As. So we may be seeing a little differently than maybe some of our peers are talking about. But I think importantly, as we've talked about in the past, it really comes down to submarket and submarket positioning. And again, the objective to go from whatever 85-15 to 75-25 is really more of a function that we just think, this is going to be a lot of markets and submarkets where the Bs are just fundamentally better positioned asset than As within that particular submarket. And that's just sort of naturally going to pull up the allocation. So it hasn't made us rethink the broader strategy. On the other hand, as we get into actually doing asset recycling, it's going to be similar in function to the opportunity that are out there, so the activity from one quarter to next is going to be as dependent upon the opportunities that are in the market.
Timothy J. Naughton: Alex, Tim here. Really, since we raised the capital, we're always projecting that we would start about $800 million in the second half of the year. The one deal that was kind of at the margin, whether it was Q3 and Q4, was the West Chelsea deal. That's why I called it out in my prepared remarks.
Timothy J. Naughton: It's a bit of a mix, Rob. I mean, first of all, I think 4 of the 6, we're planning to start within the last 3 months to be clear. Among them are deals that we actually acquired that were entitled, ready to go. Example is the Natick deal in Boston, which essentially was plans in place when we stepped in to it. Others are deals that we've been working for a couple of years under an option contract, and where we got an entitle. We're just required to close under the terms of that deal.
Timothy J. Naughton: Sure. I think we've spoken to this in the last couple of quarters. We've really move from looking it entitled deals, deals that were more or less ready to go try to take advantage of the construction market right now which were principally 2010 deals and maybe early 2011 to really more longer date of entitled deals, deals that required some entitlement dollars, pursuit cost dollars, to be invest before their ready to go. What we have found is the deals that are entitled, ready to go much like improved assets were getting bid up to the point where end-values were close to or approaching as not having exceeded in some cases, peak land values last cycle. So we started to steer clear of most of those kinds of deals, Rob, and they're kind of old-fashioned way of doing the business, which is muscled it through the entitled process and use the platform that we built and maintained over the last few years to our advantage, and those deals often are -- it's less about capital in some cases. It's more about track record and organizational talent in terms of who the sellers decide to choose and tend to be a little less aggressive in terms of the pricing expectations.
Timothy J. Naughton: Dave, Tim here. Actually, a number of us were at ULI last week, and it was the subject of a lot of the council discussions. Yes, generally, we're seeing a couple of things. One, in some markets, yields are not as healthy as they were a year ago and therefore, you're starting to see the equity requirements go up which is putting a little bit more stress in terms of some of the private sponsors. But in addition to that, you're starting to see some of the banks that were active in this area, starting to fill up. They're clearly still very focused on sponsorship. So for all the people that want to be doing development, many of them are still not and that they're not getting the bank financing. Or -- and for those that are, they're not getting as much as they would have last cycle just based upon the equity requirements and any of the co-investor requirements that would be required, so I think there is a bit of a more constrain on the capital side than maybe we would have even thought just given the amount of liquidity that's just generally out there in the capital markets.
Timothy J. Naughton: I don't know if I'd say more constrained than a quarter. We still haven't seen a whole lot of starts but you're still seeing production levels. I think they're still quite low relative to normal patterns and as you're coming out of the downturn and you start on the recovery phase of the cycle.
Timothy J. Naughton: Over the next couple of years, really not a big concern until '13 in San Jose. And then San Francisco, I think you'd be out of '14 and '15 before it's really more of a concern just in terms of getting back to or above long-term averages.
Timothy J. Naughton: No, we're not marketing the whole thing. We've got another couple of years for the whole period there, so we're really looking to average down over the balance. And there are some extensions potentially within that whole period, but I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we got 2 other assets right now that are there in marketing that we would expect to close sometime in the first quarter of 2012. And I'm sure, we'll sell some other assets later in 2012 and as we get into '13, we still got the majority of the assets to sell.
Timothy J. Naughton: No, it's a fund test really so when you sell an individual asset, even if it seems to be well in the money and very high IRR, it doesn't necessarily -- there's not a promote that necessarily flows to the entity until you get to the end of the fund.
Timothy J. Naughton: Sure. When I say a little more hair, in some ways, it's gone back to more like it was. As we came out of this downturn, the assets that were getting marketed for the most part were the safe trades, if you will, so they were the core deals in coastal markets. We saw a ton of stuff get sold in DC, to a lesser extent, Southern California a lot in New York. Those are the 3 largest markets where you saw trades and for the most part, again, they were core deals. You see a more value add type opportunities today where the assets are in need of capital, or repositioning. So that's what I mean by that or maybe you have some financing above market financing that you had a deal with somehow. So it's really a function of -- in some ways, it's just a more normal market where there are some core deals, but there are more -- we're seeing more and more older assets that need some attention and capital.
Timothy J. Naughton: Well, I know you still see some value added funds that are out there. Yes, some investors have gone with strictly of core. But there's still certainly some value add funds out there, tend to be a little bit more entrepreneurial in nature and leadership but that's running them. So there are buyers for those deals, they tend to be more thinly bid, though, just because there's -- oftentimes, skills that are required that not every buyer has in order to either underwrite or execute the transaction.
Timothy J. Naughton: Yes. As I mentioned, we're expecting to start $600 million. So it's big quarter for us. So that will get spent in the quarter.
