Sean Breslin: All right thanks, Ben. Continuing to Slide 9 to address recent portfolio trends. We’ve experienced a steady improvement in underlying bad debt primarily due to nonpaying residents leaving our communities. In Q1, underlying bad debt was about 20 basis points better than we anticipated. In Q2, that favorable spread grew to approximately 65 basis points and represented an underlying rate of 2.3%, which was roughly 70 basis points better than Q1. The elevated volume of nonpaying residents moving out, which is certainly a favorable trend, led to an increase in turnover and modest decline in physical occupancy. Based on what we’re currently experiencing, we expect a continued steady flow of move-outs associated with nonpaying residents over the next few quarters, which will further reduce underlying bad debt. As I’ve noted in the past, our historical bad debt range is 50 to 70 basis points. So based on the Q2 rate of 2.3%, we’re still approximately 170 basis points away from reaching what we might consider normal levels, which bodes well for revenue growth in future quarters. Moving to Slide 10 to address our updated revenue guidance, we increased the midpoint of our same-store residential revenue growth outlook of 100 basis points to 6%, which is supported by three primary drivers. The first is better-than-expected underlying bad debt, which is projected at a full year rate of 2.3% versus our original outlook of 2.8% and consists of 2.7% from the first half of the year and roughly 2% in the second half of the year. The second is a higher-than-projected average rental rate, which is primarily based on what we’ve already achieved through July combined with the rent growth we expect to realize for the balance of the year. And the third is an increased contribution from our innovation efforts, which is helping to drive our projected 16.5% increase in other income for the full year. We expect economic occupancy to be modestly below our original expectations, trending in the mid-95% range in the back half of the year as we continue to recover homes from nonpaying residents. All our established regions are projected to perform at or above the high end of our original revenue growth estimate except for Seattle, which is projected to be modestly above the midpoint. Additionally, our East Coast portfolio is projected to outperform our West Coast portfolio by approximately 200 basis points for the full year 2023. Transitioning to Slide 11, we continue to make meaningful progress related to our reimagined operating model. As we indicated at the beginning of the year, we expected an incremental NOI benefit of approximately $11 million in 2023, which is on top of the roughly $11 million we realized in 2022. Currently, we expect to exceed our original 2023 objective by $4.8 million for a total incremental benefit of almost $16 million for the full year. The material drivers of the positive variance include the faster deployment and resident adoption of our technology services offering and the accelerated realization of staffing efficiency resulting from digitalizing customer-related processes. I’d like to thank our operating and technology teams for their continued effort to drive our reimagined operating model and look forward to sharing more about the next iteration of it in future quarters. So with that, I’ll turn it over to Matt to address development.
Sean Breslin: Yes. Austin, this is Sean. Happy to talk through that a little bit. First on your second comment as it relates to renewals, the spreads do move around throughout the year and throughout various cycles. And so when we originally talked about offers kind of going out the 7% range and where we ultimately settled, you’re talking about spreads that are within normal tolerances, typically 150 basis points or so. Sometimes a little bit less, sometimes a little bit more. I’d say July was slightly wider. Q2 is slightly narrower. So I think we’re in the relevant range as it relates to renewals, given the knowledge that it does move around depending on specific market conditions as the year evolves. As it relates to the first part of your question as it relates to move in lease rates we did provide a breakout for the quarter as it relates to move-ins versus renewals, which is at the footnote on the bottom of that attachment. And as it relates to how that’s trending going forward, what I’d say is that we were pushing pretty hard on rate through the first two quarters of the year. As we started to get back more inventory from those non-paying resident homes, we started to see the new move-in side begin to tick down, which is really what started to reflect in July, which was coming in at 2.8% for new move-ins as compared to what we experienced during the second quarter. So that’s where we started to see a little bit of softness. But in terms of sort of baking the red roll for the full year and how it carries forward into 2024, I think we’re in pretty good shape based on what we realized through June and even July, frankly, even though we did see some deceleration on the move-ins – new move-ins side of particular in July.
Sean Breslin: Yes. Here’s how I describe it is we expect the average lease rate for the portfolio for the full year to be about 70 basis points higher than originally anticipated. Most of that is the result of what we have already achieved in terms of the expirations that we had through the month of July that are then cumulatively carrying forward through the balance of the year and our original outlook, we talked about the fact that we expected some modest deceleration in rent change as we moved through the back half of the year that’s still the base case assumption for us, but what we’ve realized through the first seven months of the year has been strong and will carry us forward through the balance of the year and that’s how you get to that 70 basis point higher average lease rate for the full year.
Sean Breslin: Yes. I mean we haven’t provided July bad debt data just yet because it hasn’t been fully closed out. We provided some preliminary estimates for July as it relates to rent change and things of that sort, which is what was included. So I think what probably is the easiest way to think about this is first half our underlying bad debt rate was 2.7%. In the second half, we expect it to be 2%, which reflects 2.2% in Q3 and dropping down to 1.9% in Q4. As it relates to occupancy, occupancy is correlated with the change in bad debt as we see skip and evict activity throughout the portfolio. So where we are for the second half of the year, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks is an expectation that economic occupancy will average roughly 95.5%, which is modestly below our original expectation, but is congruent with the fact that we are getting back more non-paying resident units that we anticipated that’s flowing through the turnover into occupancy but is also helping bad debt. So the two are correlated and so the expectation is again kind of mid-95s for economic occupancy in the second half based on our forecasted receipt of those non-paying units in the second half.
Sean Breslin: Yes. I think the primary driver is what I was referencing as it relates to Austin’s questions, which is, we pushed hard on rate as it related to the first two quarters of the year. As you may recall, the eviction moratorium for LA expired at the end of March. So as we processed cases, we started to see more availability come into the portfolio in the latter part of the second quarter. And therefore, we started to ease on rates to then prompt more velocity in terms of leasing velocity of those incremental units. And so what you’re seeing on the new move-in side in particular is in places like LA as an example, where there is more inventory coming back to market. As we get into July, we wanted to push that inventory through the system, get it turned, get it released, get it occupied before we get into the slower and softer frankly fall winter seasons. So that pressure on new move-in specifically is to help spur leasing velocity to absorb more inventory than normal as a result of those non-paying units coming back to us.
Sean Breslin: Yes. Good questions. So as it relates to the operating initiatives, when I talk about them first more holistically. At this point, based on what we have projected for 2023, we’ll be about halfway through our plan as it relates to achieving about $15 million in incremental NOI with the balance of that to come through 2024 and into 2025. Beyond that, there are other things that we’re investing in that we haven’t talked about in significant detail as it relates to the use of AI, which you started several years ago and have been in R&D mode and other areas of the business, some other automation efforts and various other things that will help drive additional value NOI to the portfolio, which we would – we will be happy to talk about as we get further along with those. But I would say, as of right now, if you think about what’s coming in the way of NOI assume there’s another roughly $25 million or so to come as it relates to 2024 and 2025. That’s kind of the high level summary where I’d leave it, that includes more than just the staffing side of it. That includes all of it, that’s underway at the moment.
Sean Breslin: Jamie, one thing I would just add to that to give a specific example, if you think of Boston, which is a market that we’ve been in for a very long time, very active developer. Certainly, there have been very good demand drivers there as it relates to a number of different industries, highly educated workforce, good income levels. Our predominantly suburban portfolio is pretty supply protected. Most of those towns have fulfilled their 40B affordable requirements. So there’s not a lot of developments in the pipeline. That’s the kind of environment where we can be successful in development, but also our existing portfolio is pretty insulated as it relates to exposure to supply and tends to produce solid growth. So that’s a good example of one of those markets. If you think of New Jersey, parts of New Jersey, we’re the first development going in, in 30 years. So while it may not have the growth rate on a stabilized basis that is as attractive as some West Coast markets when they’re really moving along, the additional yield on that development and the total returns are quite attractive. So we’ll continue to allocate capital there. So those are a couple of good examples as to why we think those markets are attractive.
Sean Breslin: Yes, Josh. This is Sean. We didn’t provide specific guidance as it relates to new lease rate growth, excuse me. Well, we did say at the beginning of the year, which I would just reaffirm now, is that we did expect to see solid rate growth for the first half, which we have realized, and then begin to see some modest deceleration and blended effective rent change in the back half of the year. And I think that’s appropriate at this point in time in terms of where we are and what we’re seeing in terms of the inventory come back to us from some of the [indiscernible] I think that’s appropriate.
Sean Breslin: Yes. No, good question, Brad. Nothing terribly unusual kind of it’s a mess here and there across different categories, but nothing that stands out as sort of oh, there’s a – there’s something going on as it relates to relocation or things of that sort. Home condo purchase is still less than 10%, which is a historic low for us. So there’s not much else in there other than sort of the normal stuff, family status, roommate changes, nothing else material I’d say.
Sean Breslin: Yes. Good question. And nothing unusual in terms of underlying trends that indicate any significant movement. I mean, we may – that may be different over the next two, three quarters. We are hearing more about people being called back to the office. Obviously, the Amazon announcement, which would have some impact on the – not only urban portion of downtown Seattle, but also urban Bellevue, where they have a large campus. So I think it’s probably not a broader urban, suburban trend other than as it relates to where people are going to work. If it’s a suburban job center location versus an urban building, that would be something that in the future may shift things a little bit one direction or another, but it’s a little too early to tell.
Sean Breslin: I’d say New York is really a little bit the outlier at the moment in terms of the processing of cases, whether it’s Long Island or city or Westchester, it’s just moving – everything is moving more slowly. The backlog is significant, but it’s also significant in L.A., and L.A. seems to be moving along a little faster. So those are really the two markets and maybe to a lesser extent, a similar phenomenon is in the District of Columbia. We’re seeing things move more slowly. So I’d say New York is probably the outlier to the slow end followed by DC in terms of what’s going on. The rest of them is sort of just chipping along.
Sean Breslin: Yes, it’s a good question. Different companies use different types of screening criteria, so I can’t really speak to the market specifically on that subject. That really is something that from an industry perspective, you acquire a lot of conversations in terms of how people screen their applicants to make that decision.
Sean Breslin: Not any significant trends. That actually went the opposite direction through COVID. And we haven’t seen a significant trend indicate people are doubling up.
Matt Birenbaum: All right. Thanks, Sean. Turning to Slide 12, our lease-up communities continue to deliver outstanding results, laying the foundation for strong future growth in both earnings and NAV. We have five development communities that had active leasing in Q2, and those five deals are delivering with rents that are $520 per month or 18% above our initial underwriting. This, in turn, is driving a 70 basis points increase in the yield on these investments to 6.6%, well above current cap rates in the mid- to high 4% range and even further above the low 4% cost of capital we source to fund these deals when they started construction, consistent with our match funding strategy. Looking ahead, we expect to start leasing on an additional six communities before the end of the year, many of which are positioned to exceed our initial projections by a significant margin as well. As shown on Slide 13, with most of our development communities still early in lease-up or yet to open, we have clear visibility into a substantial future earnings growth stream from this book of business. Over the next six quarters, we expect to deliver an additional 3,600 homes, which are entirely match funded today, and which will drive incremental NOI growth and NAV creation on completion. To provide some additional insight into the transaction market, a summary of our recent disposition activity is shown on Slide 14. While we were able to close on three asset sales in the past few months, transaction activity is still relatively muted with total sales volumes off roughly 70% from 2022 levels. In general, cap rates on the assets that are selling tend to be below prevailing debt rates, although there are also listings that are not proceeding to closing due to a bid ask spread between seller and buyer. We were pleased with the results on these transactions and we’ll look to redeploy a portion of the proceeds into some limited acquisition activity in our expansion regions as we resume our portfolio trading and continue to make progress on our long-term strategic portfolio allocation goal of a 25% weighting to our expansion markets. And with that, I’ll turn it back to Ben.
Matt Birenbaum: Yes. Hey Eric, it’s Matt. I guess, I can speak to that one a little bit and then I don’t know if Kevin wants to talk to the longer term trend there, but I mean, probably the easiest way to think about it is that as that slide showed, we’re looking at 3,600 deliveries over the next six quarters. That’s about 200 deliveries a quarter and that’s – I’m sorry, 200 deliveries a month. And that is probably double the pace of what we’ve done over the last year or so. So, we’re going to be getting twice as many apartments that we’re going to be bringing online and ultimately generating NOI out of it.
Matt Birenbaum: There’s not a lot of distress that we’re seeing out there yet in multi of any kind, honestly. I think if it shows – my guess is, it would be more likely to show up in some of our expansion regions where people were buying maybe with short-term value add business plans, where maybe they were borrowing short-term floating rate debt, thinking they were going to invest some money and improvements get a rent roll pop and then flip the deal out. So that business plan is not working for folks the way it had been. So there could be some pressure there or some kind of larger portfolios that people may have bought at a higher leverage point. There was just more of that transaction activity happening in the Sunbelt than in our coastal region. So maybe that means there’s more opportunity there if some of that goes sideways, but it’s pretty speculative.
Matt Birenbaum: Yes. Hey, it’s Matt. I’ll speak to that one. Yes, it was really just one project that honestly, the returns got a little too tight relative to what’s happened with cost of capital and asset values. So I wouldn’t read too much into it as it relates to next year. We have a pretty robust pipeline, so we think we have the opportunity to increase our starts activity next year if things go the way we hope they will. So that was really just a deal specific situation there.
Matt Birenbaum: I think if you’re talking about kind of personnel and overhead, we have seen a lot of the private merchant builders start to cut back in some markets, particularly the markets where start activity had been really elevated, some of the really hot markets. We have not been in that position. Fortunately, again, we’ve had a relatively measured pace of start activity really for the last three or four years relative to our long-term kind of averages. And we’re across a number of different markets and a lot of our markets honestly are less volatile. And so if you look at actually where our starts are heavier right now, at this moment, it tends to be in some of those northeastern markets where things didn’t run up quite as hot and they’re more steady kind of in a more stable environment as well. So we’re not seeing those same kind of overhead pressures.
Matt Birenbaum: Yes, sure. This is Matt. I can speak to that. And I would say the SIP business is not a distressed business. Basically, we are lending to developers who are building multifamily assets, very similar to the multifamily assets that we build and own and operate. And we’re just providing capital between the first mortgage construction loan and their equity. And where there’s been distress is in the lending world. And so the amount of proceeds they can get off that first construction loan are lower than they would have been a year or two ago. And therefore, they either have to put in more equity or borrow a little bit more money from somebody else. So in that sense, what we’re seeing that’s changed is, we’re going lower down the capital stack. So we’re lending from maybe 50% to 75% cost instead of 60% to 85% cost like we would have been doing a year or two ago. And we are happy with the fact that we’re just building that book of business today, and so we can underwrite it in today’s environment. The deal that we just closed on is a suburban garden community in Charlotte, actually fairly near the DFP deal that we started construction on in the first quarter, north of Charlotte. And that’s with a sponsor who is really first-class sponsor who actually have a DFP deal working with as well that we hope to start next year. So it’s a repeat business situation. And that’s pretty representative of the type of business that we’re looking for. That rate is kind of 12-ish, yield is around 13, a little bit more higher than 13. Just given the fees involved, that would have been 10 as opposed to 12 or 13 if it had been a year or two ago. So we are seeing a lot of inbound inquiries on that program. The challenge is finding deals that underwrite, just given kind of where asset values are relative to replacement cost. And that’s part of what we’re seeing in terms of developers finding it much more difficult to put their capital stack together, which ultimately is slowing start activity. But the good news is, we have our pick of the litter and really top quality sites and sponsors. The challenge is finding deals that underwrite because we’re not really bending in terms of the quality of the underlying collateral and how high it will go in the capital stack to lend against it.
Matt Birenbaum: Our long-term goal is to have that plan be a $300 million to $500 million book of business and build that up over the course of several years. I think today, we’re at a little bit less than $100 million in commitments total. So, we’ve got room to run there.
Matt Birenbaum: Hey, Alex. It’s Matt. Really the outperformance that we’re talking about is relative to our pro forma when we start the job. So the land price is already baked in there. It’s really about the rents and the fact that we had rents run up pretty significantly over the last two years, at a pace particularly in some of these locations, again, some of these suburban coastal locations that were well above trend. We don’t trend rents in the first place. So whenever we quote a yield, it’s the yield as if, it’s at today’s NOI, today’s cost, and then we don’t remarket until we’ve leased at least roughly 20%. So it is a little bit of a unique moment in time in the sense that we started those jobs. The hard costs were good because we bought them out kind of at the trough, if you will really maybe in front of when some of the hard cost inflation that we’ve seen kicked in. But we enjoyed it on the rent side. So the going in yield on those, the underwritten yield I think was maybe a 5.9% and the rent growth has driven it to a 6.6%, so that’s the 70 basis points of outperformance. When you look at the deals, the next six deals to start lease up as I mentioned, those deals also should have a pretty significant lift because again, there was a nice runup in rents between when we started them and when we’re going to start leasing them. So we still should beat pro forma on those, maybe not by as much, but by a nice margin. And then when you start thinking about the deals that we’re going to start in the next however many quarters, there it’s more about just is it a good land basis? And is it a good hard cost basis? And are those underwriting to an initial 5.8, 5.9 [ph]? No, we’re now looking for mid-6s typically, given what’s happened to the cost of capital.
Matt Birenbaum: Sure. I guess to the second part, how we think about the future, again, we tend to look at everything on a spot basis, so today’s NOI, today’s hard costs. Now there are some deals that we have in our system, which we signed up in the last couple of years that are thin at today’s hard cost. And so in some cases, we are making the decision to continue to invest modestly in those deals to get them ready to go to see what happens to hard cost by that time because the reality of it is, it’s very difficult to know where hard costs are until you actually have a deal ready to bid and subcontractors see that it’s real. Ideally, there’s even some demo or something going on so that, everybody is constantly asking them if I had a job to build today, what would it cost, but that’s different than I do have a job ready to go today. I have the permits in hand; give me your best number. So what we’ve seen is in some markets, particularly again, some of those markets that maybe didn’t see quite the same excesses in terms of subcontractor capacity, again, particularly in the Northeast – suburban Northeast, where a lot of our dev starts are, we have seen costs come back maybe 5% to 10% and we’ve enjoyed some buyout savings on some of our more recent starts. And so once we bought that out, then that is reflected in the way we underwrite the next deal in that region. There are other regions where hard costs, it seems like they’re flattening out, but they haven’t fallen yet, particularly some of the regions that saw – were just really struggling to keep up with all of the demand and all of the elevated start activity over the last couple of years. I would put Austin in that category. I’d put Denver into that category. I’d actually put Seattle into that category, where we saw hard costs run up a lot and have not yet come back to us. And so we’ll see. We’re certainly hoping that they do. We’re seeing start activity start to slow down in those regions, but that may take a while before that plays through.
Ben Schall: Thanks Matt. To wrap up, I want to thank our 3,000 AvalonBay associates for their efforts and dedication and delivering very strong results in the first half of 2023. As an organization, we have also incorporated our ESG activities into much of what we do, and I’m proud that we are delivering on these initiatives with tangible and measurable progress across all of our key ESG metrics as shown on Slide 15. And as more fully described in our 12th annual ESG report, which we issued last Monday. Our final Slide number 16 summarizes our key takeaways for a very successful quarter. And with that, I’ll turn the call back to the operator to facilitate questions.
Ben Schall: Yes, thanks Nick. And for the wider group, what Nick’s referring to was the legal update that we provided in our earnings release yesterday. And as you pointed out, we are pleased we’ve been dismissed from that class action lawsuit. Nick, at this point, given its ongoing litigation in the wider industry, we can’t make any additional comments above what we included in our disclosure in the earnings release. The filings in the case are public. They’re out there, the extent that you or others want research the matter further.
Ben Schall: Yes. John, the 2% I mentioned is the underlying bad debt, ignoring the impact of rent relief, so to clarify that one. And then in terms of duration, I mean, it’s a good question. We essentially process about, call it, 1,400 skips and evicts the first half of the year. Our expectation is for roughly similar pace, maybe slightly more on the second half. And but based on the number of outstanding accounts that we have at this point in time and the pace of activity, particularly in a state like New York, which is moving more slowly. I do expect it to carry through into at least, I’d say, the first half of 2024. And then as you start to get to the back half of 2024 and 2025, I would expect to see normalization based on the pace we’ve experienced thus far.
Ben Schall: Overall, this is – I just – this is Ben, just to add a couple of comments on our framework here. Overall, like you’ve seen from us the last couple of years, the discipline that we’ve had both around adjusting our capital allocation approaches based on the changing external environment, including our cost to capital, and then also a discipline around maintaining the spreads that we want between underlying market cap rates and our stabilized development yield. So when you hear Matt talk about a deal that we’re moving from the system, that’s us having those hard conversations to make sure that we feel like there’s sufficient value being created for shareholders.
Ben Schall: Jamie, I’ll make a couple of comments. As we think about the prospects for the various markets, and particularly our established regions versus the Sunbelt markets, the supply dynamics in our minds are going to continue to be a factor and a factor at this point into 2025. And that’s just simply a function of start activity, the time it takes to then complete those deals and then the lease up of that activity coming through the system. So this will be something in our minds. And particularly if we are faced with an environment of flat or softening demand, the reality is those markets and sub-markets with higher level of supplies in our minds are going to face a softening operating environment.
Ben Schall: I think we feel fairly confident on the demand and supply dynamics in our suburban coastal markets and that includes the northeast. On the demand side, there are elements of rent versus owning economics today, which stay very prevalent. And to some degree are – if you look at the rent versus own spreads, the northeast has some of the highest levels there. It could be $1000 more a month to own a home versus rent a home given where you see home prices go and borrowing costs run. And those are markets where it’s very difficult to build new single family supply, right, once that part of the process starts back up. So yes, I think we – that’s a factor gives us confidence. And then as you think about kind of reversions to long-term means, the northeast and other suburban coastal markets just haven’t had the run-up that we’ve seen in other markets. So there’s an underlying stability there that also gives us confidence.
Ben Schall: Part of it’s just been our approach and we made this shift last year to selling first the market. There’s uncertainty there. There’s not a lot of capital that’s in play. So we wanted to take some assets to market, execute on those, lock into that cost to capital and then make the decisions around how we’re going to redeploy that capital. We are remaining pretty selective today in terms of our new buying activity. And part of that is, while to Matt’s point, we’re not expecting distress. Our view is that over the next six months to 12 months, there likely will be a greater set of motivated sellers and potentially in our growth areas, in our expansion markets that could be particularly true. If you take a softening operating environment and combine that with a capital environment where capital is less abundant that could provide some attractive opportunities for a platform and a balance sheet like ours.
Ben Schall: There are no other litigations related to the RealPage that we’re aware of that we have not been dismissed from.
Ben Schall: Yes. Thanks, Michael. I’ll make a couple of comments. One, reaffirm our goal of moving 25% of our portfolio to the expansion regions over a period of five or six years. We’ve talked before about some of the drivers behind that, too, just quickly to call out. One, our core customer, the knowledge-based worker, we recognize is in a more dispersed set of markets today than they have been in the past. And second, just think about an expanded playing field to take what we do well across operations, development to those new markets in order to create value for our shareholders. In terms of kind of pace and execution, goes to my comment earlier in the call, could be an opportunity here where there are some attractive – more attractive opportunities for us to enter into those markets, given some operating softening and given there’s not a lot of other institutional capital that’s active today. And so we’ll continue to be selective, but I think we’ll have the choice of what we want to own. On the acquisition side, we’ve been tending to focus recently on assets that we think are going to complement our development portfolio in those markets. And so it’s had us looking at acquisitions that are generally a little bit older in nature, lower in density, lower in price point with a particular focus on micro locations that we expect to have more limited supply coming. And then on the development side and gets in the land and the conversation we’re having around construction costs, our hope is construction costs will start to come down. There are merchant builders who were accumulating large portfolios of land, and we are starting to see some of those deals come back. And so selectively, and I talked about this last quarter, we – in Boston and a recent deal in Florida, we’ve been able to take land back at 30% to 40% from where it traded a year ago. So those are the types of opportunities that we’re looking at, but this is a longer-term vision, and we remain focused on moving in that direction.
