Marianne Paulsen: Thank you very much, Dea. Good morning, everyone. I'm Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations for CenterPoint Energy. I'd like to welcome you to our second quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO; and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our second quarter 2011 results and will also provide highlights on other key activities.  In addition to Mr. McClanahan and Mr. Whitlock, we have other members of management with us who may assist in answering questions following their prepared remarks. Our earnings press release and Form 10-Q, filed earlier today, are posted on our website, which is www.centerpointenergy.com, under the Investors section. I would like to remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with the SEC. Before Mr. McClanahan begins, I would like to mention that a replay of this call will be available until 6:00 p.m. Central Time through Thursday, August 11, 2011.  To access the replay, please call 1 (800) 642-1687 or (706) 645-9291 and enter the conference ID number 75341557. You can also listen to an online replay of the call through the website that I just mentioned. We will archive the call on CenterPoint Energy's website for at least one year. And with that, I will now turn the call over to David McClanahan.
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you, Gary. And with that, we will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I ask you to please limit yourself to one question and a follow up. Dea, would you please give the instructions on how to ask the questions.
Marianne Paulsen: Okay. Thank you very much. Since we do not have any other questions, I'll end the call. Thank you very much for participating today. We appreciate your support very much. Have a great day.
David McClanahan: We haven't had any discussions recently. We obviously continue to -- we talk regularly about their production schedule and where they're headed. In our 5-year plan, we've got about half of their expansions, options or soon-to-be exercise. I think based on the low gas price environment, I'm thinking today, we may push that out a little bit. But it -- I mean, we're not -- we still think they're going to exercise and expand the system, it may be a little later than we had originally told them.
David McClanahan: No, Carl, I think that is pretty much the same time frame. We had thought that there was going to be some -- at least some paring down of the bidders in one RFP by midsummer, but the customer's delayed its action until later on this year. So we still think by the end of the year, we'll have some insight into whether or not we're going to get any Eagle Ford facilities.
David McClanahan: The Chesapeake backhaul did expire. The original contract, I think the 1st of June, they are still continuing to take certain services from us under a different modified contract, so they still are buying their backhaul services from us. I don't think that's a long-term agreement. And we are making -- having some progress in selling some additional capacity on CP that's been made available by some additional compression we put on the system and just running the system a little better. So I think we have made some progress. Our view was that this was going to be a $20 million impact plus or minus, and we still think that's the case over the long term. So I think things are going according to plan there, and that was the Chesapeake contract that we referred to. In terms of thunder, it is a little bit too early. We did get a fair amount of interest and we're in discussions with the folks that expressed their interest. And I think it's too early to tell if there's a need for additional pipe there or whether existing facilities can be used to service some of these needs.
David McClanahan: If you look at this, Andrew, most of the O&M increases during labor, a little overtime, the medical benefits and kind of cats and dogs, there's no one big item. I don't really think it's related to the drought situation, we do have some increased transmission costs, but those are offset by transmission revenues, more than offset the revenues there. So I don't think the droughts having that big a deal, but this grid is stressed. We've been under alert all week and it's hot in Texas. But I don't think that's creating any operating expense increases to speak of.
