Bill Rogers: With respect to 2019 and beyond, I think it's -- let's begin with -- we have a commitment to our capital investment on our utilities, we have a commitment to our credit quality, and we've spoken about our dividend; therefore, I think it will matter what the forward-looking credit metrics are at that time and how much debt we can reasonably take on and whether we should consider sales of Enable units as a source of financing and/or sales of common equity. In any event if we were to consider the sale of common equity, it would be modest.
Bill Rogers: Just to clarify our prepared remarks, we said that we do not require the sale of Enable units to support the strength of our balance sheet and credit metrics in 2018. With respect to the cadence of any sales, I think there are two points for consideration; one is capital markets considerations in the sector and Enable, so we want to be doing that constructively in the marketplace. We also want to be respectful of any capital formation needs that Enable might have. And then the second consideration is our use of proceeds and strengthen our balance sheet to redeploy that into our utilities businesses.
Bill Rogers: Ali, I think one way to think about this is we've provided growth guidance in earnings for shorter period then we've provided CapEx for; and that's because of visibility around Enable, primarily. But as you can tell from our spending that the impacts associated with earnings are coming from the utilities would conceptually continue given the CapEx that we're spending throughout the entire plan period.
Bill Rogers: We haven't specified a timeline, what we have done as you know is, go through the process of considering options that were more rapid exit from this investment; and as you know, none of those worked for us. So having completed that we are now in the mode of focusing on selling units in a constructive fashion over a longer period of time to reduce our exposure to the commodity space. And as we've outlined, we don't have any specificity on what that looks like other than to say; over a period of time, we intend to reduce our exposure and ownership here.
Bill Rogers: I'd say that the fairest way to say that is, we are committed to targeting that growth rate over this period of time and we've considered a number of options for financing on how we could get there.
Bill Rogers: You're correct and that remains an option. Our only constraint there is in our partnership agreement, we can -- are limited to selling no more than 5% of our current holdings to one buyer.
Bill Rogers: I think you're right, directionally, and that rate base growth should translate into EPS growth with adjustments for regulatory lag and any common equity that utility company might contemplate. We have a visibility into what our midstream segment will produce in the next three years, there are midstream segment as publicly said, only what 2018 looks like. So suffice it to say until we get better visibility over the longer term period, we're not able to stretch out that growth rate beyond 2020.
Bill Rogers: The way we express this is, first thing, the Board takes a look at our dividend every quarter, our capital needs, the strength of our financials, and so forth; and then decides whether the clear dividend. With respect to the trajectory of the dividend we are intending to grow the dividend, we have deliberately shared that it grew 4% in each of '15, '16, '17 and '18; we recognize that it is a lower growth rate than our earnings per share growth rate but that allows us the ability to retain earnings and reinvest that capital in our utility business.
Bill Rogers: I won't speak for the Board but I think we're certainly comfortable with the dividend payout ratio we have today.
Bill Rogers: Let's begin by assuming that O&M growth stays with volume of sales growth on the residential side; so that way we have an offset if you will to that element of regulatory lag. But the real regulatory lag is how quickly our mechanisms allow capital expenditures to go into rate base and earn a return. The T-cost mechanism allows for filings twice a year and is relatively quick when that gets into the revenue requirement and so that regulatory lag can be as short as six months. The DCRF mechanism is filed once a year, that's in April and that's off of books that close at year end. And our experience in the last filings is; that then gets reflected at revenue requirement towards the end of the third quarter. So if you assume that we had an average spend and distribution investments in the prior year you get a regulatory lag of as short as 9 months but it could be upto a year.
Bill Rogers: If you were to take the midpoint of Enable's net income guidance that they've put out last year, and then translate that into CenterPoint EPS, you would get $0.46 per CenterPoint share. And the way to do that is to take the midpoint of their guidance, the effective tax rate, state and federal associated with our Enable investment as 24%; we own 54% of Enable. And then after you've done that, add $0.07 per share for the accretion.
Bill Rogers: What we've said is that our 2018 plans doesn't call for the sale of Enable units in order to support our capital investment. We've also said that this multi-year view that we've given you contemplates a range of scenarios to include a range of financing alternatives.
Bill Rogers: That is the credit facility for CERC; and CERC includes CES as well as all of our natural gas distribution utilities. And those companies along with other companies share a common money pool.
Bill Rogers: As shared on our call, we had a run-up in gas prices right at year end; and in our disclosure you'll see that we went from receiving a marginal collateral at year end 2016 to posting margin collateral at year end 2017. So that's just -- that's the price impact. And then we had to purchase gas at higher prices, put it into storage which we then provided to our customers; so that was -- I characterize it as a temporary swing and we're beginning to see that cash flow come in as our customers pay their bills.
Scott Prochazka: I don't believe the status of where we are with Enable impacts our views with respect to M&A. Our comments in the past have been that we have -- we've got a very large capital budget, as you've seen $8.3 billion over the next five years that we can invest organically, and can grow our core utility business through that investment with known returns. To the extent we were to look at anything outside of that we have to weigh the returns available against what we can get internally. So, perhaps opportunistic but our core attention remains on our -- on the investments in our core business.
Scott Prochazka: We think we're providing a reasonable view of growth through the 3-year window that we are providing, given the visibility that we have to the various business components.
Scott Prochazka: Okay. That is being impacted heavily by the single project I referred to as the Bailey to Jones Creek project; it is incorporated that $250 million is a discrete project that's incorporated centrally right in the middle of that plan with the majority of the spend occurring in 2020.
Scott Prochazka: Yes, part of that is '18 but we've also -- as we rework our plans for growth and investment needed for growth, we've just updated the amount of spend that we associate with or related to load growth and that's what's being categorized here as a recognition that the spend would go up from the $300 million range to $400 million for load related investments as a result of the planning exercise we do each year.
Scott Prochazka: I think you're aware we have a negative basis in Enable. Our tax reform does not impact our basis. Tax reform does impact the capital gains rate that we pay if we were to sell any of our investment in Enable.
Scott Prochazka: We have not specified what our assumption is there, we take into consideration a range of options and incorporating that with the capabilities and the options for the rest of the portfolio, we're comfortable that 5% to 7% growth off of prior year is a very doable target.
Scott Prochazka: So I'll give you the answer in pieces. So on the electric business, it's approximately 95% that can be achieved through -- recovery achieved through mechanisms. On the gas side, it's virtually all of it with the exception of Minnesota which does not have these mechanisms but has a forward-looking test year and also utilizes interim rates; so those two features in Minnesota mitigate regulatory lag.
Scott Prochazka: Got it. so the $1.1 billion recognition that went through the income statement stripped for strength in the consolidated balance sheet from 35% to 40% equity at the cap after adjusting out securitization bonds. And some of that benefit flowed through the balance sheet for Houston Electric and for CERC where those balance sheets are close to 45% at year end and at 50% at year-end 2017. Now to get those balance sheets at that level because they had more equity content as a result of tax reform, there were dividends from both of those entities to CenterPoint and the holding company.
Scott Prochazka: We have agreed recently to file a rate case before April 30, 2019. So sometime before then we will -- we're obligated to make our next full rate case filing.
Scott Prochazka: It's a full historical test year and we've not specified exactly that what that test year would be but it obviously has to be sometime between now and when we have to file.
Scott Prochazka: No, we are not -- it does not change our perspective on it. You are right, it gets better but it's still very challenging to do and accomplish our financial objective. So it doesn't change our intent in terms of how we plan to reduce our exposure there.
Scott Prochazka: We have not but our operators continue to study this and depending on how the system is performing and what the needs are with respect to capacity to move power as demanded by the system it could give rise to additional investments, we look at this annually, we adjust our plan annually based on how the system is operating and what the most recent projections are. But as of now we've included everything that we have insight to.
