Scott Prochazka: Insoo, good morning. This is Scott. I'll make some comments. If Joe wants to add, I'll ask him to do so. I would characterize the first quarter of '19 as a little below what we would expect. It's certainly well below what we saw in '18, but it is a little lower than what we would expect on a normal basis in the first quarter. That said, since we weren't able to do much optimization in the first quarter, those storage assets are now available for us to take advantage of optimization in the latter part of the year. And we've already begun signing some commitments that do exactly that. So it essentially moves some of the earnings capacity for the first quarter to later in the year. 
Scott Prochazka: So I would say as we look at our total capital plan and spend, given the relatively small amount that was associated in those years, it's quite possible that capital could be redeployed to other areas where there may be additional needs. We're going to go through an exercise associated with the new IRP of understanding what the shift in investment looks like in Indiana. And as we do that as you know, we do that on an annual basis where we look at capital, we will update capital plans elsewhere. And it may well include the ability to deploy that limited amount of CapEx either on other needs within Indiana or elsewhere in our service territory. 
Scott Prochazka: So Ali, the amount of expected annual performance change from where we started the year, I would say, is minor in the business. What we're really seeing is a shift of anticipated earnings from one quarter into other quarters. To the extent that it is slightly less than what we originally anticipated. We can look at other levers to help manage our overall performance, including necessary cost levers or other options we have to continue to make us feel good about the earnings guidance that we've given for the year. 
Scott Prochazka: So the first question you're asking is about variability with our competitive businesses. I want to point out that a look at business performance or competitive business performance on a single quarter basis is where it -- inaccurately or incorrectly characterizes the volatility of the business. And the reason is that the businesses have some seasonality to them, as do our utility businesses, quite frankly, have seasonality to them. So to the extent that you want to characterize a business with greater levels of variability I think we need to look at that overall over the entire course of a year. And what we've seen is consistent performance -- relatively consistent performance over a 12-month period as opposed to some variability you might see with any given quarter. 
Scott Prochazka: Yes, these are businesses that we are operating and we are looking to grow. And we understand the fundamentals that drive them. And they're complementary to our much larger utility business, which comprises roughly 70% of our total earnings. 
Scott Prochazka: So Jonathan, I'll start with the first. The first one was a question around the process. So State of Indiana has a cycle of do-over -- refreshing the IRP every 3 years. So we're on -- we started our last one that ultimately included the recommendation or the request with the CCGT that started in 2016. So we are in the process now of filing our next one, which was due in 2019 anyway. We believe the process of -- it's a very stakeholder-rich process. That process will take us into probably mid-2020 before the new IRP is finalized. And that IRP process will bring forward the multiple ideas and multiple options in terms of how to meet the generation needs going forward. And then that process will conclude with some recommendations and ultimately the filing on our behalf of equivalent of CPCNs for the solution that we believe is aligned with the stakeholders and the commission. So we would then begin the process of requesting certain elements of generation. Exactly what that looks like is to be determined. We do know that the commission would like to see smaller, more discrete projects in there as a way of hedging against uncertainties in the future. But we do believe given our experience with the last IRP that the alternatives represent investment that are similar to the total investment we had represented in this case. The time frame may change slightly but the amount of investment that we think is needed to achieve our future state, we think is likely to be similar to what we were looking at. 
Scott Prochazka: Yes. I think our confidence at their rate base is reasonably high. We were successful in putting together a project for 50 megawatts of solar that we will have in rate base. And we think that type -- a similar type of approach can provide us rate base opportunities. There may be some element of PPA in there, but we think the preferred path, the one that would be best overall, would be investments that go on a rate base. 
Scott Prochazka: Greg, I'll just add to Joe's comments. In the first quarter of '18, when we were able to capitalize on some extreme weather, we essentially utilized the capacity of the storage that we had during the first quarter. And we then spend the balance of the year kind of refilling inventory and refilling storage, which means you don't have opportunities to optimize, whereas in this year, we weren't optimizing as much in the first quarter, those assets are available to us to optimize and we've already begun to sign up commitments for that margin for the latter half of the year. 
Scott Prochazka: Yes. Greg, you said it very well. That's the message we were wanting to get across. We absolutely believe that there is a similar investment opportunity to meet those needs. It's just a matter of what it looks like, what those pieces look like and some element of timing given the timing impacts of going through another IRP before we begin to make those investments. 
Scott Prochazka: So I'll take the second one first. The second part of your question, the seasonality is such that the first quarter is always a very weak quarter for them, in that the majority of their contribution is in what I consider the more construction-friendly times of year of second, third quarter and part of fourth. So the first is traditionally their weakest. And I think we've referenced that in my comments, trying to do a comparison of what performance looked like this year versus last year, even though last year was under the ownership of Vectren. And remind me what your first question was. 
Scott Prochazka: So the best way to think of it now is the amount of contracts that are in place that are to be addressed over the coming 12-month period and that is a -- it's an important measure on kind of a relative basis to what it's been in prior quarters. So as the backlog has grown, it suggests there's more demand in the coming 12 months, more commitments in the coming 12 months than we had in the prior -- maybe the prior look at it. So the backlog is approaching $1 billion at the moment. Forget what the number was last year, it was probably a little -- $750 million, mid-7s type thing. We constantly have new projects that are rolling into the gas distribution type business. Some of those contracts roll off. Some of them get updated and renewed. And then we have new contracts that show up in the transmission side of the business, some contracts roll off and then other ones roll on. One of the big drivers for the sizable increase was a single large project that was contracted at the end of this past year and that's reflected in the numbers. But both the distribution work and the transmission work are both up from the last time this was reported. 
Scott Prochazka: No. I mean we've commented each time we meet that we appreciate Enable's performance and their contribution that they make to us. We know that, that market is challenged at the moment. The capital markets are challenged there. But we're pleased with Enable's performance and the contribution they are making to us. I think that's probably the best way to summarize it. 
Scott Prochazka: Yes, integration is going extremely well. As we mentioned earlier, we've taken the necessary actions to begin achieving our targeted synergies. And we've also put in place the management structure to begin operating the businesses that have overlapped combination, like our gas LDC businesses. So that's all been put together. So we're operating it as a single business, which is what helps drive the performance that we expect for customers. It also helps drive the financial performance that we've targeted. So integration has been going very well in my opinion. 
Scott Prochazka: Yes. The project was the result of the 2016 IRP, and -- but as you go through that IRP process and you present your findings, there's input provided and commentary. There is no approval, if you will, of the IRP. There's just a recognition of the merits of different options and then we proceed with filing our request for investment that we want to make against that IRP. Clearly, our views was that it was the low-cost solution. But I think the difference in time between when the IRP started in '16 and when it -- and where we find ourselves today, that the commission understands we need to make investment, but they wanted to see the investment made in a way other than a bet on one single large plant. Now you ask the question, is it possible that commissions can change their mind? We all know that's the case. So what we plan to do with this next revision is take the direction that they provided about the future and modify our thinking and plans in a way that aligns with the direction they gave us. And our hope is that when we get to the point of submitting requests for investment and recovery that we will minimize the chances that they will not be supportive of that. 
Scott Prochazka: They don't do it until you actually file the CPCN and the filing goes through of that particular request for that particular asset. 
Scott Prochazka: So Insoo, let me try to clarify -- the benefits is as we talk about guidance for 2019 we are excluding the cost to achieve. So those are excluded from our guidance EPS. When we get to 2020, our EPS guidance range that we have provided is inclusive of those costs to achieve. Now what we said on the last call was $75 million to $100 million in 2020 of benefit and what we didn't clarify until now is what we believe the costs to achieve number would look like in 2020. So here we've just provided an update to that of $15 million to $25 million of expected costs to achieve in 2020. That's a new number that is really kind of an offset to the $75 million to $100 million that we provided. And it's the -- all of that is inclusive in the range that we gave, our earnings range for 2020. 
Scott Prochazka: That's the right way to think about it. You could for the year if you're wondering what the net was, it's closer to the delta between those. And as you think about going beyond 2020 then cost to achieve is lower in 2021, for example. 
Xia Liu: Greg, I would add that for the smaller scale projects, solar for instance, the spending curve is much shorter. So remember that $850 million, very little is in 2020 and before. So the majority of that was in '21 and '23. So if we replace with smaller scale projects, the timing may work out, we just don't know that yet. But smaller scale typically take shorter period to finish. 
Xia Liu: On Slide 23 we provided you with the year-to-date spend. So year-to-date we spent a little over $110 million. And I think that's roughly half of what we plan to spend for the year. 
Xia Liu: Sure, absolutely. The majority of the $0.15 is related to 2 things. One is the merger financing. If you remember we had a combination of seniors note, commercial paper, perpetual preferred, convertible and common equity. So the combination of those merger financing is roughly about $0.12 out of that $0.15. Additionally, we took on some more Vectren debt. So that was the interest expense that we didn't have same quarter last year. And we issued some new debt at Houston Electric. But the majority of the $0.15 is related to the merger financing. 
