Scott M. Prochazka: Thank you, Carla, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. As Carla mentioned, this morning we will be referring to slides during our call. They can be located on our website under the Investors section. I'll start with slide four. This morning, we reported first quarter 2015 earnings of $131 million, or $0.30 per diluted share, compared with $185 million, or $0.43 per diluted share in 2014. Using the same basis that we use when providing guidance, first quarter 2015 adjusted earnings would have also been $0.30 per diluted share compared to $0.40 for 2014. On a guidance basis, utility operations contributed $0.22 per diluted share and midstream investments contributed $0.08. Compared to baseline earnings of $0.21 per diluted share for the first quarter of 2014, which Bill will discuss in more detail, utility operations' earnings are up 4.8%. This is consistent with utility EPS guidance provided earlier this year. Our utility operations continue to perform well, supported by growing service territories, robust capital investment, constructive regulatory environments, and limited business risk. These dynamics allow utility operations to be the ballast of our diversified portfolio, and will help to continue to provide earnings growth. Weather-related impacts across all of our businesses caused most of the variability this quarter. Tracy, Joe, and Bill will share more details about this and other drivers for the quarter. Despite the challenges that midstream companies have recently experienced due to lower energy commodity prices, we continue to see opportunity in this space and believe that Enable Midstream Partners is well-positioned to succeed. Drilling technology has fundamentally changed the landscape of the energy market as well as the role the United States plays in the global energy and feedstock market. We believe domestic and global demand coupled with continued progress towards greater energy independence will require significant capital investment in infrastructure. Enable remains well-positioned to participate in this infrastructure build-out, as evidenced by their recent completion of the Bradley Processing Plant in the SCOOP as well as the Bear Den crude and produced water gathering system in the Bakken. Last week, Enable announced their acquisition of Monarch Natural Gas gathering assets in the Cleveland Sands Play and has stated it is immediately accretive. Early indications show that the Houston economy remained strong, despite press coverage regarding recently announced lay-offs in the energy sector. Houston Electric's meter count increased by more than 11,000 in the first quarter, which equates to an annualized growth rate of 2%, this is consistent with employment and other economic data we are seeing. According to the Greater Houston Partnership, last year the Houston Metro area led the nation by adding a record-setting 157,000 residents between July of 2013 and July of 2014. The partnership forecasts the addition of 120,000 new residents in 2015. Our projected capital spending remains on target for the year at $1.5 billion, a 9% increase over 2014. We continue to utilize timely recovery mechanisms as well as rate case proceedings to help ensure effective and timely return on our investments. Tracy and Joe will provide additional color on a number of these. Before I wrap-up, let me note that CenterPoint continues to be recognized for its strong customer service. We were recently ranked first in the Midwest region and second in the South region among the largest natural gas utilities in the U.S. for operational satisfaction in a 2014 Cogent Report conducted by Market Strategies International. This report evaluated residential brand trust and engagement and the results reinforce our ongoing strategy to utilize technology to improve the customer experience. We continue to focus on safe, reliable and efficient operations coupled with improved services for our customers as our path to success and value creation for our shareholders. I will now ask Tracy to discuss electric operations.
Scott M. Prochazka: Yeah. Ali, the question you asked about – the first one you had asked about our dividend growth rate. As you know, we had pulled back from providing multiple years based on Enable's reduction, in terms of the period they were looking forward. We'll be in a better position to articulate a growth rate. Once Enable is able to provide a little bit more clarity on their future growth, in other words, beyond 2015. At this point, they've said that they anticipate being able to provide more projection on their second quarter call. So, that's when we should have more information. I will tell you though that just from a dividend standpoint, we've remained committed to providing a secured competitive and growing dividend, and we're going to keep focused on that. Hopefully, we'll be able to provide a little bit greater clarity on what that growth rate looks like, once we get some more information from Enable.
Scott M. Prochazka: Our ownership plans are staying as they are, Ali. We have Enable as part of our portfolio. They're important part of our portfolio. We see great opportunity for them to take advantage of what's going on in the marketplace today. They've got a solid balance sheet. There's good opportunities ahead of them. I personally believe the infrastructure space is going to be – it's going to continue to be built out for a number of reasons. So, I think there's good growth opportunity there. And I would hate to offer hypothesized considerations on alternatives, when our focus right now is to make sure that Enable is performing well and is capitalizing on the opportunities that they have in front of them.
Scott M. Prochazka: Hey Matt, the benefit, we saw on the first quarter was technically favorable, but it was fairly negligible. It was fairly small. It was colder than normal, you are correct, but it was fairly negligible on a normal – comparing it to normal. The bigger consideration is, as you've noted and that is a substantial impact to the negative when compared to last year's rather severe winter.
Scott M. Prochazka: We're fairly confident that that's going to pass, it has been approved by both the House and Senate. It's on the Governor's desk at the moment. So, we're anticipating a passage by the end of the second quarter.
Scott M. Prochazka: Yeah. Just echoing Bill's comments, we have clearly been impacted by the change in forecast that Enable has shared with us, and what we're really waiting for is some additional clarity from them as to what the future holds as they get more information in from their producers. That said, they have specific levers that they can use to help manage cash flows. We have specific levers as well that we can use to help manage cash flows. And as Bill said, our objective is to have a dividend that is competitive, it's secure, and it's growing. And that's what we're going to focus on.
Scott M. Prochazka: Well, we haven't provided direction on that, but one way to think about it is, if their growth rate is less than what they had originally forecasted over the long-term, they'll have some levers internally that they can use to help manage the actual cash flows and distributions. And then, we have some levers internally as well to ensure that we're working towards providing a dividend that's competitive with our peers. And so, we've got some levers here, they have some levers. So, even if their growth rate they project comes down, we both have some levers we can use to help manage the growth of the dividend appropriately.
Scott M. Prochazka: And, John, I want to point out too just remind you, that we do have good utility growth over this period. So, we've got good support from our utilities for growth of the dividend as well.
Scott M. Prochazka: I think the overall payout for the company probably is high, but when you look at the component parts, the utility is still on a fairly reasonable range of payout.
Scott M. Prochazka: Yeah, Lauren, this is Scott, I'll answer that one for you. Most of our investment on transmission is right around our footprint. So, the nature of investment is either within the footprint, where we're building investing in transmission and substations for industrial growth, which is kind of the other big theme in terms of transmission investment. Beyond that, the next – kind of the next wave of potential investment might be for additional import capabilities, but that would be many, many years out into the future and really going to have to be a function of evaluation done at that time about the balance between growing demand in the load pocket and the amount of generation that's available locally.
Scott M. Prochazka: Yeah, Jeremy. That's an interesting space. We have actually been looking at REITs and examining the many issues around them as you well know. Looking for opportunities, where REIT structure could be value enhancing for either our customers or the rate payers, I'm sorry – or the investors. And what we're seeing so far is, while this is interesting, there's still a number of complications in regulatory issues that we think make this space more challenging than opportunistic; but that said, we're going to keep exploring and keep looking at how that area develops to see if it could represent opportunity for us.
Tracy B. Bridge: Thank you, Scott. Houston Electric had a solid quarter consistent with our expectations. First quarter 2015 core operating income was $68 million compared with $75 million for the same period last year. The business benefited from higher net transmission related revenue and strong customer growth. These benefits were more than offset by the impacts of milder weather, reduced equity return primarily related to true-up proceeds and lower right-of-way revenue. Importantly, growth continues to be strong. Houston Electric added more than 11,000 metered customers during the first quarter of 2015 and if annualized this represents 2% meter growth. On page six, we show a chart contrasting oil prices, employment and residential metered customers in the Houston area since 1980. This chart shows steady customer growth, despite large swings in oil prices and smaller variations in employment. We believe long-term annual customer growth of 2% will be supported by Houston's diversified economy and culture as well as mild winters and a low cost of living. Houston Electric continues to focus on O&M expense management even as we address customer growth and robust capital spending. During the first quarter of 2015, Houston Electric's O&M increased less than 2% versus the first quarter of 2014. This growth rate excludes certain expenses, which have revenue offsets. Next, I will update you on our 345-kV transmission project, which we call the Brazos Valley Connection detailed on slide seven. On April 24, we filed an application for a Certificate of Convenience and Necessity with the Public Utility Commission of Texas. We estimate the total project cost will be between $276 million and $383 million, depending on the route approved by the PUC. We expect the PUC will issue a final order in the fourth quarter, addressing all issues including which route should be used. Upon final approval, we will begin construction and anticipate completing the project no later than mid-2018. The new import project will improve the capacity of the Texas electric grid, strengthen regional transmission capabilities, and help support growing demand in the greater Houston area. Turning to capital cost recovery mechanisms, our transmission capital costs are recovered via transmission cost to service or TCOS filings. The rate adjustment from our fourth quarter 2014 TCOS filing totaling over $23 million annually went into effect on February 25. We anticipate making the two allowed TCOS filings this year. For Distribution Capital Cost Recovery, you will see on slide eight, that we filed on April 6, to increase rates by $16.7 million annually, using for the first time the Distribution Cost Recovery Factor mechanism or DCRF. We expect the decision in July, and have requested that rates become effective on September 1. I would also like to note that legislative authority for the DCRF mechanism currently sunsets on January 1, 2017; and as a result, we have been working to get the legislation extended. The DCRF sunset extension bills, which move the sunset to September 1, 2019, have successfully passed through the Texas House and Senate and we anticipate enactment by the end of the second quarter. I will conclude by highlighting our successful Smart Meter deployment and ongoing Intelligent Grid implementation referenced on slide nine. In addition to reducing costs, these projects deliver additional reliability and efficiency benefits, provide enhanced customer functionality and help the environment. As a result of this Smart Meter project, our customers have saved over $23 million per year in service fees. Additionally, residential customer surcharge covering part of the cost of the Smart Meter project will end this month reducing overall customer rates, which are already among the most competitive in the nation. Further, since the beginning of this project, we have saved more than one million gallons of fuel, avoided 9,300 metric tons of CO2 and restored power to nearly 1.2 million customers without a phone call. CenterPoint is at the forefront of the industry in this area and we are proud of our environmental contributions and our ability to manage expenses through the use of this technology. I am pleased with Houston Electric's first quarter performance. Growth remains strong and we will continue to focus on delivering safe, reliable and efficient service. Joe will now update you on the results for gas operations.
Tracy B. Bridge: We have two sizeable generation interveners in that proceeding, one is Calpine and the other is NRG. It's not a surprise to us, they've filed a complaint at the PUC relative to the methodology that ERCOT used to determine the critical need for this asset, but this is all in the course of business. So, we'll see how it plays out, I still like our chances very much.
Tracy B. Bridge: Good morning, Matt. It could land somewhere in between, to answer your question directly. The low-end is more related to a direct route, which could be selected by the PUC. The high-end is to take account of the fact that there are more than 30 routes proposed as alternatives for the PUC to consider. And, if you imagine some 90 degree angles and some different transmission structures, the cost goes up as the variance from a straight line and from traditional construction standards vary. So, back to the answer, the answer is, it could be somewhere in between. We've said fairly consistently that $300 million is our best estimate, but this is a more precise range depending on the route, and the actual construction materials that have to be used based on the route.
Tracy B. Bridge: Lauren, this is Tracy. I'll build on Joe's point, because it's a similar story. I touched on the very significant capital projects we have, we've completed our Smart Meter deployment of 2.3 million meters in 2012, and we're in the process of deploying our Intelligent Grid. That automates what was previously very manually-intensive processes. So, that definitely helps us convert manual expense-driven things into capital-driven things. And also customer service on the electric side, the best example we have there is Power Alert Service. We have 400,000 of our 2.3 million customers enrolled in this voluntary program and it allows us to proactively send them messages on what we know, when we know it, so that they don't have to call us. And if they don't have to call us, we don't have to have as much customer service expense and customer satisfaction increases. So, discipline, efficiency, substituting capital for expense, those are all themes that we continue to drive.
Tracy B. Bridge: Charles, the answer is no, we don't foresee any issues with that. We think it will be enacted into law by the end of the second quarter. Both bills are identical. They've passed the House and have passed the Senate in Texas. And as Scott said, we're simply waiting for enactment. So, we don't see any issues with the continuation of that legislative authority.
Joseph B. McGoldrick: Thank you, Tracy. Our natural gas operations, which includes both our gas utilities and our non-regulated energy services business also had a solid quarter in line with our expectations. Natural gas utilities' first quarter 2015 operating income was $146 million compared with the $162 million for the same period last year, while energy services reported operating income of $13 million this quarter compared with $26 million last year During the quarter, our natural gas utilities business continued to benefit from rate relief and customer growth. Robust economies in our service territories led the addition of approximately 37,000 new customers year-over-year, and we are on track for continuing our 1% growth in 2015. We were also successful in controlling O&M expenses. These benefits were more than offset by decrease in usage related to less extreme weather in 2015, compared to 2014, higher depreciation and amortization and higher property taxes. Although, heating degree days were higher than normal across our service territories, they were significantly lower than the first quarter of last year. As a reminder, since 2007, we have hedged winter weather at our LDCs in those jurisdictions, where we do not have weather normalization adjustments. Normally, the hedges mitigate significant year-over-year fluctuations. However, weather in the first quarter of 2014 was so cold; we exceeded the cap on that hedge by the end of January 2014. As a result, we were un-hedged in February and March of 2014 and booked significant income from weather-related usage in those two months. This variance alone accounted for $9 million of the operating income decline in the first quarter of 2015. Additionally, the capital investments we're making to meet growth and ensure system reliability and safety, have increased depreciation and amortization expenses. These higher D&A expenses will be recovered through rate recovery mechanisms and rate cases. In addition, operating income was reduced $3 million in the first quarter of 2015, as compared to the same quarter in 2014, due to a change in a customer charge in our last Minnesota rate case. This reduction is primarily timing related and will reverse in subsequent quarters as the higher customer charge has the effect of smoothing revenues throughout the year. As indicated on slide 11, we have made and will make several important regulatory filings in 2015. These filings represent a combination of rate cases and the annual recovery mechanisms and are intended to compensate us for a substantial investment made to better serve our growing customer base. We filed a Texas Coast rate case in late March seeking a nearly $7 million increase. We expect that Texas Railroad Commission will issue a final order in the fourth quarter of this year. Once the Texas Coast case is finalized, we expect to utilize GRIP, the annual infrastructure recovery mechanism to recover future incremental capital investment, which will help reduce regulatory lag. We also made GRIP filings in our Texas jurisdictions during the first quarter seeking a combined annual increase in rates of $10 million in two of those jurisdictions. Additionally, we plan to file rate cases in Minnesota during the third quarter and in Arkansas during the fourth quarter. The majority of the increases will be reflected in 2016 results and we'll update you on the specifics later in the year. As noted on slide 12, Act 725 was recently passed by the Arkansas Legislature and we believe this new law will benefit our utility operations in future years. We have worked closely with the Arkansas PUC and its staff over the years and utilizing multiple alternative rate mechanisms. Act 725 allows the utility to move away from filing multiple annual mechanisms to requesting a comprehensive formula rate plan that includes a forward test year with annual true-up of rates around a banded ROE. We view this regulatory option is positive with the potential to reduce regulatory lag in Arkansas and recover capital investment in a more timely manner. Turning to our non-regulated energy services business, the first quarter's results included $4 million mark-to-market loss compared with a $4 million gain the previous year. The remaining decrease was margin-related, resulting primarily from reduced weather-related optimization opportunities compared with the first quarter of 2014. Our energy services business continue to grow its retail customers at a solid pace adding over 800 commercial and industrial customers or a 5% increase over last year. This was a solid quarter, despite the impact of quarter-over-quarter weather variances and again consistent with our expectations. We continue to focus on delivering safe and reliable natural gas as well as creating first rate customer experiences by providing customers with more choices and customized services. I'll now turn the call over to the Bill Rogers, who'll cover financial activities.
Joseph B. McGoldrick: Yes. Thanks, Scott. And good morning, Ali. I'll take this question and answer it in two parts, if I can. It's unclear as to the direction of the tax rate. Enable has provided where they expect to invest in 2015 as well as their distributions in 2015. The effective tax rate to CenterPoint in future years will depend upon the rate of Enable's investment as well as any changes or what's in effect at the time on the tax code. We have provided a forecast to you as to what that could be and that is over the next five years approximately 25%. But, that will go up and down depending upon how much Enable invest.
Joseph B. McGoldrick: I'll start, Lauren. In our gas business for years now, we've been investing in capital that's had the effect of making us more efficient operationally. And I think, if you were in New York in June, we showed a pretty low growth rate in our O&M over the last several years. And we don't expect that to be much more than 2% or so over the next several years, as we continue to take advantage of that. Good example is our customer service. We've made a lot of investment in technology and in systems there. And so, we're bringing down the unit cost of fielding calls and taking care of our customers and we've taken advantage of all of that. And not to mention as we spend more capital. More of our labor is capitalized as opposed to expense. So, those are a few of the factors that'll help us control O&M.
William D. Rogers: So, Carl, good morning. Thank you. So, it's not so much that was reduced in 2015 as it was that we were earning more than forecast in 2014.
William D. Rogers: John, this is Bill. I'll start out with that, and if Scott cares to add comments he'll follow. As Scott said, we recognized the importance of a secure and competitive dividend as well as a growing dividend. We also recognize the volatility of earnings growth rates in the midstream sector, but we have to accept that this volatility does not necessarily translate into a volatile growth rate and dividends, as we seek value in a stable, consistent payout and growth rate.
William D. Rogers: Sure. I mean John, clearly, the declaration of the dividend and the longer-term growth rate is something the board studies hard, and they make the declarations. We don't want to get ahead of our board on this. But, we recognize that the levers that we have are not only the strength of our balance sheet, but taking a look at other factors that go into our financial statements.
