David Mordy: Thank you, [Kia] and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our third quarter 2017 earnings conference call. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; and Bill Rogers, Executive Vice President and CFO; will discuss our third quarter 2017 results and provide highlights on other key areas. Also with us this morning, are Tracy Bridge, Executive Vice President and President of our Electric Division; Scott Doyle, Senior Vice President of Natural Gas Distribution; and Joe McGoldrick, Senior Vice President of Energy Services. Tracy, Scott and Joe will be available during the Q&A portion of our call. In conjunction with our call, we will be using slides, which can be found under the Investors section on our website, centerpointenergy.com. For a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing earnings guidance in today's call, please refer to our earnings news release and our slides. They have been posted on our website, as has our Form 10-Q. Please note that we may announce material information using SEC filings, news releases, public conference calls, webcasts and posts to the Investors section of our website. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to communicate important information and encourage you to review the information on our website. Today, management will discuss certain topics containing projections and forward-looking information that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors, including weather variations, regulatory actions, economic conditions and growth, commodity prices, changes in our service territories and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We will also discuss our guidance for 2017. The guidance range considers Utility Operations performance to-date and certain significant variables that may impact earnings, such as weather, regulatory and judicial proceedings, throughput, commodity prices, effective tax rate and financing activities. In providing this guidance, the company uses a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share, that does not include other potential impacts, such as changes in accounting standards or unusual items, earnings or losses from the change in the value of the Zero-Premium Exchangeable Subordinated Notes or ZENS securities and the related stocks, or the timing effects of mark-to-market accounting in the company's Energy Services business. The guidance range also considers such factors as Enable's most recent public forecast and effective tax rates. Before Scott begins, I would like to mention that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. I’d now like to turn this call over to Scott.
David Mordy: Thank you, Bill. We will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time, I will ask you limit yourself to one question then a follow-up.
David Mordy: And I believe Michael was the final question. So thank you everyone for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We will now conclude our third quarter 2017 earnings call. Have a great day.
Bill Rogers: Thank you, Scott. I will start with a review of the financial impact of hurricane Harvey on slide 14. As noted, Harvey was a balance sheet of that, not an income statement event for our company. Our current estimate is that the restoration effort for Houston Electric will cost between $110 million and $120 million. We expect a third of that amount will likely be covered through claims under our property insurance programs. Remaining cost will be recovered either through capital mechanisms or through regulatory assets and our next general rate case proceedings. We are estimating we will have $25 million to $30 million of restoration costs for gas distribution. We anticipate that the majority of those costs will be recovered by claims under our property insurance programs. Next, I will provide a quarter-to-quarter operating income work for our Electric T&D and natural gas distribution segments, followed by EPS drivers for Utility Operations and then our consolidated business on a guidance basis. I will begin with Houston Electric on slide 15. Rate relief and continued 2% customer growth translated into a $12 million and $9 million favourable variance respectively for the quarter. This revenue growth was more than offset by return to more normal weather, lower equity return and lower right-of-way revenue. Usage declined on a quarter-to-quarter basis resulting in a $12 million negative variance. Equity return was lower by $9 million and miscellaneous revenue, primarily right-of-way was lower by $7 million. Core operating income is shown on the chart to provide a better view of the growth excluding the change in equity return. On that basis, Houston Electric’s core operating income increased from $212 million to $216 million, a $4 million improvement on a period-to-period basis despite reductions due to weather. Turning to slide 16, natural gas distribution operating income for the third quarter was $19 million compared to $22 million for the same period last year. The business benefited from $5 million of rate relief and $2 million from customer growth. Usage was down $4 million due primarily to the timing of revenue recognition associated with the use of decoupling normalization adjustments. The net increase in revenues and gas distribution were more than offset by $6 million increases in depreciation, amortization and other taxes. Excluding mark-to-market adjustments, operating income for our energy services business declined from $7 million in the third quarter of 2016 to $5 million for the third quarter of 2017. Higher operating costs were primarily the result of $2 million of expenses related to the acquisition and integration of Atmos Energy Marketing. Our quarter-to-quarter utility operations guidance basis EPS walk begins on slide 17. The decline in EPS and utility operations from $0.31 in 2016 to $0.28 in 2017 is a result of previously discussed lower operating income, a decrease in equity return and a collection of other items which include income taxes and other income. Our consolidated guidance EPS comparison is on slide 18. Earnings decline from $0.41 in third quarter 2016 to $0.38 in third quarter 2017 as a result of the decrease in EPS contributions from utility operations. We anticipate strong performance for the remainder of 2017 with customer growth, rate relief, energy services and our midstream segment, all contributing to year-on-year growth. Turning to slide 19, we continue to expect $1.5 billion in capital investment in 2017. Our financial strength is evidenced by recent positive rating agency actions. In September Fitch upgraded CEHE senior secured notes to a rating of A+ in addition both Fitch and Standard & Poor's revise her outlook to positive for CNP and CERC. We value a strong balance sheet and we’re pleased to see the upgrade. As previously discussed we are not forecasting a need for equity in either 2017 or 2018. With respect to our effective income tax rate although the third quarter increase to 37% we continue to anticipate a full year 2017 tax rate of 36%. On slide 20 we summarize year-to-date performance. In short, we have $0.07 of improvement from utility operations and $0.07 of improvement from midstream investments versus this time last year. This strong year to-date performance sets us up well to achieve our full-year 2017 financial objectives. As Scott commented earlier, we anticipate we will be at or near the high-end of our $1.25 to a $1.33 guidance range for 2017. Finally, we recognize that our federal legislators are hard at work at tax reform and yesterday provided the reconciliation bill under the tax cuts and jobs act. Although it's premature to take a view on eventual tax reform if at all we have provided a review of CenterPoint’s tax position in the appendix materials in the investor slides that accompany this call. I will now turn the call back over to David.
Bill Rogers: Certainly, you are correct. And that we are a cash tax payer at CenterPoint. And like other companies we do look for opportunities to accelerate deductions and differ revenue recognition.
Bill Rogers: I don’t think we would comment on this time with respect to strategies that we have and was certainly continue to take a look at proposals at the tax reform in Congress.
Bill Rogers: Greg, you’re correct. And that last year, 2016, our cash tax was mid single digits or 5%. This year its approaching closer to 20%.
Bill Rogers: Greg, if you’re asking about 2017, the answer to that is yes. We just take their contributions or their projections and roll that into our numbers.
Bill Rogers: Yes. Neel, this has been admittedly a long process, so we think as we come to the end of this we will communicate the outcome irrespective of what it is.
Bill Rogers: Well, I think the best way answer that is for a cash transaction to work it would have to be a price that would allow us to accomplish all of our objectives. So, I think we said on earlier calls the most likely outcome would be something that is not a cash transaction, a cash sale transaction.
Bill Rogers: Ali, good morning, it's Bill. I think you're referring to some slides that we put out in September at an investor conference whereas you put it, we had some known and measurable events which included growth in our electric business, rate relief in our electric business has approved and has filed flat for the gas business and then increases in energy services as well as equity return. Then I think you're right to say that that did not include any additional rate relief nor did it incorporate the earnings forecast that Enable’s put out the Wednesday of this week. All of which to say is, those of the items that give us comfort to saying we will be at the higher end of that 4% to 6% guidance.
Bill Rogers: So Freeport is clearly a large component of that. We hope to get support from ERCOT by the end of the year and assuming that happens and we’ll enter the process with the PUC early next year. But in addition to that we are thinking about other opportunities associated with growth. Growth needs in the area and reliability and hardening investments as well the area.
Bill Rogers: Right. Shahriar, its Bill. You’re right. So OGE has a right of first to offer opportunity and may exercise that right in August as you said. We need to -- if we accept another offer that has to be completed within 180 days and that offer does have to be higher by 105% are greater than OG&E’s offer.
Bill Rogers: Michael, its Bill. I would say that both gas and electric are biased to go higher by a similar amount. Admittedly gas is a smaller percentage of the total capital program. The gas business or more programs as we think about pipe replacement, so that’s a more levelized capital investment. The electric business and our visibility of that tends to be front end loaded and to the extent that we have large transmission projects such as Brazos Valley or Freeport have visibility into that. So we get biased on the front end of the electric business because we can see the growth in the Houston Metropolitan area.
Scott Prochazka: So, what we’ve done is we’ve given a view as to what we believe 2018 would look like. And we incorporate what Enable has articulated in terms of their views of 2018 relative to 2017, which they provided a couple days ago.
Scott Prochazka: Neel, we anticipate since as Bill indicated the financial effects of the storm are primarily balance sheet driven. We anticipate that we will be able to file a DCRF or said another way that our year-end return will be below our latter return of [10].
Scott Prochazka: So, we see this as a great complement to our utility business. So, we see this business growing as our core business – our other core businesses are growing. Today it's kind of mid single digits in terms of percent earnings contribution to our overall mix. We see that staying in about the same place. In other words we see this business growing as our utilities are growing.
Scott Prochazka: We’re very pleased with the additions that we’ve made. It certainly created for some nice critical mass for this business. So we’ve got some work to do to fully absorb and integrate this. But we don’t comment on M&A, but we look for opportunities that are value creating to grow each of our businesses.
Scott Prochazka: No. There’s nothing to read into that. We’re trying to communicate the same message as we did last quarter.
Scott Prochazka: We do book revenues as we receive them, starting when the interim rates went into effect on October 1st.
Scott Prochazka: Ali, I’ll start with this. Bill may want to add little color to it. I think the way I would think about this is -- our objective as we said early on was to if we did anything it would be in the context of keeping our investors whole or achieving our financial objectives. So, our objective would be through whatever we do we would still continue to target our growth objectives as we laid them out for you.
Scott Prochazka: We haven't given any indications beyond 2018 at this point. But we are preparing to share more of our views in the outer years at our year-end call. So we’re developing that thinking. Certainly the need for capital spending help support a good growth rate, but we’ll be better prepared to communicate what we think that looks like out end in the future at our year-end call.
Scott Prochazka: Charles, we’ve done some of that in the past. We haven’t put together our projections yet, but we will contemplate providing disclosure on that, as well as the what we think our capital spending is.
Scott Prochazka: Steve, I’ll go back to what our initial objective was and that was to reduce our exposure to commodity, variability, by our investment in midstream, we would still continue to look for opportunities to reduce our exposure in that space. That said, I mean you bring up very valid points about the market conditions and as we’ve said in the past as we consider the sale of units we have to be extremely mindful of what is actually going on in respect to the markets.
Scott Prochazka: Well we are not going to go – it’s not going to go 50% higher I can tell you that. It’s not that kind of adjustment but it’s also not I would say it’s not insignificant. I mean, we’ve mentioned this because the opportunities we are looking are significant enough to disclose and mention, but we just don’t have the plan yet finalized. So, I had characterized it as meaningful but not a doubling of our current capital plan.
Scott Prochazka: Michael, we are actually looking at changes to both of the businesses. So I don’t know what the percentage numbers would be like, but there I would say they are meaningful for both segments.
Scott Prochazka: Well certainly our mechanisms help us minimize regulatory lag, but you’re correct to say with higher capital on the margin that regulatory lag increases. It’s not something that we worry about at this point in time; I think it’s very manageable.
