Philip Holder: Good morning, everyone. Welcome to CenterPoint 's earnings conference call. David Lesar, our CEO, Jason Wells, our CFO, will discuss the Company's Third Quarter 2021 results. Management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and other forward-looking information and statements that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions, and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties.  Actual results could differ materially based upon various factors as noted in our Form 10-Q, on our SEC filings, and our earnings materials. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statements. We will also discuss non-GAAP EPS, referred to as utility EPS, earnings guidance, and our utility earnings growth target. In providing these financial performance metrics and guidance, we use a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share.  For information on our guidance methodology in the reconciliation of non-GAAP measures used in providing guidance, please refer to our earnings news release and presentation. Both of which can be found under the Investors section on our website. As a reminder, we may use our website to announce material information. This call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. Now, I would like to turn the discussion over to Dave.
Philip Holder: Thank you, Dave. We will now take a few questions, being mindful of today's earnings schedule and the upcoming EEI conference.
Philip Holder: Again, thank you everyone for joining us today and for your interest in CenterPoint. We look forward to seeing you all at EEI.
David Lesar: Thank you, Jason. As you heard from us today and others from our full management team during the Analyst Day the outlook for CenterPoint just keeps getting better. As I said, we now have six quarters of meeting or exceeding expectations, but we believe there is much more to come. We are demonstrating the pathway to premium and we hope that you will be on board with us as a shareholder when that happens.
David Lesar: Well, look, I hope you got a sense today of how confident we are in the business or the direction that the business is going at this point in time. And I think that we're starting to hit on cylinders. So, I agree, we we're in a transition. But I think going to transition to, what we believe ought to be, a premium utility. So, I think if you listened to what we said today and let me boil it down into pretty simple terms, whatever we do this year, we will do 8% more than next year. Whatever we do next year, we'll do 8% more of the year after that, and etc., as we outlined during our Analyst Day. But we've got a lot of tailwinds behind us right now, and we really, really like where we are.
David Lesar: Yeah, I think that if you set a step back and take a look at 50,000 -- the sort of 50,000-foot level, the stand and direction and strategy the Company is to bias us toward the electric side of our business. Part of it is that coal transition certainly helps that because of the capital that it is going to absorb. And as we've said at our Analyst Day, and we've said in some of our prior calls, we don't need equity to execute this 10-year plan, but if other opportunities did come up, we know the inherent value of the remaining gas LDC s, And I could look to them as a source of liquidity. But I think bottom line is we're biased toward electric, and that is the way we will continue to drift. I'm not going to put a prediction out there as to what that ratio will be over time. But directionally, that's where we're headed.
David Lesar: I think it's a couple of things. One is just getting sort of final resolution and clarity around the new tools in the tool box with respect to the Texas legislative process. We highlighted today the temporary generation, for instance, that we've moved very, very quickly on those kinds of things, would absorb some of that additional billion-dollar in sort of contingent capital that we laid out on our Analyst Day. And the other just -- the other issue is going to be just findings sufficient crews and labor and parts and inventory and those kinds of things out there to accelerate it.  So, I think the message we tried to leave at Analyst Day is we have $18 billion plus to spend in the next 5 years, $40 billion plus to spend in the next 10 years. And we will spend that capital as fast as we can reasonably do so as long as it's consistent with rate pressures that we will have, and to spend it efficiently. So again, we've got the wind at our back on many, many things and our capital spend opportunities is certainly one of those.
David Lesar: Look, just like pretty much every other Company and management team in the U.S., we're dealing with supply chain issues, upward pressure on labor costs. But I don't think that we have seen that to such an extent that we are going to say that we can't meet the capital plan. We have every intention and we have every confidence we're going to meet the capital plan. We tried to give a little color to it with respect to that on the call today. We have moved aggressively to tie up more construction crews.  We have expanded our vendor base in and around that area. One of the tools that we got in the new legislative processes, the ability to put long lead time items into inventory and into rate base. So, we're looking at all of those. I think the sort of small slip and capital spend this year really was unrelated to any of that. It really was related to the storms that really pounded into Louisiana. And as all utilities do, we help each other when those situations arise.  And we released a number of our crews that we're focused on capital build for us to help the people in Louisiana get back on their feet. Those crews are now coming back. And as Jason said, we've got a short-term plan in place to catch up on that capital spend. But our longer-term view of tying up crews and making sure we have the long lead time items ordered give us a great deal of confidence that the capital plan we have is and it's going to be achievable.
David Lesar: I'd tell you I didn't think this turn into burial of the Astros. But I appreciate the sentiments. There's always next year remember that.
David Lesar: Thanks, Julien. It's a really unique situation, obviously in Minnesota with the incremental gas costs from [Indiscernible] the fact that we've got a regular rate case scheduled there. And so, while we filed a typical rate case, we thought it was prudent to bring for what we've deemed the great stabilization plan. And I think we -- what it tries to do is build off of what was just a recent settlement of the last rate case filed in Minnesota.  So, keeping similar terms on depreciation rates, cost of capital allows us to recover the capital that we will be spending over the next couple of years to improve the safety of our gas systems. It differs a little bit of the amortization of some regulatory assets for things like COVID-related costs and some of the incremental O&M that we had anticipated. But we think it puts us in a really good position to continue to improve system safety with our capital investment plans, while recognizing the rate impact and trying to moderate that for our customers there in Minnesota. And so early days in terms of conversations with stakeholders, but we hope that it is seeing as constructive solution in the backdrop of what is a unique situation there.
David Lesar: I think maybe just to tease you a little bit. Yes, we're having some dialogue with them on additional transmission lines, but it's really too early to talk about any specifics on it.
Jason Wells: Sure Dave. Thanks for the question, Anthony. As we outlined at Analyst Day, we continue to work within our defined gas procurement plans for each jurisdiction. And as of today, looking across all of our Jurisdiction, we're roughly 60% hedged. Now that we're going into the upcoming winter season and for almost all of those jurisdictions, we've locked in kind of a weighted average cost of gas of somewhere between sort of the mid-3s and high 3s, $3 per MBTU in the majority of our jurisdictions.  And so, feel well-positioned for this upcoming winter season. Obviously, we continue to look at what we can do across the business to ease the burden on our customers. And I think one example of what is the creative alternative rate stabilization plan that we just recently filed in Minnesota. So, we'll continue to look for ways to minimize. the bill impacts. But I feel like we're well prepared coming into this upcoming winter season.
Jason Wells: Insoo, thanks for the question. No, there is no direct limit. And we had talked about previously the need to register those units. Energy Transfer has already undertaken that effort, so we are free to execute contingent for -- up until the close as we have done, once the deal is closed, to the extent that we want to execute a marketed offering, we have to obviously coordinate with Energy Transfer. We have full flexibility to do that after the close of the transaction. And then similarly, we will have the ability to dribble the share. So, I think we're moving to a place, a full control, no limitation on the number of units.
Jason Wells: And good morning, [Indiscernible]. It's Jason here. Look, as we've said at Analyst Day Energy Transfer Enable obviously taking the lead with this in the conversations with the FTC. We're clearly a very interested party and everything that we've observed just gives us confidence that this deal will get close here in the fourth quarter. So, I don't think -- it's probably more of a direct question for Energy Transfer, for how those conversations are going by the day. But as I said, as we observe the progress, we continue to remain confident of a close here in Q4.
Jason Wells: Good morning, Durgesh. It's -- overall, as we look at this first sort of part of our coal transition plan, we're targeting a 50/50 allocation, that is 50% owned renewables, 50% contracted through PPAs for the renewable portion for the first tranche of the coal transition, We had filed originally, as you pointed out and as Dave mentioned in his prepared remarks, an initial tranche of solar that was 75% owned, 25% PPA. We then subsequently filed in the third quarter this year for a 100% PPA solar projects. And so again, as you look through each of these individual filings, we're targeting a 50-50 owned contract target mix for renewables.
Jason Wells: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question, Steven. From a tax standpoint, we are a federal cash tax payer. Right now, as you cut through our financials, there's a lot of one-time items as we've executed on this transition to a pure play regulated utility and we will continue to see that. As you cut through that for us, we are our effective tax rate from a cash tax standpoint. It's somewhere between 8% to 10%. So clearly a minimum tax of 15% would put a little bit of impact or headwind on the financing plan.  We don't think it's certainly something that we can overcome. We don't think it's an impediment to the CapEx plan that we outlined and still feel like we can continue to maintain a strong Balance Sheet as we outline and deliver on our $40-billion capital investment plan. So early days, we'll follow it, probably not as big an impact to us, as maybe some of our peers, just given the fact that we have been a federal cash taxpayer. But obviously, something we will continue to monitor.
