Dave Lesar: As you heard from us today, we now have 13 straight quarters of meeting or exceeding expectations. We are a pure-play regulated premium utility and on a course to continue execution of our current plan with incremental growth opportunities to support our customers beyond that.
Dave Lesar: Yes. Let me give you maybe a 50,000 foot view of how we see the sort of recent legislative outcomes and then Jason can go into more of the details. But clearly, point one would be it was a very successful legislative session that is going to clearly benefit our customers and our other stakeholders and, of course, shareholders over time. I think it's important though to understand that these laws will basically get layered in over different time frames and Jason can add a little color on that. But I think the real point is the one that Chris sort of ended his comments with this is just really another tailwind for CenterPoint going forward. So we really like the outcome. We think it's going to be great for everybody. But Jason, maybe you can give a little more color in and around the timing and potential impact.
Dave Lesar: Yes. How about -- let me -- let Chris answer his first question as a CenterPoint CFO on that one, because he's the one who every day has to track the headwinds and the tailwinds. But I would just say as I think a number of us have reiterated, we believe that the tailwinds are greater than the headwinds on us right now. But I'll let Chris tell you why.
Dave Lesar: Yes. Thanks for the question, Julian. Ultimately, this is going to be defined by the rule making proceeding that's kind of in front of the commission now. Those rules should be established by the end of '23 and then ultimately our filing, but let me just kind of try to put some high-level thoughts around this. I think clearly, some of the investments related to hardening our grid rate potential undergrounding and distribution lines, shorter spans, composite [indiscernible], et cetera, that all fits sort of squarely in the definition of resiliency. I think there's also clearly work that can be incorporated through [indiscernible] management. I think what we need to work with the commission on is maybe some other aspects, including kind of IT-related spending help from an analytical standpoint and/or reduce concern around kind of IT kind of resource availability for weather-related events. And so I think conservatively, you could probably say there's at least $500 million to $1 billion a year of capital at CE that could qualify for that resiliency definition, ultimately, again, it's going to be shaped by the related proceeding in our filing, but probably somewhere in that ZIP code. I think what's important, I think you highlighted it, Julien, the way the mechanisms work here in Texas, the company is eligible for recovering or effectively keeping the growth and revenues associated with customer account increases. And so about half our capital at CE relates to connecting new customers. So if you think about that supports a higher level of revenues, there's really very limited regulatory lag on that growth related capital, where we've historically seen our regulatory lag is on our resiliency related investments having to kind of wait for the capital trackers to come in. By being able to defer the carrying costs of those investments, depreciation, interest, et cetera, between a time we put that capital into service and before we start to recover in rates, we are all but effectively beginning to eliminate regulatory lag at CE. And so I just want to underscore just how important this bill was to continuing to improve our ability to earn at our allowed return at Houston Electric. And so hopefully, that kind of starts to begin to shape a little bit of that resiliency filing, but more to come as the PUCT [ph] works through the rulemaking and we ultimately file first quarter next year.
Dave Lesar: Yes. I guess -- this is Dave. I guess the way I think about it, I think you should think about it is we are in such a great position right now with the assets we have we can just sit back and play offense. We don't have to play defense at this point in time, which really gives us an opportunity to be very opportunistic with our business as we go forward. So I think that, for me, is the bottom line is we really have preserved almost all our optionality on any direction we want to go. And as Jason said, the inbound inquiries we get on essentially every piece of our business continue to be there every day. So we really like where we are, but we really don't have to do anything other than execute, I think, which is the greatest plan that's out there in the utility space.
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks, Dave, and thanks for the question, Jeremy. Clearly, the incremental capital we forwarded [ph] in the plan, the successful legislative session just continue to further strengthen what we believe is already the industry's lest financeable long-term growth plan. Maybe more specifically answer some of your questions, the bills that I highlighted in my prepared remarks, take us -- take a significant step in terms of reducing regulatory lag and helping us or closer to our allowed return when using kind of our year-end rate base. The benefit of the two DCRFs per year will somewhat be a function of the capital spend. But that benefit when you couple it with the recovery of incentive comp should be roughly $0.05 to $0.07 per year. And the earnings benefit for the resiliency bill will obviously be shaped through the rule making proceeding and our eventual filing. But I think a good rule of thumb is it should have at least $0.01 benefit for every $300 million of CapEx eligible for that resiliency definition. And so in terms of kind of when we should feel the impact and timing of those benefits, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we will likely file a second DCRF this year. So that will, on a full year basis, begin impacting earnings in 2024. The remainder of earnings benefits from these recent legislations will likely follow our rate case. So think about those sort of flowing into our plan or in 2025 and beyond. And so at the end of the day, this continues to be yet kind of another tailwind that just further strengthens an already great plan.
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks, Jeremy. It's going to be a busy period of rate case, regulatory activity. Let me just quickly run through those. As we talked about in our prepared comments, we've shifted the timing of our Texas Gas rate case to likely November this year. Right about that same time, we will be filing our Minnesota rate case and Indiana Electric Rate case as well, and then we'll likely follow that with the Houston Electric rate case probably sometime late first quarter next year. And so obviously, there's a number of rate cases that we'll have in front of us. I want to continue to reemphasize though given the great work the company has done managing O&M, I anticipate, particularly in the Texas gas and the Houston Electric rate case, filing a relatively flat revenue requirement increase, which I think will be a constructive signal for resolution of those cases. On the Minnesota Gas case, that's a case we file every 2 years and really just sort of reflects the capital that we intend to spend to modernize our gas system up in Minnesota. And then Indiana Electric, much of the capital that will be subject to that case is already been reviewed as part of some of our regular ongoing files with respect to our grid modernization program as well as our generation transition plan. So while it's a very busy upcoming regulatory calendar, we continue to feel like we are putting our best foot forward for our customers and our shareholders.
Jason Wells: I'm really proud about the team's efforts with respect to engaging our stakeholders up in Southwestern Indiana. I think that there was a lot of good feedback on the depth of the conversations on the alternatives that were considered. And so I feel like we are putting a plan that has probably the opportunity for the broadest possible support going forward to close that third and final coal facility. Again, I just want to reemphasize, the plan we are putting forward is the least cost option to continue to serve our customers up in Southwestern Indiana with a reliable and cleaner energy supply mix. And I think that will come through as we work our way not only through the IRP, but then ultimately, the filings for each of those projects.
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks, Shar, for the question. We've indicated since in our very first Analyst Day that we think that there are a significant number of capital investments that we can make there in our customers' interest and Dave's expression of capital investments beyond the $2.6 billion that we've kind of identified but not yet incorporated in the plan, continue to reflect that confidence, it really kind of runs the gamut across our gas and electric business. We'll start first with sort of resiliency. We incorporated a significant uplift around particularly enhancing grid resiliency here in Houston Electric last year. But I think that there's a potential for more to be done there. I think when we look at the electric transmission side, I think here in the state of Texas, I think all stakeholders will support the fact that there is more transmission needed to help alleviate congestion and help support the continued economic growth of the Greater Houston area. So there's a potential for electric transmission side. I think there are also opportunities on the gas side, particularly kind of given the continued growth of our gas systems potentially incremental gas transmission-related projects as we kind of enhance capacity to serve kind of our growing market. So those are just a handful of the opportunities. I think for us, there is an abundance of opportunities in CapEx. Our focus will continue to be as we've emphasized evaluating whether or not we can efficiently execute it for our customers. We can efficiently finance it for our shareholders and that we can efficiently recover it in rates. And I think we as a management team earned a track record of floating capital into the plan, as soon as we see line of sight on all three of those dimensions. Case in point today, we are increasing our annual guidance here for 2023 by 11%. As it relates to what $400 million increase we do going forward. I do think it puts us in a position to more consistently execute in this higher level of capital moving forward. We are just continuing to evaluate our ability to finance it efficiently and recover it timely, particularly given the fact that we are entering a pretty heavy rate case period, where during that time frame, we don't have access to some of these capital trackers that we've been discussing.
Jason Wells: Yes. Let me just be very direct. There's no balance sheet repair on the plan. I do think that this focus kind of on our set of credit metrics is -- I don't know. I'll say respectfully a bit displaced. I would rather continue to maintain a healthy cushion between our actual metrics and our downgrade threshold, that remains our commitment targeting, as we've previously discussed around 150 basis points. Some of peer companies that are often cited for having better credit metrics while they may have a higher targeted set of credit metrics, they also have a higher downgrade threshold, they have less cushion. What we are focused on is retaining this healthy cushion between where we are running the company and our downgrade threshold. So our focus has been on delevering this year. Chris highlighted a number of different opportunities where we've also termed out variable rate debt as we are in a period of transition this year with a number of strategic transactions. We will continue to look at opportunities to do that. And again, I just want to emphasize what Chris said about our credit metrics at the end of the second quarter. The end of the second quarter is the period of time just the way our capital recovery mechanisms work, we have sort of the tightest set of credit metrics. Our -- the revenues we get from our capital trackers are definitely back end loaded. And so you will undoubtedly see an improvement in those metrics as we start to collect on the capital that we deployed in 2022 here in the back half of 2023.
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks, David, for the question. We love our business mix. We strategically as part of kind of the reset several years ago that we have a slight bias towards sort of the growth in the electric business here in Houston. But our split of roughly, call it, 60% electric, 40% gas is I think a very good split. That being said, as it kind of gets back to sort of your broader question, as we've indicated on previous responses to questions here, we don't have a need for equity to fund our plan. We don't have a need for asset sales. We continue to receive a significant amount of inbound interest on all of our assets. Obviously, there's a number of processes sort of underway across the country. I think it continues to reflect that there's a high demand for at least high-quality utility-related assets. So we don't have any need to sell any assets. We are happy with our profile, but we will always continue to have an eye towards optimizing our plan for the benefit of our customers and our shareholders.
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks, David. I appreciate the question. I mean I think largely it will be a rate case where we have signaled and actually previewed with the commission stakeholders, many of the elements. I think there are a number of constructive mechanisms out in Indiana. For instance, our grid related investments in our transmission and distribution system, we made a separate filing in advance. We then execute upon it and report. And so this will be sort of a true-up of the execution of a plan that we've already filed and reviewed several times with the commission. Similarly on the generation transition plan, not only have we filed an IRP, but then we filed for the individual project approvals. So much of the kind of element of that case will already be reviewed between the -- with all the key stakeholders. That being said, rates continue to be a focus in Southwestern Indiana. And I would anticipate that will be part of the conversation there as we file the case.
Chris Foster: Yes. Thanks, Dave, and Anthony, thanks for the question. And as you heard me in the prepared remarks, we are beyond the halfway point here, we are beyond halfway through our EPS guidance. And there's a couple of different things I want to point out for you. First is just emphasizing that as you look at the back half of the year, we've got another roughly $220 million in additional revenues from the 2022 distribution investments and our assumption around the mobile generation filing. And so those are either just updated or we anticipate those will be recovered later this year. So those are good tailwinds because really they're just weighted toward the back half of the year. Weather has been more of a mixed bag for us, definitely been trending nicely of late and the impact of the milder winter we had across our jurisdictions in Q1 has been a bit offset from the hotter summer thus far, which has specifically been the case here in Houston. And if Houston remains hot, the weather impacts we are seeing are kind of normalizing some of what we are seeing for the balance of the year. And I should say we are generally conservative when we are incorporating weather impact into our plan in the first place. It's no surprise on the headwind side that they're really interest rate driven. As you can imagine, we've been actively working those since last year. And so we continue to assume high rates as we go through the remainder of the year. And we are taking active steps, you've probably seen to move and improve our position. One of those is the move to fund [indiscernible] on a standalone basis. And there, we were reducing its reliance on roughly $450 million of intercompany debt from the parent, right? So that allows us to take advantage of the relative lower cost of debt, thanks to its high ratings. So we collectively put these together, we like where we are at this stage of the year.
Chris Foster: Sure. So let me just start with the 39 that we are talking about this morning is in line with our plan. And so we have consistently anticipated this quarter really was going to be the trough for a couple of reasons. First is on the debt side. We've got an incremental of roughly $1 billion of debt in line that's directly in line with feeding our capital plans, and we were front loading -- excuse me, we were front loading funding at the start of the year. Then if you look at the cash flow side, as we previously mentioned, the annual revenue requirement increases of roughly $430 million this year are anticipated. So over $200 million of that is going to become effective from September onwards toward the back end of the year. So if you combine these with higher weather receipts, we see it being additive to the balance of the year's operating cash flows. On the -- has to do also have to say on the qualitative side, as we are making progress on some of these legislative and then regulatory implementation outcomes, we do see some benefit there over time as we're spending time at the rating agencies.
Chris Foster: Sure, Julien. You're right in terms of the thinking about the rate case time frame. If you just step back and look at the kind of last case among the ones that Jason referenced earlier would be the Houston Electric case. So we'd be filing that anticipating Q1 of 2024, anticipate somewhere around a year to get it resolved. So that timing would put us somewhere in Q1 of 2025 where we would be on the other side of really the critical mass of all these cases that are in front of us. And so that put us probably at that stage to be in a position to give everybody a more robust update with respect to really the plan through 2030 and with the potential for extending earnings guidance targets really beyond that as we'll have greater visibility at that stage. In terms of financing, I have to say, I mean, Jason mentioned our emphasis really on maintaining the cushion as it relates to FFO to debt. You should also just keep in mind that we are consistently looking at really the debt stack that we have present state and efficiently financing that. But also, we are also evaluating opportunities like the DOE loan program as well, right? At this stage, looking to pulling other opportunities to create financing that is actually cheaper for our customers. So a lot of opportunity there in front of us.
Chris Foster: Hi, Durgesh, thanks for the question. In short, yes, we've got a really important set of cases that are right here in front of us. Jason mentioned how well we are positioned going into them given the affordability profile for our customers. But that really is going to be where the short-term emphasis is. So I really would kind of direct you towards the back end that I referenced, where we are going to be in a really good position at that stage with the clarity provided through all those cases to be able to revisit some of those targets and give you a better feel for how we'll finance them. But I have to say, as you heard this morning, it's really -- we are going to consistently look at this as we go, right? As we find opportunities to efficiently execute to fund them and recover the revenues. We're going to consistently see if there's opportunity to pull in some of the capital as referenced earlier. So hopefully, that helps give you some color.
