Tracy Bridge: Thank you, Scott. Houston Electric had a solid quarter consistent with our expectations. As you can see on Slide 8, second quarter 2015 core operating income was $131 million, compared with $115 million for the same period last year. The business benefitted from higher net transmission related revenue, continued strong customer growth and a return to more normal weather. These benefits were partially offset by an expected reduction in the equity return primarily related to true-up proceeds. Houston Electric’s customer growth remains strong. Through the first-half of the year, we have added nearly 23,000 metered customers which equates to an annualized growth rate of 2%. As we have mentioned in the past, our forecasted 2% customer growth equates to approximately $25 million to $30 million of incremental revenue annually. Houston’s 4.5% unemployment rate in June remains below the national average of 5.3% and our housing market remains tight at three-month supply versus a balance supply of six months. As the chart on Slide 9 shows, employment growth may slow at times, but over the past 24 years, our residential customer compound annual growth rate has slightly exceeded 2%. Houston Electric continues to manage cost effectively. During the second quarter of 2015, O&M expenses increased approximately 2% over the second quarter of 2014. This growth rate excludes certain expenses that have revenue offsets. We will strive to continue operating the business as efficiently as possible, while maintaining a safe and reliable system to serve our growing customer base. As you will see on Slide 10, we’ve had a busy quarter on the regulatory front and we are pleased with the results. During the quarter, we filed our first Distribution Cost Recovery Factor filing or DCRF, which allows for rate adjustments associated with recovery of distribution capital invested since our last general rate case. A settlement was reached and approved for an annual revenue increase of $13 million, which will go into effect on September 1. Additionally, in December -- additionally in June, the DCRF sunset extension legislation was enacted, which extends the mechanism sunset until September of 2019, allowing us to utilize the mechanism up to three additional times before a general rate case is required. We also filed two other cost recovering mechanisms, which include our first of two planned Transmission Cost Of Service or TCOS filings this year and our annual energy efficiency cost recovery factor filing. Our TCOS filing was submitted on June 26th and seeks an annual revenue increase of $13.7 million. We anticipate a decision on this filing during the third quarter of this year. Our energy efficiency cost recovery factor filing seeks to recover next year’s estimated expenses associated with our energy efficiency program, as well as a $7 million incentive related to the program's performance in 2014. Finally, in April, we filed an application for a certificate of convenience and necessity for our Brazos Valley connection transmission line. This transmission line is the largest capital project in our five-year plan. 32 alternative routes were submitted to the PUC and the final route they select will determine the estimated capital cost of the project. We anticipate a commission decision on both the route of and need for the transmission line during the first quarter of 2015, with construction of the project being completed by mid-2018. The critical status grounded to this project highlights the load growth and our service territory -- highlights the load growth our service territory is experiencing. As an example of that load growth, during the last week in July, Houston Electric hit four consecutive July peak loads. I am pleased with Houston Electric's second quarter performance. Growth remain strong and we will continue to focus on delivering safe, reliable and efficient service. Joe will now update you on the results for gas operations.
Tracy Bridge: For the second quarter Matt, we had $1 million of right-of-way revenue. So through the first half of the year we’re at about $9 million. We continue to estimate that our range at year-end will be somewhere between $10 million and $20 million of right-of-way revenue.
Tracy Bridge: Brian, this is Tracy. I would just add that our 2% year-over-year O&M expense growth rate is a sustainable target for us and we're going to work very hard to maintain expenses in that range even though we're growing considerably here. So everything is looking on the up and up for the electric business.
Scott Prochazka: Neel, the intent is that earnings or dividends will follow earnings. So what we've done on this call is we've firmed up our earnings target over the next through years of 4% to 6% growth, and that's inclusive of both the utility and the equity investment in our midstream business.
Scott Prochazka: I think those numbers may work out fairly close. It's certainly our intent to have the utility operate such that we are retaining 30% to 40% of their earnings for reinvestment. Given the fact that we’re at relatively high payout ratio, a good amount of all the cash coming in from Enable is being paid out through the dividend. But the policy we want to really emphasize is now that we're at this elevated payout ratio, the policy is -- or the approach I should say is that we will target dividend growth with our earnings growth.
Scott Prochazka: It's been very constant, Neel. We see little bit of what I’ll call noise on usage, but it has to do with imperfect calculation of -- we're making weather adjustments. But as we look over the longer period, we’re essentially seeing a very flat usage profile on a weather adjusted basis.
Scott Prochazka: Matt, I’ll just respond by saying I think you know we don’t -- we’re not commenting on specific transactions. That’s the position that we’ve taken here and we like you and the rest of the industry have kind of been watching this event unfold as EFH [ph] works through their bankruptcy process.
Scott Prochazka: So Ali, I would tell you that I still remain very bullish on the investment that’s going to be made in this space, and if you just look at what Enable reported on their call, their investment continues to increase, their volumes are up. It's apparent, becoming more apparent to me that producers in the U.S. are able to compete even at these lower commodity prices and we’re very pleased with many of the plays that we are in. So I am still very bullish on this space. Now the growth that we’ve put out from an earnings forecast for the Company is as you pointed out consistent with what we’ve said, that would be the utility performance and I would say it's there largely because of the near-term forecast associated with these lower commodities. So I think we all believe we’ll turn around and go back up at some point in the future, and if Enable's performance improves or increases in the future, then that gives us some upside potential to reflect on our own EPS.
Scott Prochazka: Ali, I would characterize as it as we have done our own stress testing and sensitivity analysis beyond what Enable has provided publicly. So we've done some stress testing of their performance and we've done some stress testing around the utility performance and collectively have confidence that in the near term a 4% to 6% earnings growth target is achievable. I will say that it's within what I would consider the reasonable implications of commodity sensitivity looks. If oil gets down to $25 or $30 a barrel for a sustained period of time and gas drops to very low levels, we will have to re-evaluate but we have done stress testing beyond what Enable has shared as their ranges.
Scott Prochazka: It's too early to really have those considerations or discussions. We are aways from beginning the IDRs. I believe Enable mentioned there thought there may be some IDR payments as early as the end of next year, which would be very small payments. So you're out into '17 or '18 really before you would have the issue or the consideration of how those IDRs might affect our cost to capital and -- listen we certainly have an ongoing -- very strong ongoing interest in Enable's success, and if appropriate, we would contemplate the right things at the right time, but it's just far too early to consider doing anything differently with the GP and the IDRs.
Bill Rogers: I think Matt that I would add that through -- we'll refer to as debt management within our balance sheet, we’ll be able to lower interest expense in 2015. If you had a chance to take a look as our 10-Q, you’ll see we’re free cash flow positive for the six months of the year. That's to say that cash from operations exceeded dividends and capital investment. So we feel good about that. And then finally the last settlement would be a lower effective tax rate for the 2015 year.
Bill Rogers: Ali, we don’t see any need for a block offering of equity. We don’t see a need for issuing any equity in 2015 as I said. We continue to visit both '16 and '17 as where there is a need for any equity in those years earlier. But there is nowhere in this forecast that we are providing a view with respect to a need for block equity.
Bill Rogers: Sure. And Brian, I think I will start with what I'll call some below the line factors, give you an update on that and then ask Tracy and Joe to talk about O&M cost discipline in their respective businesses. With respect to below the line, we have significant opportunities to reduce our interest expense on a going forward basis, and we recognize that on a going forward basis we'll have more debt. But we do have both maturities in '16 and '17 as well as those maturities we've had in 2015. So you'll see that come through. The second item below the line with respect to tax, I mentioned in the prepared remarks it will be 35% this year. I think we'll be somewhere between 36% and 37.5% on a going forward basis in 2016 and 2017. So those are the below line item that we would see as recurring at least looking those few years. And with that I'll ask if Tracy or Joe want to add comments on O&M discipline.
Bill Rogers: That's correct. That's the income tax rate here in Texas that we recognized a lowering of that, and it went through the second quarter. And then we also had some permanent differences change, which moved to tax rate down to 32% for the quarter. But for the year Charles, it should be at 35%. 
Bill Rogers: Next year and on a forward looking basis, if you are asking what are the provision should be for the accrual tax rate, I think it will be in the range of 36% to 37.5% and if you wanted a point estimate, it was 37%.
Bill Rogers: Michael, this is Bill. First of all, we look forward to bring at your conference in the next couple of days. So thank you for including us. Look forward to that. We respect to taxes; we are certainly moving away from that more formulaic view to dividends. What we're focused on is our target earnings growth of 4% to 6% through 2018. The dividends will follow that. If you wanted to ask a question about cash taxes, we filled rather a consolidated return at CenterPoint. There are some years, where the utilities cash or tax characteristics might shield income from Enable and there are years where the tax characteristics at Enable might shield the utility. So we don't really look through to any specific operations, cash tax rate. 
Bill Rogers: Yes, it's might help just to give you a sense of what we think our cash taxes would be. On a consolidated basis we were not a tax payer in 2014, and our cash tax rate, if we do not have bonus depreciation for 2015 will be in a low 30%. If we have bonus depreciation in 2015, its unlikely that we'd be a cash tax payer on a consolidated basis. 
