Tracy Bridge: Thank you, Scott. 2015 was another strong year for Houston Electric. Slide 10, core operating income was $502 million in 2015, compared to $477 million in 2014, representing a 5% increase. The business benefited from higher transmission and distribution related revenues, customer growth, and increased usage due to our return to more normal weather. These benefits were partially offset by lower equity return related to true-up proceeds. Lower energy efficiency bonus including the absence of a one-time energy efficiency bonus received in 2014, higher depreciation and lower right of way revenues. Turning to slide 11, Houston Electric added nearly 50,000 metered customers last year, which equates to 2% year-over-year growth. The Houston area added 27,000 net new jobs last year and the Greater Houston Partnership is projecting approximately 22,000 net new jobs this year, mostly from healthcare and construction industries. We anticipate approximately 2% metered customer growth in 2016. Recent monthly metered addition support that plan growth rate. We continue to meet O&M expense management goals. Houston Electric held O&M expenses flat last year compared to 2014 excluding certain expenses that have revenue offsets. We will continue our efforts in 2016 as we work to keep annual O&M expense growth under 2%. Last year, Houston Electric received approval for approximately $67 million in annualized transmission and distribution related rate relief. About 90% of our capital investment is eligible for recovery using our annual cost recovery mechanisms. Transmission cost of service or TCOS and distribution cost recovery factor or DCRF. We expect to file DCRF in April and the TCOS in the second half of this year. We do not anticipate Houston Electric general rate filing in 2016, 2017 or 2018. Turning to slide 12, Houston Electric invested $934 million of capital in 2015, which represents a 14% increase over 2014 primarily due to load growth investments. Our new five-year plan includes $3.7 billion of capital expenditures. This investment will be used to improve service reliability and system resiliency and support load growth and ongoing system maintenance. By the way, work has begun on the largest project in our capital plan, the Brazos Valley Connection. Last month, the Public Utility Commission of Texas approved a certificate of convenience and necessity for Houston Electric to construct this project. We anticipate total capital spend of $270 million to $310 million and completion by mid-2018. As you all see on slide 13, rate base is projected to grow at a 5.2% compound annual growth rate through the five year plan. I'm very pleased with Houston Electric's performance in 2015 and our forecast for 2016. I'll now, turn the call over to Joe McGoldrick for an update on natural gas operations.
Tracy Bridge: I really don't have much to add to that, Neel. You know that we have to plan into the future for this, for this grid and while we're fairly confident that we're going to continue to see strong customer growth, these capital numbers as Scott said are not directly linked to that. Neel for example, we're investing a lot in transmission level of the infrastructure substations that type of thing and those are not that type of growth is not linked to a residential customer addition.
Tracy Bridge: [indiscernible] admit it, suffice to saying one more time, this strength and the 80% of our business covers off the challenges and the 20% of our Enable Midstream portion of our business.
Tracy Bridge: And as Scott has said, we will be back to you as we conclude these reviews in the second half of this year.
Tracy Bridge: Andrew, I will point you to pages 27 and 32 in the appendix. I think those are the best graphical representations, the answer to your question, and to make a more complicated story shorter and more digestible, two categories stand out. They are the categories in the red and the categories in the blue. They are the public and system improvements and load growth, and both of those represent the majority of the change in the capital structure. And I would just point out that it's not that all the rest of the years are anomalous, it's that 2015 was unusually high, the way I see it. So, I think that's the best answer to the question. But, Joe may have additional to share.
Scott Prochazka: Yeah, Jeremy, I hate to disappoint you, but given that we're really at the front end of this evaluation, we're not really prepared to make comments on the strategic reviews at this time, but our plan remains to update everybody once we have something to share or a little bit later in the year.
Scott Prochazka: We don't have a specific timeline, but we think that there is a reasonable window in which we would expect to get back to folks with some information or conclusions from the work they were doing. So, we feel that towards the end of the year, we've got a high degree of confidence will be at least able to update, if not to provide conclusions.
Scott Prochazka: So Ali, going to your first question. These are independent analysis, first of all, so, to answer that. And then secondly, with respect to the question about the tax issue, the tax issue is still very much there and part of our consideration. Doug, I don't know if you want anything to that.
Scott Prochazka: I think that's right Bill. We've had good track record in our gas utilities and of course with the addition or the better performance at CES over the last couple of years and the hopefully closing on the Continuum acquisition, we continue to see growth in operating income and our gas business that is very close to the rate base growth.
Scott Prochazka: And Ali, I'll add one other comment, just remind you back when we were first talking about this growth rate, we had indicated that we had done our own evaluation in terms of stress testing, Enable's performance in our ability to hit that 4% to 6% growth rate under a number of conditions.
Scott Prochazka: I think Ali, if you take a look at it the rate base growth and the operating income and EPS growth are all converging together within that 4% to 6% range. So there are variety of factors. One is thinking hard about the capital we invest after coming off of a record year and Joe and Tracy described why it was record year. The regulatory lag and the fact that in this current plan over five years, we see a very modest amount of equity as part of our capital formation.
Scott Prochazka: Steve, I'll give you one piece of color. It took me about an hour and 20 minutes to get into work this morning because of all the traffic which is a one sign that the economy is still robust but I'll ask Tracy to make some comments about what we look at it in terms of our views on how the economy is performing.
Scott Prochazka: Steve, you've heard me comment and, I think, Tracy has commented as well in the past about the number of crews that we have out putting infrastructure into subdivisions ahead of the builders coming and in building homes. We track those crews and that activity. This - right now, we have more crews working now than we did a year ago. And the - we also track housing inventory in the area to see if there is a rise in the housing inventory and that number has stayed very, very healthy at being a low number. It's about three-and-half months of inventory against what many consider to be a more balanced market of about six months and that number is really not changing that much either. So, we're still seeing a lot of indicators that suggest the housing sector is still very strong and that we're not building up inventories of homes that are sitting around.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. It is. Our messaging around this is that we're going to have dividends follow earnings and our earnings growth target is as we've shared with you, 4% to 6% over this period.
Scott Prochazka: Right. Michael that would vary from year-to-year beginning with recognition that the cash distributions from Enable come into CERC, which owns the LDCs as well as our CES, CIP business and Enable. So when we take a look at CERC's balance sheet and determine what's the appropriate strength of that balance sheet and through its earnings, cash flow, determine how much we would dividend out of CERC on any given year. We could - as I said, after the impairment and then pro forma for the dividend distribution associated with Enable's paying down debt to CERC, their balance sheet is at 55%. So we'll start with that balance sheet. On the Houston Electric side, again, it depends upon their sources and uses of cash as well as their earnings for the year, but we target to maintain a 45% equity of the capital and then dividend funds after that. Now, going to the dividend, which clearly stayed as the holding company, the sort the whether it's borrowings from holding company or whether it's fully sourced from CERC and Houston Electric, will depend on how much dividend they make and the borrowings of the holding company make after that.
Scott Prochazka: If something like that were to happen, I think you'd have to rethink the whole picture. But again, it's too early to really provide any thoughts or any commentary on what that would look like other than to say, you would have to reconsider it in a more broad based.
Scott Prochazka: Andrew, I think there are lot of theoreticals there. So without Enable contemplates we've done something with our Enable ownership, but doesn't yet contemplate what the use of proceeds from that might be.
Scott Prochazka: Andrew, it's also - it also can be very difficult. Both of these gentlemen mentioned, it could be very difficult forecast public improvement dollars spend as that's something that is influenced by other activities around us. So that's certainly one of the category. I do want to highlight too though that, while the spend is reduced from prior plans and the rate base growth is impacted by not just the spend by bonus deprecation, we are essentially working hard to optimize and maintain the earnings at prior year levels that we've been talking about.
Scott Prochazka: Charles those are major contributors to it, but they are not the only, there is also some reductions as our folks look at the system particularly on the electric side, some reduction is associated with estimates around the growth capital that's needed to fill the needs of the system over this period. And Jo was there another - was there any other point for the gas business other than the public improvements.
Scott Prochazka: No, this is driven primarily by the assessments that boil up from the organization about the CapEx that's needed for things like maintenance, reliability, growth and those requirements and those inputs change year to year as the engineers are looking at the demands on the system and projects that are coming and going. Where they're being cited and as you look further out, I think it becomes less clear as to exactly what's going to occur in those particular years and as we revise this again, this coming year you could see some fluctuations in those out years like we've seen here, but we build this based on the operators input of what's needed to run these systems safely and reliably.
Scott Prochazka: I believe that was our final question. Thank you everyone for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We now conclude our fourth quarter 2015 earnings call. Have a nice day.
William Rogers: Ali, one way. I thank for you to think about the tax issue is to take a look at our deferred tax footnote in our 2015 Form 10-K, where you'll see an accrual estimate of the deferred tax liability of $1.2 billion. That's derived from our accrual balance sheet estimated value of Enable of $11.6, which we just describe relative to the basis in Enable.
William Rogers: So maybe that's more information you wanted, but that's one way you can think through what that might be if we were sell the units for cash.
William Rogers: Certainly. So, I reviewed some of this in the prepared remarks earlier where we went from $0.79 to the mid-point of our $0.88 to $0.92, for the utility operations. The three components of that which I addressed were $0.05 better operating income, lower interest expense of $0.02 and $0.04 from the preferred. The operating income is achieved through increase in revenues associated with various rate filings as well as the O&M discipline, which both Tracy and Joe mentioned, but we're expecting a strong year out of both utilities. Tracy or Joe.
William Rogers: Right. So, I'll answer that Steve. So that number is derived from the accrual value that we have on our books, less our basis which you're right to suggest that it's negative and then multiplying by 35%.
William Rogers: Faisal, its Bill. So, I said modest over the five year horizon. If you wanted to take today's equity market cap of CenterPoint and sort of derive what modest might mean, it would be low single-digits as a percentage of today's equity market cap over five years, so not in each of five years, over five. To look at it in another way, if we were to use our group program and other ongoing programs in any given year if that were maxed out that might be $200 million of equity, we didn't use it last year or prior year nor are we looking at it this year. With respect to how we think about distributions to Enable's and how that fits in as Scott mentioned in his opening comments, Enable's contribution to our cash flow was less than 20%. So, it's important to us, but it's not a driver in terms of our thinking about capital formation. Certainly, if there were a reduction in that cash flow, we'd have to take a hard look at our credit metrics and see if it would be appropriate issue, a little bit more equity.
William Rogers: Right. So Michael, its Bill. I'll start with that, Scott and I have additional comments. We - first the income from the preferred investment, that should continue on. The savings from lower interest expense that should continue on and in fact there are more opportunities in 2017 and 2018 to take a look at interest expense management. And finally and most importantly I think you'll see an acceleration of the or could see an acceleration of the year-on-year operating income delivered by electric and gas. As they execute on the strategies, which Joe and Tracy has mentioned and as the rate base comes into our revenue requirement.
William Rogers: Michael, I think one way you can think of this is the items that have - that we've executed like the preferred for example, that just provides the step change that continues going forward. But the base business, we're still committing to a 4% to 6% growth. So if you've had some things and here that provide a step change like a Continuum or like a - like the preferred than we would intend to grow off half of that higher base is established by those - those new levels of earnings for those new earnings amount.
William Rogers: Well, Scott mentioned this, and I included it as response to an earlier question, remember that Enable is less than 20% of the cash flow of CenterPoint. Our utilities are strong and increasing their cash distributions. Second point, I put at, is that I mentioned really very little in the way of net incremental debt in 2016 and that's associated again with a strong cash flow of our utilities. So while if you're suggesting there is going to a change in the distribution from Enable, if that were to happen, I don't think it has a meaningful impact on us in the near-term given the relative amount of that cash flow and the strength of our balance sheet.
William Rogers: I think as we've looked at prioritizing that capital and especially replacing old pipe and old infrastructure, part of what we are doing is taking advantage of our risk base system that we've had in place in the past but really fine tuning it to be very systematic in the way we go about that. So another words we want to replace the riskiest pipe first and so as we've gotten more clarity around how that occurs it's actually - we've actually determined that it doesn't need to be as much capital as we thought just a year ago. So that's another factor in our budget.
William Rogers: Paul, this is Bill. Just to clarify where you working to connect the impartment relative to the tax. I'm working to sort of figure out what you guys are currently carrying at Enable in terms of on a tax basis, if you would actually do a taxable transaction associated with.
William Rogers: The way to derive that is again take your $11.06, the $1.2 billion in the tax footnote, and 35% you can derive tax basis, that is negative several hundred million dollars.
Joseph McGoldrick: As I mentioned in my comments, Greater Houston partnership is projecting some 22,000 net new jobs this year, it's obviously not in the energy industry but we realize and benefit from a more diversified economy than what we had 30 years or 35 years ago, the healthcare, construction industries, if you see the Houston Skyline, you still see cranes all around the downtown area. So we still look at 2% growth this year. One of the notable metrics that I look at is what are we doing with customers on a month over month basis and then for January, we saw healthy residential customer growth and that's a sign that, that the economy while it may be slowing down a little bit. It's not appearing to slow down very much. So, the jury is still out. We still have a 10.5 months to go, but so far so good in terms of what we're seeing with customer growth.
Joseph McGoldrick: Sure. Yeah. John, we plan on integrating that business fairly quickly after we close and as we've pointed out, it adds about 30% to our C&I customer base. Their business is in very similar service territories to what we have currently. So, we plan to take advantage of the scale and the reset we would have by adding those customers and continue to really deliver on what we've been delivering on we feel over the last few years in that business. And so that we - for example, we retain on average 92% of our customers over the last three years and with the addition of Continuum's customers, we can offer better products and services, perhaps more competitive pricing to our customers and just continue with the success that we've enjoyed over the last few years. So we're excited about this opportunity and think that the performance of the business over the last couple years demonstrates our ability to continue to grow that business as a complement to our gas utility.
Joseph McGoldrick: Well, we have - we're going to get - once we get the business integrated, we're going to look at some of the things that they've been doing compared to some of the things that we've been doing and just take the best of both in terms of giving additional services and pricing products to our customers. So for example in this low price environment, we're starting to see a lot of customers interested in locking these prices given the low levels and so with the bigger size of the business and some of the things that both companies have been doing. We will take advantage of that and stabilize those margins over an extended period of time.
Joseph McGoldrick: Andrew, a very similar answer for gas. 2015, there was almost $70 million in there between our advanced, the completion of our Advanced Meter project. Public improvement that we don't expect to continue at that level and other expenditures such as some work we're doing on our new facilities in our Porcaro Tech Lead Detection technology, et cetera. So, 2015 was somewhat of an anomaly from a standpoint of the level of CapEx and we'll go back to more normal levels. In addition to that, we've done a good job, have worked hard to prioritize our capital especially in the near term, but we are meeting all of our needs in terms of integrity management, CapEx, et cetera and have an aggressive strategy still to replace cast iron and with bare steel and so on.
