Shar Pourreza: So just two questions here. First, starting sort of with that strategic level. You have, obviously, a review process that's in place now. And should we think about the range of outcomes that you're foreseeing with this, can we get a little bit of a sense of core versus non-core, stronger jurisdictions versus maybe those that require a bit more work from your perspective? And sort of with an Analyst Day set, does this sort of imply that an outright sale of the company is not part of this kind of internal review process? I have a follow-up.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then, just lastly, you reiterated the utility guidance for 2020 and the 5% to 7% growth, which is very constructive. Can we get maybe a little bit more specific around the moving piece? Maintaining these figures, there's a lot of moving pieces, i.e., you called out COVID headwinds. Is that entirely kind of offset by corporate costs? What's implied with future cost cuts at the parent? What mitigates the dilution in the near term? So I'm just trying to get a bit of a sense on how all the drivers kind of net out, even as we think about beyond 2020? Thank you.
Shar Pourreza: Terrific. Thanks, guys, so much Congrats on moving forward and congrats on the deal with Jeff and team, congrats.
John Somerhalder: Yeah. I'll start with the last question. Yes, that's correct. This is a -- we have strong support for the business and the model we have now. And so what we're going to do is review those businesses to see where we can optimize those. And clearly, our focus is on our utility businesses. And we feel like all of our utility businesses have good regulatory compacts, and we will always continue to look at how we improve those moving forward and the mechanisms for recovery. But this will be a comprehensive view of all of our businesses so that we can optimize those as a company moving forward.
John Somerhalder: Yeah. I'll start out first on Enable, and that is for the reasons, I talked about when I went through my presentation. We've looked at a number of scenarios, and there were downside scenarios, lower oil prices for longer. And when we made the decision to cut distribution by 50%, we felt very good that, that was the right level. And even though we have seen, because of physical constraints, some shut-ins, we've seen some positives too. So we still remain confident in Enable's ability to maintain that 50% distribution and pull their own levers related to O&M and capital. So that's the starting point. But I'll let Kristie speak to the other part of our strengthening of our balance sheet and how we look at that.
John Somerhalder: Well, that's the foundation we start on. And that's what we have seen really aligns with what we believe are our shareholders' interest. So that's the starting point. But we will comprehensively, with that business review committee, evaluate the best options to further maximize shareholder value. So, yes, that's the starting point.
John Somerhalder: Yes. I mean, clearly, Houston's economy is tied to the oil and gas business. The good news is, less tied to that business over time. And we've seen Houston do very well through downturns in the past. I mean, with robust growth of 2% plus, customer count in good times, and we've seen it still stay positive even through downturns. So we still expect very good market area there. But, yes, we will monitor. It's too early to tell now, but we'll monitor what impact oil and gas downturn may have on our growth rate, moving into next year and update you as we see more. At this point, as we sit today, we saw still good growth right up through the end of March on customer counts. We still see that we're connecting new developments in new areas. So, at this point, we haven't seen, but we will monitor it closely. 
John Somerhalder: Yes. I'd comment first. Clearly, this is positive. But, yes, Kristie, can tell you about the actual conversations and where those could move.
John Somerhalder: Yes. I mean, we're still working very closely with the buyer on transition, putting the organization in place, what services we'll provide, employee issues. And as we talked about before, the agreements works very well and gives both parties certainty about being able to close. So, right now, we feel very good about it.
John Somerhalder: Steve, I don't know at this point. Clearly, we reviewed it in great detail, looked at various options and concluded the path forward that we took back there and made the most sense. But the business review committee will review options related to this. So, way too early to speculate, though, on whether other options could be identified or not.
John Somerhalder: Yes. And we're we feel very good about that number because as Kristie mentioned, we have line of sight directly, things we'd already worked on earlier this year related to our corporate structure and support services and some IT-IS type costs that had been identified. Longer term, it really is a matter of looking at all types of things from how we use contractors and then the car contractors are very important to us, but what's the right approach there? Supply chain savings, use of technologies, other technologies, work management systems, so we'll be digging into those issues in detail now that we've made the decisions and positioned the company now with flexibility and strong balance sheet moving forward. So, it's too early to say what the potential is. Right now, we're trying to ensure that we have certainty around the $40 million. 
John Somerhalder: Yes. I mean in the past, a lot of the processes that went on were effective, and they were more led by the management team. What we have now is a group, including two new Directors, two existing Directors or three if you count me, the five of us will be looking at this. So it will be a Board-level with that new set of experiences involved in at Board level. And it will be comprehensive. We'll look at our businesses in total to make sure that we move forward in the most optimized way. So it's similar in some ways, but it has the changes I just talked about. So, we're very encouraged by that. We think it's the right time to further optimize our business. 
John Somerhalder: The plan right now is clearly the committee, I think, will function under its charter through October. And so a normal time that we may -- we'll talk about that would be in an Investor Day early in 2021. That would be the base plan. But obviously, if there's something that should be communicated before that, we would do that. But the normal schedule is what I first laid out.
John Somerhalder: Well, should anything occur that we need to update you all on and make public, we would do that. But the base plan is to take that amount of time and then be prepared to announce changes and direction, certainly at the conclusion of that process. But should anything happen that changes that, we would obviously make public as appropriate.
John Somerhalder: Yes. I mean the very good news is that the committee has been working for a time -- well, pretty much since we stood that committee up, and they've been very, very rigorous around that. We have a search firm in place. They've identified a large number of candidates. They've conducted interviews with a number of candidates. And so we're now more on the back side of that search process. But until it's -- the absolute right person is picked, and we can make sure what the timing is on transition period, it's not done until it's done, but I feel good that a lot of good work has been done, and we're on the backside of getting that taken care of. 
John Somerhalder: Well, the way I look at it is the business review committee will really look at the business plans across all of our business, and think through everything from appropriate regulatory strategies and think through best ways to optimize on how businesses fit together. So I mean, that's something you do on a normal basis anyway. So and it brings a fresh set of eyes with good experience with our new directors involved to the process. So I think it's in line with what a company normally would do, but with really good expertise with the opportunities we have now to really take a fresh look at it. So it is different. It's a very powerful process, I think we can follow, and that they'll make recommendations to the Board -- for the Board to act on in the time period we talked about. So we think it's a good thing to do moving forward. 
John Somerhalder: The starting point is truly looking at how our businesses are operating, how they function optimizing those, making the right business decisions in total around the base of this great set of utility assets. So that's the starting point, that's the focus. Every company has got to consider the other options that you've talked about. That's not where we're starting with this committee. This committee is designed to review the go-forward plan has a great set of utility assets and how to optimize those and configure those correctly moving forward.
John Somerhalder: No. I think we feel positive about the fact the process has moved at this point. We have very good identified candidates. But as you know, until you finalize something. And when you're looking for someone that's got really strong track record on utility operations, these type businesses, understands our business, focus on strong balance sheet, we want to make sure we take the time to absolutely get the right person. But I feel very good about the individuals that are being talked to now. And so I think it can happen in a reasonably short time period, but until all those issues are worked out, sorry, I can't more specifically commit to an exact time. But like I said, I feel good about the -- that we've made really good progress to this point, and that it can happen in a reasonably short-term period moving forward.
Kristie Colvin: Yeah. I mean this transaction has strengthened our FFO to debt. And as John mentioned, we are not currently anticipating a cut in the distribution from Enable. 
Kristie Colvin: Yes. I think, we would have conversations about the increased level of regulated percentage in our earnings and our business, with the rating agencies at that point. 
Kristie Colvin: With the equity issuance, we're a little higher. We're expecting to be a little higher than that in 2020. And then our long-term range is 14% to 14.5%. 
Kristie Colvin: Yes. I mean, we have had conversations with the rating agency. This should be considered positive. We have to get past the CES sale, before I think we would see any change from the agencies.
Kristie Colvin: Yes. In the first quarter, we had a $19 million tax benefit from the CARES Act. We also expect to have a future quarter benefit in around a $10 million range to earnings, also with favorable cash flows. 
Kristie Colvin: No. I think that's right. They'll be across the board. But again, over half, we've identified our support level activities.
Kristie Colvin: I mean there will be basis accretion as a result of these impairments, but we do still expect that the utility will grow to the 95% of the contribution. 
Kristie Colvin: I think this year because it's starting in -- not in the beginning of the year, it would be about $85 million in total. Our year is usually $47 million.
Kristie Colvin: Yes. After the calculation of guidance, we will treat the preferred as if it was common in the dilution calculation.
Kristie Colvin: I mean, that's correct. As you said, with the dividend cuts we did, it is lower than anticipated in those years.
Kristie Colvin: Well, we issued $1.4 billion today. And our plan was to issue $800 million in 2020 and between $300 million and $500 million in 2021 and 2022. So at the midpoint of 2021 and 2022, that would have been $1.6 billion versus the $1.4 billion we're doing. So we satisfied our needs upfront for these three years.
Kristie Colvin: Yes. We have been in contact with the rating agencies with regards to this plan, and we expect them to consider it favorable.
