Scott Prochazka: I think Neel the way to think about this is as we've expressed from the beginning, we would like to reduce our exposure to oil and gas sector. Our investment in Midstream so if we were not able to affect an outright sale as Bill suggested we would look for opportunities to widen our ownership by a public sale. But we are also very much aware of the need to be cognizant of market conditions when we attempt to do that. So I think that's -- maybe a long-winded answer but I think the way you described it, it's perhaps accurate. 
Scott Prochazka: The viable sales viable sale process is there once that don't involve cash transaction and therefore would not involve an immediate tax liability. 
Scott Prochazka: Yes, Neel, there is a mix of investment for those categories you described. I would estimate and I don't have a numbers in front of me, that the largest category is centered around growth investment, perhaps around 60% of our capital is growth oriented. The remainder would be geared towards maintenance and reliability spends. 
Scott Prochazka: Well, in our last disclosed estimate of filings we did not have a full blown rate case in that plan. The removable of the four time limits on DCRF would potentially allow us to defer a rate case even further. Keep in mind that DCRF is only usable if our total ROE is below our authorized ROE.
Scott Prochazka: So, Ali our objective with this transaction was to have more visibility into the earnings associated with Midstream investment as well as the option to have more liquidity to change our ownership. So your point is exactly right. The transition to another security in part would be to provide optionality for us to lighten our investment in Midstream over time. 
Scott Prochazka: Well, Steve, the reality is that we are still in discussion with parties. Admittedly, we have some parties that came into conversation a little bit later in the process and that maybe the driver for this not being concluded but we are working towards a conclusion of the discussions that we are having. So while we didn't get closure by this call, and I am hesitant to provide another date for target, hopefully it will be in the near future when this is closed out. 
Scott Prochazka: No. I wouldn't say it is not. When we started this process we were talking about this option and that was before any discussion of tax reform. It is possible if tax reform were to occur that there could be some benefit from it. 
Scott Prochazka: We announced it about 18 month ago but from a practical standpoint it began little less than a year ago. We had some challenges right after we announced with the commodity markets. And basically caused the late start if you will. But I'd say it has been active since a little under a year. 
Scott Prochazka: Admittedly it's taking longer than we had expected. I think I'll begin where they took some time to get confidence in a forecast over multiple years that we could represent to potential buyers. Then if just have to think back to the state of the ENP industry and the midstream segment for the first half of last year. And then you are right this has an added layer to it and any potential purchaser wants to get comfortable with their partner. 
Scott Prochazka: I am not yet in a position to comment on a letter. We are not in the position to talk about private letter rulings publicly. But with respect to the way we looked at it Insoo it was the consolidated credit metrics of CenterPoint after a spin and the amount of that we could reasonably place on SpinCo. So that SpinCo would have reasonable access to the debt capital markets. 
Scott Prochazka: Well, I'll start and maybe Bill can add to the latter part of the question. Thinking through that option that far down is reaching way far ahead in terms of what may happen if the first assumption were to occur. We maintain our objective of trying to reduce the volatility of the investment proportion that we have in our midstream space. So the timing for disposition, there are many factors that would go into that. One is the variability of the earnings stream that we now have. And as you know, capital markets considerations but there are many factors that we go into. And we have not at all described what our objectives would be relative to that investment.
Bill Rogers: Insoo, good morning. This is Bill. The 5% limit would be to a single owner. There is not a limit with respect to what we might sell in a capital markets. Having stated that we are well aware of the practical limitations I think which center around the actual float and average daily trading volume of Enable. 
Bill Rogers: Insoo, it's Bill again. That negative tax base stays and whenever we would sell those securities we would recognize a capital gain. 
Bill Rogers: Sure. Thanks Scott. Shahriar, just remind investors that we did revise our five year CapEx higher in the 2016 Form 10-K and with the growth that we continue to see, I think that CapEx investment is biased to go higher yet. The strength of our balance sheet and our credit metrics allows us to make those investments without having to consider common equity in the near term. 
Bill Rogers: Good morning, Chris. See if we intend to have discussions with third parties to sell more than 5% then under the partnership agreements OGE has a right to first offer. Given that we have been having discussion and continue to have those discussion the time period lapsed and therefore we needed to provide OGE with another right of first offer. 
Bill Rogers: Yes. There is a time limit by which we would have to conclude the process and close. And that time limit is 120 days after we respond to OGE, should OGE give us an offer. And OGE has 30 days to respond to our right of first offer notice and we have 30 days to response to do that. 
Bill Rogers: Kamal, good morning. It's Bill. Yes, you are correct and that the business risk profile would have improved without having the Midstream investment as part of our business. Having said that, we think there is real advantage to our credit metrics and we specifically look at FFO to debt, and we did not think that we could put the amount of debt on SpinCo for it to have a sustainable credit quality, as well as to meet our objectives of maintaining our credit metrics at CenterPoint.
Bill Rogers: We will not be commenting as to how we might do that. But there are various either programs or as you suggested box sale opportunities. I think it very much depends upon capital market considerations and I know I have said it twice but I'll say it again, we do recognize practical limitations that exist today as a result of average daily trading volume and float. 
Bill Rogers: Well, we never said it was flat in 2016 but what I said in the prepared remarks Ali was that we will update earnings guidance as appropriate. Help you appreciate we are in the middle of our big quarter for Houston Electric. So volumes sale related to weather do matter to our earnings. And we do recognize that oil and gas forward prices change and that could change the mark to market accounting that is at the Enable level. 
Bill Rogers: Paul, good morning. It's Bill. We currently account for our Enable investment as equity accounting under really the real estate accounting rule. So if we were to exchange those units for units or C Corp common and some other entity, at this time we don't see a change in the accounting. What we would not expect to recognize any tax liability. The exchange would defer the tax liability until the time at which we sold either units or C Corp common and that the exchange for the units would be under a plan of reorganization. 
Bill Rogers: We do have think through that and that we have significant negative basis so it would an order for us to meet our objective as Scott as outlined, we would meet a very high sales price to first recognize that capital gains liability and then drive the rest through to get back to earnings per share. 
Bill Rogers: I think with respect to sale in the public markets, the capital markets considerations are much more of a limiting factor than paying capital gains tax as we liquidate. 
Bill Rogers: Well, they would but just practically we own over 54% of the LP units of Enable so we have to think through how much any one block sale would be relative to that ownership. 
Ali Agha: Okay. And so presumably that - central buyer is understanding of that fact there maybe some pressure on their shares if they do give you shares for that ownership exchange.
Ali Agha: Good. And also to clarify, Scott, I think you said that best to clarify as far as selling the Enable unit in the market is concerned, there is no official limit with the partnership agreement. I theoretically you could sell all of it in one go if you wanted to. I understand the capital market issue but there is no other limit to how much can sell it at given time. 
Ali Agha: Okay. But there is no structure level, there was no one time gain I think last year's second half that would make a for a tougher comparison. 
Andy Levi: And this is -- again I am not talking about the strategic review, I am just talking about the actual sales process, straight sales process for Enable which is kind of where we are at right now. It's been about a year. 
Andy Levi: So then move to the like kind exchange. I would assume that maybe a similar issue. In a like kind exchange how does it work just logistically with OGE? I mean obvious I guess they could participate in that like kind exchange, tell if I'm right or wrong, but also as far as they are first look at it in a better way to put that.
Andy Levi: No, no, I understand but I am saying as far as like-kind exchange obviously you would be offered shares in another company in exchange for your shares of Enable, but that would be based on I guess a price right obviously and so that's how OGE determine whether they are kind in the game or not, is that a better way to say it. 
Andy Levi: Okay. So I guess I didn't realize I thought they were able to lease -- be able to review what the offer is worth like I guess that's not the case. 
