Jason Wells: Thank you, Chris. I look forward to continuing not only to execute on what I believe to be 1 of the most tangible long-term growth plans in the industry, but also enhancing it for the benefit of all of our stakeholders in both the near and long term. 
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks, Constantine. Pretty comprehensive question there. Let me kind of start at the highest level. And I think there's 3 main points to this CapEx update. The first is we've got a great base plan, 10% rate base growth through the end of the decade. And the second point I'd make is we've been spending significantly on resiliency because it's the right thing to do for our customers and case in point. We've increased our CapEx plans over 10% since our 2021 Analyst Day. That was largely [indiscernible] increased resiliency efforts. And so this is -- again spend that has been already incorporated in this plan. And then importantly, I do think third, we have a significant amount of opportunities in front of us. Those take the form of continued resiliency investment, particularly on the distribution side, one of the things that I'm probably most excited about is the industrial electrification opportunity that we have here, particularly in the greater Houston area. Just as one quick example, there's about 10 gigawatts of hydrogen production in development to come online before 2030. That hydrogen production requires significant increases in electric transmission capacity, substation capacity, also carries with it significant jobs, which will help continue to drive residential loan growth. On the gas side of things, we continue to see significant opportunities for incremental CapEx, particularly around maybe local gas transmission pipeline capacity in the Greater Houston area. We're one of the few gas LDCs in the country that don't have localized gas transmission capacity, and I think it can help our customers help mitigate the cost and severe weather events. And so the short of it is we've got a great base plan. We've been spending on resiliency, and we have significant increases in CapEx still in front of us. In terms of being accretive to the plan, we wouldn't spend it if it wasn't the right thing to do for customers, if it wasn't the right thing to do for shareholders, for all of our stakeholders. I think we've developed a track record of executing upon that. In terms of financing, maybe I'll turn it over to Chris to share some thoughts about funding any incremental CapEx from this point forward. 
Jason Wells: Constantine, I think it's a great question. Probably less kind of an issue directly in the service territories that we serve largely because the growth that we're seeing, both the potential for it up in Southwest Indiana as well as here in the Greater Houston area really driven by industrial load growth that comes with significant jobs. Much of the discussion over the last couple of quarters has been around data centers, AI growth, that's some of the toughest electric load growth to serve, right? Low margin doesn't necessarily come with the jobs and so it does put to your point, sort of pressure more largely on cost allocation. I think here, again, we're -- I think it's a clear differentiator for CenterPoint. We serve load that is not only growing from a residential standpoint and an industrial standpoint, but it keeps that cost allocation issue sort of less -- less impactful than maybe some of the peers that have data center growth really driving their electric sales. 
Jason Wells: Yes. Maybe a couple of quick points on that, Jim. So the 2.2%, the low end of the range is consistent with $44.5 billion, the upper end of the resiliency filing that incremental $500 million would put us to $45 billion overall through 2030. Look, I think that there is pretty strong alignment across the state here in Texas around investments to keep the great resilience and can help the economic growth that we're experiencing in Texas.  I also think what's important part of this filing, and what it may be different than some of the historical resiliency spend is -- as part of the filing, we have to prove the benefits of the incremental resiliency mitigation measures exceed the cost. So part of this filing really demonstrates that on a net basis is still in the customer's best interest for us to make these investments. And so I feel like there's going to be a strong support for our filing and the other filings of the transmission and distribution utilities.  That being said, to your point, if there is concern around the proposed mitigation measures that we have in our filing, as a quick reminder, this is about 15% of our total CapEx plan. And as I alluded to in my answer to Constantine, I think we have plenty of incremental CapEx opportunities outside of this whether they be on the gas side of the business, I talked about local transmission pipeline there, potential to accelerate our next-generation smart meter deployment and then on the electric side, I just -- I cannot reiterate enough the opportunity with this exponential load growth driven by industrial electrification and electrification of commercial fleets. So I think that there are an abundant set of opportunities of incremental CapEx. And I don't know, Chris, if you want to continue to reinforce thoughts on the financing plan. 
Jason Wells: Steve, thanks for the question. We pushed the start of the hearing by day as we continue to explore the potential here for settlement. It's hard to handicap kind of expectations. I think we're working hard with stakeholders to find what we believe would be a constructive path forward. As a quick reminder in this case, a lot of the CapEx that's included in the Indiana electric filing has been in front of the IURC and our stakeholders in previous forums, whether that's the cost of the coal transition or the transmission and distribution investments that we are making to improve reliability and resiliency in that area. And so a lot of the issues of the case have kind of been seen by stakeholders in a number of different forms. And so we continue to try to work constructively towards the settlement, and we'll update you as we have more information. 
Jason Wells: I think -- Steve, if I could add to that. Obviously, as Chris said, we're comfortable. But I think it's important just to highlight the core difference in methodology here because it is transitory in nature. The way that issue I'd add is we've received securitization proceeds from [indiscernible] significant cash inflow. We have to pay taxes on that, cash outflow. S&P's methodology excludes that significant inflow but includes the associated cash outflow, right? That's sort of a transitory effect. And as Chris said, as we look forward, we feel comfortable about the trajectory that we're on. And so just a very sort of idiosycratic impact from their calculation. 
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks, Chris. What we've consistently said, Nick, is that we'll come back after these rate cases next year and provide a new 10-year plan well into the mid-2030s to reflect in our continued confidence on long-term growth. What I want to highlight, though, are there's been a handful of things that we've been able to accomplish since we rolled out that guidance, the long-term EPS guidance, which is again, 8% growth here in 2024 and then the mid- to high end of the 6% to 8% range through 2030.  And what I would say is we certainly have more tailwinds than we have headwinds. From a tailwind standpoint, we had some success in the legislative session helping reduce some regulatory lag in key jurisdictions. As I mentioned previously, we've increased CapEx since we've issued that guidance by more than 10%. The third thing that I'd point to is last quarter when we announced the sale of Louisiana, Mississippi and the recycling of that capital that's moving what is nearly $800 million of rate base and $1 billion of CapEx into jurisdictions that earn a higher return. I'd be remiss to say that obviously, interest rates are a little higher, and we've announced a modest equity program. But -- but suffice it to say, the tailwinds here exceed the headwinds. And as we get to the other side of these rate cases, we'll be in a better position to give a kind of a long-term comprehensive update to the earnings guidance for the company. 
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks for the comprehensive question. Look, from a wildfire standpoint, as you highlighted, $140 million is in a significant driver of the overall $2.2 billion to $2.7 billion plan. I think it's important to understand why 60% of our system is currently underground. Jeremy, as I know you know, we have high relative humidity here. So all things being equal, we have significantly lower cloud buyer risk than our peers. That being said, obviously, we haven't sat on our hands. We've been addressing this risk with changes in operations, shutting of automatic or closers, enhanced inspections during periods of higher wildfire rigs. But this plan basically addresses about 1% of overhead miles that are in higher fire risk areas. And so this is probably under the current set of conditions sufficient to mitigate our wildfire risk.  Now obviously, we're going to continue to look at weather patterns, trap patterns to see how that evolves over time. But I don't really see the wildfire litigation being a significant long-term driver of CapEx, where I do see further opportunity beyond this plan is really on the distribution side. As I said in my prepared remarks, we have been really focused on hardening the backbone of our system, the electric transmission and the substation flood control efforts. We will largely be through those programs by the end of this first cycle. And so the real opportunities, as I mentioned, is on the distribution side going forward and really creating a more resilient, reliable overhead electric system for our customers.  So more to come on that front. We're happy to make this first filing, and I see the opportunity for continued CapEx growth as we make subsequent filings in the future. 
Christopher Foster: Sure. Happy to hit it, morning, Constantine. I think if you look at the larger incremental potential CapEx that Jason was just referencing, you should think about it as just the prior approach that we've referenced, which is continuing to incorporate that into our capital plan as we can execute it, finance it and recover it and the way in which we would do it would largely be to fund it in line with our enterprise cap structure.  As you look specifically at the roughly $500 million opportunity we referenced this morning around the resiliency filing, we did reference that we're going to go after some potential both federal and state-based loan and cost matching programs. But to the extent that we're not successful on those, again, the simple way to think about it is we'd be funding in line with the enterprise capital structure. 
Christopher Foster: Sure. Happy to touch on it. And I have to say, we're pleased with where we are today, reported 14.6% in terms of FFO to debt based on the Moody's calc and consistently are seeing as we go forward, a good trajectory, both on the Moody's and S&P calculation. As we think about the different financing alternatives, it is certainly the case that we are already pursuing some DOE loan program dollars to the tune of just over $2 billion already. So those have already been filed. Really, that's just a cheaper alternative for better financing costs for customers. As we look at the financing plan throughout the year, certainly, we've got a few maturities here that are coming up. We've hedged against a portion of the current offering that's probably closer here in front of us at the parent level. And then as you look at hybrid alternatives, I think you referenced there, that's certainly something that we're evaluating, you should assume. We kind of like the profile there, but we are looking really at a couple of alternatives, both for some tax alternatives this year and some hybrid opportunities if they make sense. And it's just my way of saying, Constantine, that we're always going to be pursuing the most efficient financing we can as we go forward. 
Christopher Foster: And sure, just to build on that, again, as we look at the base plan at the low end of the resiliency filing, that would just support the $44.5 billion with the ongoing very modest ATM program that we've got through 2030. And again, as we look beyond that for some of these incremental opportunities, it really would be funny in line with the existing cap structure. 
Christopher Foster: Steve, that's accurate. Really, what S&P was looking at was the past, right? As they evaluated and arrived at that outcome. Our general assumption, it is that roughly year-long period. And as we look at the plan going forward, as we look over the next few years, you'll see naturally that Uri impact roll off and we'll see ourselves really as we see just in 2024, looking at the year, you're going to see us at Moody's, continuing to target that 100 to 150 basis points cushion, that won't change. And additionally, you're going to see us grow into a greater cushion at S&P as we walk into the subsequent year. So comfortable with the base financial plan and what it informed for the years ahead. 
Christopher Foster: Yes. Thanks, Steve. What I would say is, I don't think you can find a more dynamic setting anywhere in the country, particularly on electric sales growth and you can't hear. Residential load growth continues to be best-in-class, right? We continue to see the industrial load growth that I mentioned, transportation, electric load growth. And I think that's really reflective in our sales numbers for the first quarter. On a quarter-over-quarter basis, when we adjust for weather, sales are up 8% over the first quarter last year, driven by strong residential, commercial and large industrial growth. There's electrification at one of our nation's largest ports here in Houston. We continue to see incremental growth in the petrochem complex will becoming one of the dominant areas in the country for life sciences.  And so what I would say is basically the growth that you see in any one sector, including data centers around the country, we see it in all the sectors here in the Greater Houston area. And so I see it showing up in the numbers this quarter, and I see it driving continued growth at least through the remainder of the decade, if not well beyond. 
Christopher Foster: Sure thing, Nick. I'll just say, as we are building the plan heading into 2023. I don't know that any of us really could have appropriately predicted the impact there, but I think you saw the company execute well and overcome that pressure. As we look into 2024 walking into the year, we definitely plan conservatively there. And it's hard for me to be too specific, but just know that if you look across our plant, I hope that you've seen we're consistently bringing forward conservatism so that there are no surprises in the end.  I think it's the same thing on our capital programs, right? As we folded in CapEx over time, we're making sure we're doing so conservatively as we see the opportunity to execute it, to finance it and recover it. So it really holds on the same side in terms of higher for longer. We walked into this year, assuming this was going to be the case. 
Christopher Foster: Yes. Thanks, Durgesh, for the questions. On the first side, the time line for approval of the resiliency plan, I think the legislation call it for about a 6-month approval period. What I will say is this is first of its kind legislation. So we'll have to kind of get in the middle but I'm sure there will be a number of parties sort of intervening, but I would look towards the tail end of this year, calendar year, to get a final decision on the resiliency plan that we file. On the question on regulatory lag, we've historically seen particularly here in the Texas business, about 150 basis points on average regulatory lag. And what I would say is we sort of meaningfully reduce that amount but it's an odd time to really be calculating kind of what regulatory lag is at the end of the first quarter just because we're in the middle of our rate case filing. And as a result, we don't have access to the full complement of capital recovery mechanisms that we will have sort of on the other side of this rate case. And so just know that we've taken steps to begin to reduce that historical regulatory lag, and I think we'll be in place that gives sort of a more normalized view of that on the other side of the rate case. 
