Scott Prochazka: Insoo good morning. This is Scott. As we said earlier, we're going to go through the whole exercise of updating our guidance through the process of planning. But as Xia pointed out, we are continuing to invest in our utilities and the utilities get their growth through investment and then subsequent recovery. So the growth potential for our utilities is still very, very much intact but we're going to provide more clarity on exactly what that looks like as we complete this planning process.
Scott Prochazka: No there's not. We haven't -- as I said, we haven't gone through the process. But as we sit here today, we still have the same issues and levers and opportunities facing that businesses we did before.
Scott Prochazka: So, from a timing standpoint, it's simply the result of us having completed an evaluation of our thinking about that ownership. And it just culminated following some discussions with our Board and we chose Monday to disclose that following those discussions with our Board. So, that's the only -- the only thing that went into the timing and it was really driven by as I said earlier, the post-merger environment, given where we sit today with our capital requirements given what Enable has done to derisk their business observing the consistency of the cash flows and of course as we know the markets aren't really constructive for unit sales. So, it all fell together for us to make this change and communicate the value of the cash flow that Enable brings to our capital needs. I think your second -- remind me of your second question if you would.
Scott Prochazka: So, we look at them as a source of cash. As Xia noted earlier, their EBITDA exceeds their capital requirements. So, we look at them as a source of cash for funding. There is more risk in those businesses certainly than the utilities. But we look to operate those in a way where we can mitigate those risks. We do see the value there being the cash.
Scott Prochazka: We -- as I said earlier, we appreciate and enjoy realizing the cash that comes off of them, but we constantly have to challenge ourselves to think about ways -- each of our businesses can create more shareholder value which is part of our process. And a great example is exactly what we did with our Enable evaluation and the decision we made around keeping those units.
Scott Prochazka: Well, Julien, probably the best way to answer this is when we're looking at the five-year plan; the focus is on the effects of investment over a longer period of time, getting out to the end. What the actual impacts are for a given year and in particular, as we think about 2020 is going to really become clear as we complete this planning process. So while we got confidence in our CAGR, I would say, that what we -- what this planning process needs to do is really zero in on what our 2020 number looks like, as we build it up from the combined company perspective as opposed to the way we have been building it up, which was based on a prior plan and making adjustments to the prior plan. So it's a -- I don't want to get out in front of my answer on 2020, but I do know -- I can tell you that, as we think about the performance of our business on an annual basis, it's still very much driven very heavily by the investments we make in our utilities and the recovery of those investments.
Scott Prochazka: Julien, there's always an opportunity for settlement in these cases. I would say at the moment that conversations are being head, but they're not overly active. So we'll still have time between now and when the commission meets to pursue one. I don't know how to handicap it. I can't say that settlements have occurred in the state before, but there are also many cases where the rate case is actually going to the commission for decision. So tough to handicap this one, but I don't want to say that settlement is off the table.
Scott Prochazka: Yeah. Those systems that we talked about -- system integration work is more in line of the cost to achieve dollars that would be spent. So it's -- those are -- when I say cost to achieve dollars and they're not going to impact the $75 million to $100 million of savings that we have planned for 2020.
Scott Prochazka: To the extent that there's cost to achieve dollars spent in 2020 that would obviously come out of our financials, if that's what you're asking.
Scott Prochazka: So just a couple of thoughts. One clearly, the valuation issues that the sector is seeing is a factor in terms of the ability to sell those units without incredible tax leakage and therefore a very non-value creating transaction for shareholder. So the market clearly has made the idea of selling something more challenging. But the fundamental issue for us was just one around given where Enable sits today and its financial health and how they derisk their business their ability to continue to provide cash to us that we use for investment we feel better about today perhaps than we did years ago. So with their change in their coverage ratios and with their -- some of the shifts in their contracting and some things that they've done to derisk their business and knowing that they made it through the more severe downturn years ago without having to cut distributions, we see the real value of Enable being as a source of cash for our capital needs.
Scott Prochazka: That is correct. We went through an analysis. We spent time as management team certainly with our Board around our position on this and have arrived at the conclusion that we believe it's more valuable now to keep and utilize the cash flows than it is to sell.
Scott Prochazka: Yeah. Our view on the business hasn't really changed. We got a good quality management team that came over with the acquisition. The management team over there knows this business well and operated extremely well. They have as you've noted increased their business. So their business performance this year is anticipated to be better than last year. That's as a result of expanding both their distribution business and some of their transmission business. We continue to see a strong demand for that type of work out of the market. So as we sit here today, we see that as a business that has good fundamentals to keep driving its performance.
Xia Liu: Insoo like Scott pointed out, the capital program for the utility we think for 2019 to 2023 will be consistent with what we disclosed before at our last 10-K. The timing of the capital like Scott pointed out could move around within this five-year window. So in terms of a five-year equity issuance, we are not expecting a change at this time. The timing of it may be slightly different.
Xia Liu: Yeah. Selling Enable units was definitely a part of the – in the mix. And that's why we were actively out there saying that that was one of the strategic options for us. So now we've made a decision to keep Enable and the Midstream Investments. So as I said before, I think the equity need will be driven by – primarily by the timing of capital for – as example so the five-year window between 2019 and 2023, if we see Houston Electric or the natural gas utility needing more capital more up – more front-ended that potentially could advance the equity issuance, but because the total capital we – right now, what we know today is not projected to be different for the 5-year window. I think from an overall standpoint the timing of the equity could be different, but the overall five-year impact should be the same or similar.
Xia Liu: Unless we – as I said before unless we realize we're in the process of updating the details of the capital need. Unless Houston Electric finds additional capital need that we will need to fund it sooner than before than we might consider turning on DRIP or other options in the near-term. But we don't know that yet. We're going through the planning process right now.
Xia Liu: Absolutely. You see on our EPS walk for the year 2019, we expect $0.62 from our utility $0.62 increase compared to the same period in 2018. So in other words, our utilities – we expect the utilities to offset the CES. We also have some favorable income tax expense items. So we are maintaining the midpoint of $1.65 despite of the $0.04 decrease expected from CES.
Xia Liu: Yeah. It's both. If you look at the second quarter so quarter 2019 versus second quarter 2018 we had $0.05 of positive variance. And that's comprised of better utility performance and a little bit higher income tax, favorable income tax. So that was not planned. But some of the tax items that you were aware of that, we recorded last year we did plan those. So there's some positive income tax variances that we didn't plan.
Xia Liu: We're not ready to comment on the 2020. We're going through the normal planning process. We want to build a bottom up plan that incorporates all the newly acquired jurisdictions to really go through a disciplined process to give you a clear picture about 2020. So we need time to do that. As Scott iterated just now, we do expect strong utility capital investment program. We do have -- we're laser-focused on O&M management. So the business fundamentals are still the same. But we need to go through the process. We need to hear Enable's 2020 guidance and all that is to lead us to want to take a pause and really let big normal process do its work and give you a guidance on the fourth quarter call.
Xia Liu: We're not commenting on Enable. The one thing you didn't know is we took the lower end of the guidance range to develop our 2019 EPS walk.
Xia Liu: We are assuming -- we're not -- we don't want to get ahead of the process, the RFP process, the team is working very hard on the ground, to work with the stakeholders for solutions. But we would expect some spending through 2023 related to the IRP. It probably would not be to the amounts that we originally shared with you. But we also know that the pipeline replacement program requires additional capital. We also know that the system modernization program at CEHE requires more capital. So I would say that, from an overall standpoint, you would look at the five-year as it would be very similar from what you have before.
Xia Liu: We're in the process of finalizing the estimate on the integration costs. I think we have a appendix slide in the earnings deck that we described the details of the year-to-date spend. And the year-to-date roughly we have spent $160 million. And so we'll continue to expect a similar range we previously disclosed with you. The timing of it depending on the system integration cost estimation process could be slightly different from prior, but the total amount should be relatively the same very similar.
Xia Liu: It wasn't the -- it wasn't. I think we wanted to go through again go through the rigorous process to build out the plan and to have visibility about the variability the factors we described. One thing we are thinking about is if the integration process goes beyond 2020, how should we treat the cost to achieve in -- within our outside of the guidance range.
Xia Liu: I think you said it very well. If they do pass 2020, the likelihood is that we would exclude it from guidance going forward.
Xia Liu: I don't have the quarterly breakdown. It's projected to be for the year $0.06. And you know year-to-date they're positive too. So for the second half of the year we have $0.08 downside compared to the same period last year. For the full-year, it's $0.06 down.
Xia Liu: They stay pretty flat, but it's a very small portion of our total customer count. It accounts for 145,000 customers for the entire Indiana Electric.
