David Mordy: Thank you, and good morning, everyone. Welcome to our second quarter 2020 earnings conference call. Dave Lesar, CEO; and Kristie Colvin, Interim CFO and CAO, will discuss our second quarter 2020 results and provide highlights on other key areas.  Today, management will discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on management's beliefs, assumptions and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon various factors, including weather, regulatory actions, the economy and unemployment, commodity prices, the impact of COVID-19 pandemic and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. We undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement for any reason. We will also discuss guidance for 2020 in two components. In summary, the utility EPS guidance range includes net income from our utility segments as well as after-tax operating income from the Corporate and Other segment. This guidance range considers operations performance to date and assumptions for certain significant variables that may impact earnings, as noted in our earnings release. The guidance range also reflects dilution and earnings as if the Series C preferred stock were issued as common stock, and incorporates our COVID-19 scenario ranges, which Kristie will discuss further in her remarks. Utility EPS guidance range also assumes an allocation of corporate overhead based upon its relative earnings contribution. Utility EPS guidance excludes midstream investments EPS range, results related to our recent divestitures and cost and impairment resulting from the sale of these businesses, certain expenses associated with merger integration and Business Review and Evaluation Committee activities, severance costs, earnings or losses from the change in the value of ZENS and related securities and changes in accounting standards. In providing this guidance, CenterPoint Energy uses a non-GAAP measure of adjusted diluted earnings per share that does not consider the items noted above and other potential impacts, including unusual items, which could have a material impact on GAAP reported results for the applicable guidance period. We also provide guidance for midstream investments, which takes into account, among other things, the outlook provided by Enable on their earnings call. For further information on our guidance methodology and a reconciliation of the non-GAAP measures used in providing earnings guidance during today's call, please refer to our earnings news release and our slides, which can be found under the Investors section on our website. As a reminder, we may use our website to announce material information. I'd like to call your attention to our upcoming corporate responsibility report, which we anticipate publishing later this year. In addition to carbon reduction efforts, the report will highlight employee and supplier diversity and inclusion, COVID-19 risk management, governance, safety and more. Before Dave begins, I would like to mention that this call is being recorded. Information on how to access the replay can be found on our website. Finally, I will note that in contrast with previous conference calls, slides should be considered supplemental materials, and are not paced with the upcoming remarks. I will now turn the call over to Dave.
David Mordy: Shar, just as a reminder, we're going to not hit any BREC questions today just since we have that ongoing. And we'll certainly update folks when we have updates on that.
David Mordy: Thank you, everyone, for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. That will conclude our second quarter 2020 earnings call. Have a great day.
Dave Lesar: Sure. Well, thanks for the compliment. I appreciate it. I want to congratulate our team for the quarter. They did a great job. As I said in my prepared remarks, we have lots of upside beyond the capital plan that we have out there right now. If you look at the organic growth in Texas, you look at opportunities we have in Minnesota, you look at the IRP plant in Indiana, that to me is why making sure that we're doing proper capital allocation is so important. Because we have the luxury of having more opportunities in front of us than, at this point, we can fund. And therefore, we have to figure out a way to efficiently fund them and be able to drive continued growth. And at some point in time, obviously, as we said in the call, we'd like to up our growth projections going forward, and that's what we would anticipate to do.
Dave Lesar: Yes. I mean, let me just comment in this way. I mean I've covered a lot of territory in my first 30 days, but I haven't covered all the ground we have in the organization. So let me defer off to probably the next quarter call to address some of those related topics. When we say simplify the story, as I sort of look back at how we've communicated with shareholders over the past several years, we really have not had a consistent message. We've had a relatively complicated story. We've had a lot of M&A. We've had regulated versus nonregulated. We've had the MLP to deal with. And so I do believe that a simple message to shareholders consistently executed quarter after quarter will, I think, help regain confidence that shareholders have in us as a management team and our ability to not only maintain but grow our future revenue and return stream. And so I guess, at the end of the day, give me some time. 30 days is not enough time to give you a complete answer, but we're definitely headed in that direction.
Dave Lesar: Yes. I mean, what I said is basically, what you want to always do as a company is make sure you optimize your financial flexibility as an organization. COVID is a perfect example of why you can't predict the future. So if you can't predict the future, you need to be as financially flexible as you possibly can. And so focusing on our financial flexibility and then, of course, in our case, that means looking at our balance sheet, looking at our borrowing capacity. And then looking at our overall capital structure, where do you lodge your debt, for instance? Do you put it at the parent? Do you put it at the individual subsidiaries? The ultimate goal, as I said, is to basically have a long-term capital structure that allows us to grow the business beyond the 5% to 7% that we have out there. And that's an integral part of what we're studying right now. And it's a process we're in the middle of, and I don't want to sort of presuppose any outcome, which is really why we don't really want to talk about any more of the inner workings of the BREC at this point in time. Give it a chance to work. I think the BREC is working really, really well. But we're really only at half time, if you will, in terms of what we're doing and what we're looking at. And just let me leave it at that.
Dave Lesar: They are absolutely there. Every time I see Kenny Mercado, for instance, who runs our electric business, he has a sheet of paper he brings with him with all the extra areas that we could invest just in Houston Electric or Indiana.
Dave Lesar: Sure. They are our representatives. They are not independent directors on Enable Board. They represent our interest and Enable. And just like when Kristie was on the Board, she would talk to me about what was happening in Enable. They will be in constant communication with us as to their views of that organization.
Dave Lesar: Well, I mean, I think there's a number of ways for a company to get more efficient. One is just sort of be Draconian and institute cost controls and cost management down. I think that if you look at our operating metrics, as I indicated on the call, our O&M per customer or our O&M per this metric or that metric. Our reliability standards are very, very good. So I think you come away saying, "Operationally, our folks run a pretty efficient business." But the reality is that any business can become more efficient. And one of the things I have done, as I mentioned in the call, not only have we trimmed back some of the more senior management in the organization, I have restructured where functions report within the organization to put them more adjacent to places they naturally should fit. So customer service, for instance, which is a very technology-driven part of our business, I have put adjacent to the IT department for now because I can I believe we can share set of costs. We can share some infrastructure. We can share some management across that. So I think one is just looking at the business differently. Two is using technology a little bit more efficiently to help us continue to look at reducing our costs. And then the third is, as I mentioned, just structurally, looking at things like putting the electric businesses together under one management team and trying to harvest the sort of efficiencies you get there. So again, I don't I'm not here to say I have all the answers. 30 days has come and gone very quickly. I'm still learning a lot about how we fit together and are stitched together as an organization. But I've been in business a long time, and I recognize that any company, no matter where they are in their life cycle, can always be more efficient. And I just need to make sure that we're making prudent decisions around making us more efficient, and that's what we're doing.
Dave Lesar: No. I mean, I think that it's really let's not get totally focused on electric. Yes, we have tons of upside in electric. We can take on more of the ownership on the renewable side, in the IRP in Indiana. Renewables is a space that we need to learn to play in. Not only does it bring some tax advantages, but it really is the wave of the future. And so it's something that we need to learn how to do because we really haven't tippy-toed into that area in the past. As I've said in my remarks, that Houston Electric is a crown jewel utility. I mean it's in a market that has grown consistently for decades. As I said earlier, the guys the guy who runs our Houston Electric business carries around a list in his pocket of things he would like to invest in incremental to our $13 billion we have. But also our gas business is good. And as I mentioned in the call, we can invest at or greater into that business for the next decade. And so that, to me, is why it comes back to making sure we have an efficient capital structure that allows us to take on those opportunities, grow the business beyond the 5% to 7% and do it in a way that doesn't dilute down our shareholders any more than you normally would have to, to grow the business.
Dave Lesar: Yes. Number one, we're reaffirming the 5% to 7% growth rate that we have out there. That is built around a $13 billion capital spend base. So use that as the baseline, if you will. My effort and my goal and again, I don't have all the answers after 30 days. But if you look at developing the balance sheet flexibility, you look at efficient capital allocation process, you look at the opportunities we have in front of us, I believe that when we get through this process that we could look at increasing our growth rate. I'm not saying we're going to do it yet. I'm not declaring that today. What I'm saying is that's aspirational for us at this point in time. And we have the biggest building block available to us to be able to do that, which is the capital opportunity that exists in in our Texas businesses, our gas businesses, our Indiana businesses. So unlike a lot of utilities that maybe have the capital available but not the opportunities, we have the opportunities available, which many don't, which is a really great place to start. And so that's what I'm trying to convey is our excitement around the opportunities. It's my job and the job of the management team now to figure out how do we get the balance sheet flexibility to take advantage of those opportunities.
Dave Lesar: Yes. Let me have Kristie answer the front part of that, and I'll try to come in and back clean up a little bit.
Dave Lesar: Yes. I think, Julien, the way I think about it is that if you looked at sort of our initial view, we had an allocated amount of that $13 billion in capital to the plan in Indiana. As I look at the renewable opportunity with respect to that, our initial view was that we would not take on much of that. I really want to revisit that because I think for two reasons. One, I think we need to be in the renewable space. We need to learn how to operate in that space. And because of the basically the tax advantages of it, we ought to be in that space. And therefore, we're really right in the middle of us reassessing what part of that plant and how much do we want to own and how we might find and seek partners for the rest of it.
Dave Lesar: So what was in the 13 I'm looking at Kristie now. What was in the $13 billion plan was about $300 million to $400 million for the IRP.
Dave Lesar: You actually just made my pitch in terms of what we want to do. Yes, we are engaged with the credit rating agencies. I've had a lot of experience with them over the years. I understand it's a matter of laying out a process and a path forward. I agree with you that in terms of the credit metrics that were held against today or potentially will be held against in the future, that's a dialogue we have to have with them. I think we have to demonstrate a path to growth, which I think we as we've talked today, we're going to be able to do reaffirm where our current commitments are, which we are doing today, but then have a dialogue with them that doesn't, in effect, penalize us for the cash flow that we get off of Enable. And that's an ongoing dialogue. And I hate to keep coming back to it, but give me more than 30 days to sort of get those conversations behind us. But they're top of mind at this point in time, for sure.
Dave Lesar: Yes. I mean, basically, if you could name it, we took a look at it. I mean, clearly, you look at PE. You look at discount to where we ought to be trading with the assets we have, with the growth potential we have, with our affirmation of our earnings per share and the 5% to 7% CAGR that we put out there. But I think instead of all relative market valuation metrics, we lag behind. And I think I understand why now, and a lot of it has to do with what I said in my remarks. In that, if you look at sort of the last year of history at CenterPoint, we've let our shareholders down, and it's my intent and my focus to turn that around. Again, I understand it isn't instantaneous. It's really a matter of engaging with our shareholders, listening to our shareholders, understanding what the individual shareholder may view as shortcoming in the organization. But as I said, as I've talked to people, I'm a very high-touch individual as a CEO. I like engaging with shareholders. I like debating with shareholders. And so again, just give me a chance to get out there, get you an opportunity to know me better. And I think that we'll rebuild that confidence.
Dave Lesar: No. I mean I think I know we can find the resource to pursue renewables in a cost-effective way. The question is going to be, how much of that do you bring in-house and build that capability? And how much do you hire as consultants? Or do you seek partners on it? And I think we're early in that process. We've made the conclusion, we need to be bigger in renewables. We have the perfect opportunity in front of us with the IRP plant in Indiana. We know that in that plant, we can get both into solar and to wind. And it really now is a matter of doing the calculation that optimizes what we want our participation to be there. But it is fair to say, we do not have much of that capability in-house at this point in time. But it is not such a scarce resource in the world that we can't go out and find it. And as I said, the decision for us is going to be how much do we bring in-house and institutionalize because we're going to be in this area for a long time. And how much do you use sort of the best assets and people in the industry to jump-start you in this area? And we're still going through that assessment. But I'm confident we'll hit the right balance.
Dave Lesar: Yes. I think we've been through sort of the process of exposing it to the market. That the response was very, very positive. Clearly, there are the regulatory hoops that we have to jump through. And frankly, I don't have enough knowledge about how we would do that. We've got our Head of Regulatory Affairs here, if you want to do a little bit deeper dive in terms of it. But I think it's got a lot of momentum behind it. I think the political process in Indiana, the political environment is positive. I think the reality is that you don't think of Indiana as a place that's got a lot of wind and a lot of solar opportunities, but it really does. And it's really wind in the north along the Great Lakes area and lots of sun in ability to build solar in the southern part. So I think the state is behind it because it sees an opportunity not only to develop the generation capability from renewables but to do it actually in Indiana, which brings with it then the construction jobs, the O&M jobs and those kinds of things. So I haven't really encountered any major opposition to it at this point in time. But it's still a bit early days, but we're optimistic at this point.
Dave Lesar: Yes. I mean I'll let Kristie give you a little more granularity, and then I'll sort of again come in and back clean up on the back end of the question.
Dave Lesar: Yes. I mean, I would just say, this is more anecdotally since I've moved back to Houston now. You see traffic starting to pick up a little bit. If your data points are how you're living your life every day, I'm seeing more traffic on the roads. But I'm sitting here in Downtown Houston right now, and it's still a ghost town. And the restaurants aren't open, the bars aren't open. And those are consumers of our products. And so as Kristie said, if you look at where we've had demand destruction, if you will, it's in sort of the light commercial, light industrial part of the business. So I think that if we could if anybody could predict sort of where COVID is going to go, they could make a lot of money betting in the stock market. That's not me. As I said earlier, we just have to make sure we have a company that's structured to be flexible enough to handle anything that is thrown at us. And what we gave you is sort of our best guess of the impact in the markets that we're in. And if you think back, our big markets are Minnesota, Indiana, Texas, a little bit of Ohio and Arkansas and Louisiana and Mississippi. And in each of those states is sort of approaching they're reopening in a bit of a different way. So we're giving you our best shot at it right now. Things might get better quicker, then we might get shut down. And we'll update you if we set a very off of the scenario that we laid out.
Dave Lesar: Let me have Kristie answer that one. She's our resident expert on regulatory lag and basically getting our capital investment into our rate base as fast as we can.
Dave Lesar: Yes. It's a good question. I guess, I see myself as 67 going on 50. I the reason I left Halliburton is Halliburton has a mandatory retirement age or, frankly, I would still be there. I've got a lot of energy. I like being a CEO. I like being a leader. And to me, this was a perfect opportunity because of the great assets, the great jurisdictions, the great people that are here. So I have not set a time line on my tenure here. I'll know it and the Board will know it when the time is right to move on. But I think for right now, I am totally committed. And as I said earlier, I've just moved back to Houston last weekend. And I am raring to go. And as far as I'm concerned, the sky is the limit at this point in my career.
Dave Lesar: Yes. Clearly, I know the governor. I know the governor well from my days at Halliburton. So having a meeting with the governor for me would be pretty easy to get. As I indicated in my prepared remarks, I've actually met with all three of the Public Utility Commissioners in Texas. I had a sit face-to-face sitdown with the Chairman of the PUC in Texas. We did have a frank discussion and dialogue around the rate case and the outcome. But I think it's really important to point one thing out, in that even though there was a lot of noise around our rate case, if you look at the outcome that we got and the outcome that others have gotten since then, we were really the maybe the first company up that was experiencing a bit of a policy change in and around the equity splits and the ROEs that were going to be allowed to utilities in Texas. And so that was part of the dialogue that I've had with the commissioner. If you look at where we came out, we're pretty much in the middle of the more recent cases that have been adjudicated through the system in Texas. But that doesn't mean that we are not going to continue and I am not going to continue to have a dialogue. I mean it's important to have relationships with your regulators every place that you operate. They are in business to protect the consumers in their particular states, and it's our job to provide reliable gas and power to those consumers. So I don't necessarily see that has to be an adversarial relationship. It really needs to be a partnership, really pointed toward making sure that we're providing reliable power and gas to the consumers in the states where we operate.
Kristie Colvin: Yes. Well, we had our best guess of what our capital would be in the capital plan that we had for Indiana. I think it over the first years, the total capital plan for Indiana was in the $300 million range going to $400 million. And like Dave said, we're we hope to be able to do more than what is in that plan.
Kristie Colvin: So in our COVID-19 range, the new range, we have assumed that the recovery would go out through the end of the year. And so and gradually improve from the second quarter as what the peak would be.
Kristie Colvin: Yes. I mean, as you know, Houston Electric, we do have capital recovery mechanisms for both transmission and distribution capital. In the Texas Gas jurisdictions, we have capital recovery mechanisms as well. Our other jurisdictions, besides Minnesota, pretty much have well, I would say, Arkansas, Mississippi, Oklahoma, Louisiana, all have cost of service. So again, fairly quickly, the capital is in the rates. In Indiana and Ohio, we also have capital recovery mechanisms. So it's really Minnesota. And in Minnesota, we have interim rates and a rate case pretty much every couple of years to help reduce that regulatory lag. So we actually think we are in good shape. And as we increase this capital, we have the mechanisms.
Kristie Colvin: Yes. The interest is better than we had in our models for our plans, and, let's see, in the quarter, interest was favorable $0.03 to last year.
