Marianne Paulsen: Thank you very much Tina. Good morning everyone, this is Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations for CenterPoint Energy. I would like to welcome you to the second quarter 2010 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will discuss our second quarter 2010 results and will also provide highlights on other key activities. In addition to Mr. McClanahan and Mr. Whitlock we have other members of management with us who may assist in answering questions following the prepared remarks. Our earnings press release and Form 10-Q filed earlier today are posted on our website which is www.centerpointenergy.com under the Investors section. I would like to remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company’s filings with the SEC. Before Mr. McClanahan begins, I would like to mention that a replay of this call will be available until 6:00 p.m. Central Time through Wednesday, August 11, 2010. To access the replay please call 1800-642-1687 or 706-645-9291 and enter the conference ID number 86603138. You can also listen to an online replay of the call through the website that I just mentioned. We will archive the call on CenterPoint Energy’s website for at least one year. And with that I will now turn the call over to you, David McClanahan.
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you Gary. With that we will now open the call to questions. In the interest of time I will ask you to please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Tina would you please give the introduction on how to ask the questions.
Marianne Paulsen: Okay I think that’s about all the time we have left. So thank you very much to everyone. I would like to thank you very much for participating in our call today. We appreciate your support very much. Have a great day.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Thank you, good morning everybody and David really appreciate that you added color on the midstream. Maybe I can start there and you know with the track record that you are putting in place getting Magnolia in the service little bit ahead of schedule, winning Olympia, how do we stand right now about the potential for exporting this franchise to other basins whether it is with Encana Shell or within maybe other players.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: Okay and then maybe then a follow-up just also on the pipeline side. Looking at least basis for Florida in July has widened out quite substantially. Is that having any benefit on to SESH right now and if I recall correctly there's some additional contract to be layered on to that come into service with SESH anyway maybe mid-2011 is that correct.
Carl Kirst - BMO Capital: So the interim is sold out for October and the final remaining contracts will come in service next year is that.
David McClanahan: Yeah we continue to talk to all of our customers including Shell and Encana about some of the basins that we would like to get into and Eagleford is probably one that gets the most attention but we are in discussions and we hope to be successful there but there's lot of competition for this business and hopefully we are demonstrating to our customers that we can do this well, meet their expectations and give them on time and that's our goal there. But I would say we are just in discussions now. We really have nothing to report at this time. But we are working hard on it.
David McClanahan: Yeah we have about a 155 a day that's wasn't sold or it starts later but we've already sold that on an interim basis through October so we did that back in May. So we have no additional capacity that's on market there to my knowledge.
David McClanahan: That’s right and we still have about 80 a day that is installed on a long term basis. But we know some of these contracts kind of come in over time and what there's 75 that's coming in middle of next year on long term basis, we still have that 80 we need to sell.
David McClanahan: Now as you know we got an $18 million transmission case and a $76 million distribution case. I did mention that we think the $76 million is really more like $91 million and the $18 million, so you add those two together and you get what $109 million. A little bit of the transmission is embedded in our distribution, because our distribution customers pay for that. But let’s just say that $105 million or so and what we are trying to do just give you the sensitivities, of that $105 million, $38 million is AMS. And we were required to reconcile our AMS investments and we move that into base rates. So that accounts for a part of it. $40 million accounts for the increase in the capital structure, of the equity components. Now, we firmly believe that the Commission at least some of the commissioners have indicated that they think we need a (thicker) equity component. And we believe that too and we asked for 50%. If we get 50% that has that $40 million effect, if we get 45%, well, take $20 million off of that. And then the ROE simply, we are giving sensitivities around that and you can guess kind of what the Commission might do there as well if we can. These are the big components but there were some other big components but they were offset by other things we did that reduced expenses. So net-net those are the big items and I think those are ones that our case is most sensitive to.
David McClanahan: Well, we have seen natural gas liquids prices higher this year than last year, there's no question about it. I think they have started to come down a little bit both in the second quarter from the first and we still see a little weakness there. Still not to the levels they were in 09. We've seen some and I will speak to our basins we've seen some traditional drilling this year. There's probably 65 or 70 well in our traditional basin that have been added to our systems that’s more than last year. But I’m not sure if that's what’s driving that. Certainly the Eagleford area is hot because of all the liquids and the oil in that play. And I think a lot of producers are moving into that area for that very reason. But we still see a fare amount activity in the basins we are traditionally gathering.
David McClanahan: I will take the last one first. We’re about. We thought that about 46% which was our actual equity structure, we want to take that up to 50%. Our earned ROE was 11.13 for the last or for 2009 that's the latest number I have. But if you adjust that for whether, it’s about 9.8% on our actual cap structure which was 46% equity.
David McClanahan: We actually Paul haven’t officially filed it yet to our case. So we are going probably do that next week. Really in answering some interrogatories we looked at how we normalized certain rate classes and we concluded we think we have overstated the amount of revenues that our current rates will produce. That's still being studied pretty hard and so we haven’t filed it yet but we feel pretty confident that we've probably overstated it. Now it doesn't affect our request. You know what we are requesting is the same, it just affects the deficiency between what our current rates will produce versus what we requested. So it’s not uncommon to have a rate in these kind of cases.
David McClanahan: We held the open seas and the open seas in (inaudible) we are now talking with the customers that responded to that open season but we have reached no conclusion yet around that. Other than we don’t think there's a big bullet pipe, new bullet pipe that we would be a proud of but there could be some other things that come out of that but we are just, we are still talking I guess I would say.
David McClanahan: Yeah let me try the impact of it one at a time. We currently have about, we are building 1.5 bcf of system capacity in the Haynesville and there's an additional expansion option that Shell Encana could elect on both those systems that could take that capacity to 2.8. So we got 1.5 committed and it could go to 2.8. If you look at where we were in our traditional basin, a year ago we were gathering 1.1 bcf a day so the Shale plays are going to quickly be the biggest part of our system and we have things from erosion in our traditional basin. So I expect that we are going to see the Shales overtake the conditional basins this year and then going forward we are going to have more and more of our revenues are going to be from these throughput guarantee contracts and rate of return guaranteed contracts. I haven’t done the mix but we try to give you a little flavor around so far this year we have got 158 bcf a year in total from traditional and a 126 from Shale plays. My guess is by the end of this year the Shale plays will catch up and surpass the traditional basins or be very close to.
David McClanahan: It’s about $23 million a year. So there was about $6 million I think in the second quarter and a comparable amount in the first quarter. So that $23 million for the total year.
David McClanahan: As I said earlier, in terms of our benefit plans in our drip we've raised that 55 million, we really can’t extrapolate that out because of the timing of those contributions. But think about 3 million shares for the balance of the year, its what you, the price will be determined at that point in time but think about additional 3 million shares coming from the combination of our Investor’s Choice plan and our Benefit plan.
David McClanahan: Yeah, that’s correct, I mean, at that point we would evaluate it if we have a project significantly above and beyond that, but as you know, Steve we, these businesses produce a lot of cash, we are able to, obviously retain earnings and we have debt capacity so we can execute our visible business plan.
David McClanahan: No, I didn’t include any major, pipeline projects. It does include some estimates of some growth projects and some of those we deferred. We don’t think we are going to execute on this year and they maybe pushed out into the future. But I think it’s still a fair representation of the future CapEx short of a big project.
David McClanahan: We've been doing that like $90 million or so, yeah I would say that as we look forward it ranges from $90 million to $75 million depending on the year. But that’s kind of the maintenance capital.
David McClanahan: Now Carl what we do when we prepare a case and this is part of the rules that you have to go by is you have to normalize your current revenues based on the year end number of customers and volume and in normalizing one class and its really the large commercial class we think we may have attributed too many revenues to the current rates, i.e. we overstated what the current rates will produce. That in effect is our request but does affect kind of how we look at the delta between current rates and what we requested. As I say we’re still looking at that, you know its $15 million or so, is our calculation. If we get comfortable with that we will file the (rata) early next week and we feel pretty strongly that we probably overstated it and I wouldn’t mention it and I just didn't want you guys to be and frankly we didn't something here two or three days in advance of having to follow it. But that's what it is, its simply we have to normalize revenues and in normalizing we think we overstated the current rates.
Lasan Johong: Rate case, just going over the numbers again $38 million for the smart meter, $40 million for the equity component to 50%. 11.25%, are we at $7 million for 25 basis points, I believe it was a 75 basis point increase.
Lasan Johong: Well, basically to cut the conversation short, it looks like the amount of the rate increase you said you are requesting is $15 million but I'm looking at a number more like $21 million, does that mean that this other components are accounting for the difference.
Lasan Johong: Understood, on the field service business NGL spreads have been going up and down like a yoyo and as of late its been strengthening obviously this doesn’t necessary have a direct impact on CenterPoint but wondering if there are some sensitivities on the drilling front around movements in NGL and if you have seen the effects of that. So NGL pricing and if you see the effects of that and if you think there's overall abundance of NGLs coming down the line with over Shale drilling.
Gary Whitlock: We got good warm letter here in Houston so that bodes well for the electric business as you know and our other businesses are doing fine, and we are optimistic.
Gary Whitlock: I think pension was something like $26 million, amortization was $20 and the offset in depreciation was a little less than $40 million, like $38 million or $39 million.
Gary Whitlock: Yeah we’ve got about a 1.5 million meters installed now our installation rate is about 80,000 per month. So by the end of this year we’ll have a little less than a 1 million and then we’ll install a close to a 1 million next year not quite. And then by probably, the mid-2012 we will be complete.
Gary Whitlock: Yeah we are still looking at that Haynesville area. If there's anything there. Now we think it's a smaller project that's really probably an expansion of our existing system which doesn't really kind of fit with the joint venture. But we are still talking with them and we are still watching the market. As you know we had an open season in Haynesville and we are still talking to customers that responded to that open season have made no decisions yet around that.
Gary Whitlock: There was no difference in weather between the second quarter of last year and the second quarter of this year. They were both a little warmer than normal. I think if you look at it from a normalized basis we probably gained 19 million from weather but we gained the same amount in ’09. So really very little difference between the years.
Gary Whitlock: No I don’t think there's anything soon rather than later. Look as I have said he have strengthened our balance sheet. We can execute our business plan at least that the visible plan that we have in front of it. Certainly if there's a terrific new project, we will step back and look at our balance sheet to ensure that credit ratings are secure and then we can execute our business plan but I don’t think there's anything in the foreseeable future or the near-term let's say that.
Gary Whitlock: Yeah, and I think we have a schedule on that, I don’t think we have provided, I mean its (inaudible) this is in the filings.
Gary Whitlock: Well, first of all we will see how that plays out and again just to remind you Nathan through the extent there was to be some downside this is not a significant cash need, immediate cash, there will be some but its not immediate because the refunds will be over the remaining life securitization bond. So from that perspective, to the extent as I have said before justice is served and we do receive a significant amount of dollars then we have not determined at that point. Certainly that’s going to allow us to fund growth in the future and certainly we would substitute for any need for equity to the extent we are able to execute on value creating growth in the future, above and beyond our current plan.
Gary Whitlock: Well I think over time we are going to continue to improve the overall ratio. As you know we still do have some holding company debt, although we are repaying down and we are tying some debt in September. So over the long term and well I think probably 60-40 is probably is a better capital structure. But our utilities remain strong and that's our focus is doing financing going forward at the utilities. So we have overtime reduced the debt at the parent company and finance of the utilities.
Gary Whitlock: Well, I don’t think you can think of it like that because its variable depending on the timing of the contributions and the matches in our benefit plans. So as I have said we’ve issued I think about 4.5 million shares year-to-date. You can’t really double that. So that's not giving sort of an estimate of 3 million. Again that can vary, so think about 7.5 million shares for the full year. That’s an estimate.
Gary Whitlock: Well I think if you think 2011, again still some moving parts. But its I think you have think of that sort of number of shares yeah.
Gary Whitlock: Yeah, both contracts or all four contracts with our customer for Olympia and Magnolia are five year windows for those expansions to be elected and then after that we would negotiate expansions after that with them for the 15 years.
Gary Whitlock: You know Yves I have read, we can answer that by looking into our (inaudible) June slide presentation for the earnings call will give you a good idea of what gas prices they would like and when the drilling (inaudible) in that presentation.
Gary Whitlock: We are looking at them the amount of time with our customers. And of course Shell and Encana is a derivative of an acquisition of their existing facilities there that they were building to test the production. So we are always looking at acquisitions with our footprint outside.
Gary Whitlock: I don’t think, I don’t read anything into that, I think if you think of an acquisition, you can think of that as a major or significant project whether it be organic or from an other source.
Scott Rozzell: We filed that on Monday. The parties will discuss it with us whether or not they think that that’s the kind of things that would justify a change in the schedule. I can't predict that right now but right now we are working on the schedule that calls for a decision by the Commission towards year end.
Scott Rozzell: Daniel its Scott, the Commission has prepared a rule-making a proposed rule-making that would provide for a periodic adjustment and distribution right. The proposal that the Commission issued centered around a periodic adjustment to reflect capital investment whereas in our rate case we had asked for an adjustment that took into account not only capital but operating expenses as well. We’re in the early stages of the comment process on that rule making as you probably know the Commission issues a proposal, people comment on it, the Commission then may choose to revise their proposal, its been published further and then at some point adopted in final form. This may take some twists and turns before we see what the Commission finally wants to do with it. But we will urge them and the rule-making proceeding to expand the adjustment mechanism to include (mentors) and there are other parties who will have different ideas about how the Commission should do it. But I think what's driving this is just a recognition on the part of the Commission that the process for setting rights in Texas could stand to be modernized a little bit.
Scott Rozzell: Well, I think that’s a good guess, rule-making again doesn’t have fixed schedule upon which it has to play out, a lot of it depends on how quickly the parties end or the Commission can come to consistent on what ought to be done here. I would say that that’s a good guess of how long it might take, but I wouldn’t be surprised if they play that a little longer than that.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: And just that the utility level to get from that 46% equity ratio that you had actual in the rate case filings to the 50%. Is there ability to take equity from the parent down to Houston Electric or how will that functionally be done.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: Okay, and so just not paying dividends up to parent would want to get you up to the ratio quite quickly then.
Nathan Judge - Atlantic Equities: And just, thank you very much for your patience but one last question with regard to the drip, you mentioned $3 million, should we just annualize that i.e. $6 million on an annual basis going forward.
