Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today, and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We will begin on Slide 4. This morning, we reported a second quarter 2016 loss of $2 million or $0.01 loss per diluted share compared with net income of $77 million or $0.18 per diluted share in the same quarter of last year. Second quarter 2016 earnings were impacted by several charges, which Bill will discuss in greater detail later in the call. On a guidance basis, second quarter 2016 adjusted earnings were $73 million or $0.17 per diluted share compared with adjusted earnings of $84 million or $0.19 per diluted share in the same quarter of last year. The fundamentals of our utility business segments remain strong. On a guidance basis, utility operations contributed $0.14 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2016 compared to $0.13 per diluted share in the same quarter of last year. Improving $0.01, despite milder than normal weather at our electric utility. We continue to see strong customer growth in both our electric and gas utilities. Combined, our utilities added over 90,000 metered customers during the last 12 months. Capital expenditures remain strong as we invest to meet growth, safety and reliability needs within our service territories. Rate relief driven by capital investment continues to be an important contributor to earnings growth. To date, we have secured $45 million in annualized distribution investment recovery at our electric utility, and $18 million in annualized revenue associated with recovery of capital investments at our Texas gas utilities. Further, we expect approvals in two gas rate cases in the third and fourth quarters. Joe and Tracy will provide additional regulatory updates for their business segments later in the call. Turning to midstream investments, we have a number of highlights on Slide 5. Midstream investments contributed $0.03 per diluted share in the second quarter of 2016 compared to $0.06 per diluted share in the same quarter of last year. The contribution was reduced as result of losses attributable to changes in the fair value of commodity derivatives and an increase in deferred taxes. As I mentioned earlier, Bill will provide additional details on these items. Enable’s call highlighted the robustness of drilling activity in the SCOOP and STACK plays, which continue to be recognized as two of the top plays in the country. Enable continues to focus on strengthening their balance sheet, lowering cost and improving capital efficiency. We believe they are well positioned to take advantage of market opportunities over the next few years. Turning to slide 6; given the year-to-date performance and outlook for both utility operations and midstream investments, we are reaffirming full year earnings guidance of $1.12 to a $1.20 per diluted share. 2016 earnings growth drivers include utility customer growth, capital discipline, rate relief and operating and financing cost management. CenterPoint’s core strategy remains to operate, maintain and invest in our current utility service territories, deploying capital to address needs for system growth, maintenance, reliability, safety and customer interactions. In February, we announced that we would conduct two strategic reviews focused on possible incremental value creation for our long-term shareholders. One review contemplated placing utility assets in a REIT structure, with the assumption of executing a public offering of their REIT and redeploying those proceeds on behalf of our shareholders. We have completed our REIT evaluation based upon assumption for qualified assets, revenue requirements determined through general regulatory proceedings and capital markets considerations. Key variables include the collection of federal income taxes within the revenue requirement and the timing of adjustments to lease payments related to capital investments by the REIT on behalf of the utility operating company. We have concluded that current uncertainties along with the complexity of the structure do not warrant pursuit of a REIT. As always, we remain open to explore avenues for long-term value creation for our current shareholders. The strategic review regarding our Enable ownership is ongoing, and we remain committed to providing up update on this subject before the end of 2016. As I mentioned before, our utility fundamentals continue to be strong and on track. We remain committed to our vision to lead the nation in delivering energy, service and value. We are focused on consistent performance including safe, reliable and efficient operations for our customers and long-term value creation for our shareholders. Tracy will now update you on Houston Electric.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. Insoo, this is Scott. We've - we continue to see strong customer growth, as you've obviously noted and we posted in our results. We see all signs pointing to that continuing. We continue to track the leading indicators about housing development, and that continues to be strong. I will say that one area that may provide a little softening would be multifamily homes. That market is getting a little long here. But I think what that would do is that would probably tend to drive our growth rate from perhaps slightly above 2%, down closer to 2%, nothing that I would consider to be problematic. But that could be the downside piece of it. But other than that, we continue to see very strong local development.
Scott Prochazka: Ali, I certainly observed the same thing you are, and that is that there have been a number of consolidations. The strategy that we have is still very much centered around the investment we can make in our utilities and our current service territories. So our focus is - continues to be around the $1.3-plus billion we're spending on our own utilities and growing those utilities to meet the needs of our customers and grow our earnings along with that.
Scott Prochazka: Michael, as you know, Enable has not put out any information beyond this current year. That said, we have looked at a number of possible growth rates that could come from Enable, and we've tested that against our capabilities at the utility. And combined, under a number of different scenarios, we feel comfortable that we can achieve that 4% to 6% rate.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. We - we've looked at - like I said, Mike, we've looked at a number of scenarios, and one of them would be one where the growth rates have not returned for that segment as they had been in the past.
Scott Prochazka: So Michael, that would be a $4 million step up, assuming we did not make another DCRF filing next year.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. That's correct. Right. We can make another filing next year, and then we would go through a whole new determination, and then it would be a new number that would be in place of the $45 million that's there today.
Scott Prochazka: Well, it certainly is nice to see the commodities turning around as they have. But we went into this evaluation geared at looking for alternatives to reduce the volatility associated with this earning stream. So we're continuing our process. We're going to continue through even as commodities are improving, because we want to see if there's a way to reduce that volatility and a way that could create value for our shareholders.
Scott Prochazka: Brian, that concludes our strategic review of the concept of a REIT for utility assets. But our other review underway is the consideration around our Enable ownership. And as we've said, that's still ongoing.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. So the 5% that you see on the charts includes some items that have revenue offsets. So if you back that out and you consider some timing aspects of the spin on a quarter-to-quarter basis, we're still confident we can manage this expense in that - around 2% to 3% range.
Tracy Bridge: Thank you, Scott. I’m pleased with Houston Electric's performance this quarter. As you will see on Slide 8, core operating income in the second quarter of 2016 was $135 million compared with $131 million for the same period last year. The business benefitted from rate relief, customer growth, higher equity return primarily related to true-up proceeds and higher right-of-way revenues. These benefits were partially offset by higher depreciation in taxes, lower usage primarily due to milder weather, and modestly higher O&M. Similar to the first quarter of this year, higher depreciation was anticipated due to both the amount and type of capital invested. We continue to focus on keeping annual O&M growth under 2%, excluding certain expenses that have revenue offset. Houston Electric added approximately 55,000 metered customers since the second quarter of last year. We continue to anticipate approximately 2% metered customer growth this year. As we mentioned before, 2% customer growth equates to approximately $25 million to $30 million of incremental revenue annually. Slide 9 provides a regulatory update for Houston Electric. In April, we filed an application with the Texas Public Utility commission for a DCRF interim rate adjustment. Our application requested the annualized revenue requirement be set at $49.4 million. In July 2016, a settlement was approved by the commission, providing for an annualized revenue requirement of $45 million effective September 1, 2016. As a reminder, the amount is reset with each filing, so it is not additive to the approved DCRF revenue requirement from the prior filing. Recently, Houston Electric was awarded the International Smart Grid Action Network award of excellence and the Global Smart Grid Federation Best Smart Grid project. Through our smart grid deployment, key technology partnerships and the dedication of our employees, we have reduced outages by more than 134 million minutes, enabled restoration of more than1.5 million outage cases without a customer phone call, and saved millions of dollars in eliminated fees for more than 2.3 million metered customers in our service area. I am pleased to report Houston Electric's performance is on track for the year. Although, we experienced milder than normal weather in the second quarter, the third quarter to date has been warmer than normal. Further, the third quarter has historically been the most impactful quarter for Houston Electric. We will continue focus on the safety, reliability and efficiency of our system to meet the growing needs of our service territory. Joe will now update you on the results for gas operations.
Tracy Bridge: Michael, this is Tracy. We don't think about it as an incremental amount because every year, the revenue requirement is determined on a standalone basis. You might recall that a year ago, we implemented a rate increase of $16 million. And now, we're going to be implementing a rate increase of $45 million, but the 2 are not related because we calculate the revenue requirement independently every year. So if you're modeling it, just put in $45 million on an annualized basis starting September 1, 2016.
Tracy Bridge: Good morning, Charles. We're projecting $10 million to $20 million of right-of-way in miscellaneous revenue this year.
Tracy Bridge: Well, it depends on what you mean by normalized. Certainly, 10 years ago and beyond that, it would be much lower but we have had some pretty strong miscellaneous revenues in the last few years, as you recall.
Tracy Bridge: Good morning. We're not. The system's holding up very well. Unlike some parts of the country, we're accustomed to this heat humidity, and so the system's holding up fine. Thank you for asking.
Bill Rogers: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everyone. I will begin on Slide 16. We reported the second quarter 2016 loss of $0.01 per diluted share. Earnings included a charge of $110 million or $0.17 per diluted share associated with our ZENS securities. This charge is primarily due to the merger of Time Warner Cable and Charter Communications through a cash and site sale in the related revaluation of associated assets and liabilities on our books. Further details on the accounting at the merger date on May 18 are provided on Page 17 of the slide deck, as well as Note 11 in our second quarter Form 10-Q. In addition, the quarter also included a $0.01 mark-to-market charge in our Energy Services segment. Therefore, our earnings per share on a guidance basis was $0.17 versus earnings of $0.19 per share for the second quarter of 2015. Earnings per share increased $0.01 for our Utility Operations segment and decreased $0.03 for our Midstream Investments. Midstream was impacted by losses attributable to changes in fair value of commodity derivatives. As discussed on Enable's call and disclosed in their second quarter Form 10-Q, Enable uses derivatives to manage the partnership's commodity price risk. The accounting for these derivatives requires that the charges associated with the fair value of the instruments be recognized in current earnings. In addition, at the CenterPoint level, we recognize an increase in deferred tax expense related to recent Louisiana tax law changes and our Enable income from Louisiana. The sum of these 2 factors reduce the midstream per share contribution to earnings by approximately $0.03. Additionally, this is the first quarter that we recognize income from our investment in the Enable preferred, as disclosed in Footnote 8 and within Other Income. Assuming Enable declares this dividend on a going-forward basis, we expect to earn $0.03 per share in 2016 and $0.05 per share per year in future years. As a reminder, second quarter has historically provided the least contribution to our annual earnings. For the first 2 quarters of this year, we have delivered $0.49 in guidance earnings per share, consisting of $0.37 in utility earnings and $0.12 in the midstream earnings. Given our performance year-to-date and ongoing strong utility fundamentals, as Scott mentioned earlier, we are reiterating EPS guidance of $1.12 to $1.20. As shown on Slide 18, we are also reiterating our target of 4% to 6% EPS growth in each of 27 and 28 '17 and 2018. On Slide 19, we provide an overview of our anticipated financing plans, interest expense and effective tax rate. Year-to-date, internally generated cash is strong, allowing us to fully fund capital expenditures and to pay dividends. In the second quarter, our interest expense was lower on a period-to-period basis due to refinancing maturing debt at lower interest rates. During the quarter, we refinanced $300 million of short-term debt at Houston Electric with a 5-year maturity at a coupon of 1.85%. We expect to refinance another $300 million of short-term debt at Houston Electric in the second half of 2016. Therefore, for the full year 2016, we expect interest expense to be lower compared to 2015 with an EPS contribution of approximately $0.02. Interest expense saving opportunities should also present themselves in 2017 and 2018. We have $1.15 billion in maturities in those years, and the weighted average coupon for this maturing debt is roughly 6.1%. With respect to cash expense, as a result of deferred tax recognition for the Midstream segment income, we expect our effective tax rate to be 37% this year. This is higher than our previously stated anticipated tax rate of 36%. In addition to our earnings release and our 10-Q filings for all of our registrants filed this morning, we would like to remind you of other press releases or filings of interest. First, our Board of Directors declared a $0.2575 dividend per share on July 28, payable on September 9. Second, on July 21, we filed with the SEC an amendment to our Form 13D with respect to our ownership interest in Enable Midstream. The required update to our February filing reflects that we send OGE a right of first offer, or ROFO, and that we will solicit offers from third parties to acquire our interest in Enable. As stated in our press release earlier this year and in our Form 13D/A, we continue to evaluate a number of strategic alternatives for our investment in the partnership, including a sale, a spin-off or maintain our ownership. As Scott stated, our intent is to provide an update on the review prior to the end of the year. And with that, I'll turn the call back over to David.
Bill Rogers: Insoo, good morning. It's Bill. The spin-off and the consideration of the sale are 2 separate tracks. So if OGE were to make an offer to CenterPoint for CenterPoint stakes, then we are not obligated to accept that offer.
Bill Rogers: Certainly. Good morning, Ali. The tax consideration is still there. As we've discussed, we have negative basis in our investment in Enable Midstream. And therefore, a sale for cash would result in a significant taxable gain.
Bill Rogers: Yes. So their potential to defer an eventual recognition of gain through a sale for stock or some other currency, we would likely get there if we went on that structure through a reorganization under the tax code.
Bill Rogers: Steve, we'll look the required disclosure at that time, and that of course would depend on - upon their response.
Bill Rogers: Yes. Just to put some more clarity on that, Steve, they have 30 days to respond to the ROFO. If they did not respond, then we would move forward with a solicitation of offers, although we're not precluded from doing that at this time. If they did respond, then we would have 30 days to respond to their offer. And then subsequent to that, we would have the 120 days.
Bill Rogers: Steve, again, it's Bill. If nothing happened other than the forward curve staying the same at June 30 and they didn't enter into any more hedges, as it played out, much, but not all of that, would come back in 2016 with a balance in 2017. But should gas prices go higher, under mark-to-market accounting, that could impact what Enable records. Or should it go lower, go the other way. So it very much depends upon where gas prices are each quarterly statement period.
Bill Rogers: Neel, it's Bill. There's no difference between OGE and any other buyer with respect to tax consequences.
Bill Rogers: Neel, here's how do we get our thinking on equity. We take a look at our credit metrics, principally FFO to debt, and we're currently at approximately 20%. We want to maintain that because we like our credit ratings. Admittedly, we think we have some bad capacity within that. But if that were to erode, then we would consider equity. And that could erode from any number of factors, including, as you said, a higher rate of capital investment.
Bill Rogers: Enable, in 2015, was under 20% of our cash flow in the way we think about our internally generated cash flow. So it's significant, but we'd have to take a look at what the credit metrics would be for us and what that might imply for equity at that time.
Bill Rogers: Right. So we have not contemplated that strategy. I think that, that would have some combination of the tax effects that would either - you would either have in a sale for stock and a spin.
Bill Rogers: You're correct. $325 million did mature in May. We met that maturity with cash flow generated at CERC and short-term borrowings. As I said on our March, in this call, we were cash flow positive for the first 6 months of the year, including investments on CapEx on behalf of our customers and including dividends paid to our shareholders.
Bill Rogers: Yes. I would advise using 36% for our provision. It's just going to be 37% this year due to the change in Louisiana law.
Bill Rogers: This remains a very low cost source of capital for us. If we were to think about buying back the debt, we would have recognition from a tax perspective associated with the capital gain that we've otherwise deferred.
Bill Rogers: Right. There are ways to continue to defer recognition of taxes if we sold for stock or units of another entity. But it would not be through a like kind exchange. It would be through a reorganization within the tax code.
Bill Rogers: Michael, it's Bill. We will be a cash taxpayer. It's just that it's at a very low rate. We expect to be a cash taxpayer this year as measured by cash, income taxes paid divided by accrual income before taxes, and that number will be in the high-single digits.
Bill Rogers: It will gradually creep up to 35% over the planning horizon in terms of cash tax rate. That, of course, will be impacted by the level of capital investment and depreciation rates amongst all the other factors that go through our tax return.
Michael Lapides: Hi, guys. I think Dave's going to hate me because I have a couple of them for you. One is simple. In your multiyear, your EPS growth rate guidance for '17 and '18, do you assume Enable earnings contribution grows strengths or stays flat in that period? I'm just trying to think about the puts and take between utility, regulated utility earnings growth, versus kind of consolidated EPS growth.
Michael Lapides: Yes. But I've got to know what's in your current numbers, right? Because otherwise, we could be overstating - we could be completely misstating. So I'm trying to make the bridge here.
Michael Lapides: Got it. So that makes sense. And then the agreement to go from $45 million to $49 million, sort of that just implied, and I'm being simplistic here, a $4 million step up? I assume that's what that is, but I'm just making sure I'm understanding that correctly.
