David M. McClanahan: Thank you, Carla, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. Earlier this morning, we reported third quarter net income of $151 million or $0.35 per diluted share, compared to third quarter 2012 net income of $10 million or $0.02 per diluted share. Last year's results included 2 unusual items. A $252 million non-cash goodwill impairment charge associated with our competitive Energy Services business and a $136 million non-cash pretax gain associated with the acquisition of an additional interest in a gathering and processing joint venture. Excluding these 2 unusual items, net income in the third quarter of 2012 would've been $174 million, or $0.40 per diluted share. Operating income for the third quarter 2013 was $244 million. Following our May 1 formation of Enable Midstream Partners, we report our investment in our midstream operations as equity income rather than operating income. As a result, our operating income for the third quarter and the 9 months ended September 2013 are not comparable to prior periods. I am pleased with the performance of our regulated electric and natural gas utilities this quarter and Scott will review in more detail -- with them in more detail in a few minutes. I'll now discuss our midstream investments. CenterPoint Energy recognized $77 million of equity earnings from our investment in Enable Midstream Partners and an additional $3 million from our remaining ownership in SESH. This month, we expect to receive a cash distribution of approximately $70 million associated with Enable's third quarter results. Enable's transportation and storage segment continues to be challenged by ongoing low, seasonal and geographic price differentials, which reduced the demand for ancillary services and adversely impacted certain contract renewals. In addition, quarterly earnings were impacted by the costs associated with settling a legacy lawsuit and certain business development expenses that together totaled approximately $7 million. Enable's gathering and processing segment had a solid quarter despite relatively low commodity prices. Processing and wet gas gathering continues to do well, while dry gas gathering continues to be challenged by reduced drilling activity. Demand for new processing capacity continues to increase. In addition to the Muckler, [ph] Oklahoma processing plant currently under construction. The partnership recently approved a new 200 million cubic feet per day processing plant to be located in Bradley, Oklahoma. This plant is expected to go into service in early 2015. Once completed, it will be Enable's 13th major plant and we'll bring its total processing capacity to about 2.3 billion cubic feet per day. The construction of the partnership's Bakken crude oil gathering project continues to go well. Initial commissioning activities are underway and the first phase is expected to be in service later this month. The final phase of construction and commissioning will resume in the spring of 2014, weather permitting, and is expected to be completed in the first half of the year. The search for the Enable CEO is ongoing. This process has taken longer than we anticipated. However, we continue to see significant interest in the position and we remain disciplined in our search for the right person for this job. Before turning the call over to Scott, I'd like to take a moment to say thank you to the employees, shareholders and members of the financial and investment community that I have had the pleasure to work with during my 41 years at the company. Last week, we announced my plans to step down as CEO at the end of the year and the board's appointment of Scott Prochazka as the new President and CEO of CenterPoint Energy. I'm proud of what has been accomplished during my 12-year tenure as CEO of CenterPoint. CEOs often get too much credit for good company performance. In the case of CenterPoint, this truly was a team effort, starting at the top with my executive community made up of Gary Whitlock, Scott Rozzell, Tom Standish and Steve Schaefer before his retirement. But the success of CenterPoint is really due to the 8800 employees, who work hard every day to execute our plans regardless of the obstacles before them. I could not have asked for a better team. I'm excited about CenterPoint's future and the vision, energy and enthusiasm that Scott Prochazka will bring to the job. Scott knows our industry and company well. He is highly respected by our employees and he's motivated to serve our customers better every day and create shareholder value. Scott is going to be a great leader and CEO for CenterPoint. I'll now turn the call over to Scott for more detailed comments about the third quarter performance.
David M. McClanahan: I would say it would be anytime between later this month and the mid-Feb-- mid-December. We're not going to wait until the end of December to file it, but I think it's getting very close. So our intent is to file it as soon as we got every T crossed and I dotted, but we are very close.
David M. McClanahan: I think we have more clarity around it. Over the last quarter, we put a full management team in place from the top down through a number of levels. We're starting to get more clarity around asset synergies, where we can start utilizing the different assets of the 2 entities to create value for the partnership. There is more -- a lot more clarity around that. And clearly, we're going to have some more cost synergies as we move forward. Those we've made some progress on but that's mainly a 2014, 2015 kind of event as we reshape the way we -- services are delivered to the partnership. A lot of them will be moving away from the parent company and put into partnership. And we expect we're going to find a fair amount of savings when that happens.
David M. McClanahan: Yes, Charles, that investment would be incremental to what we have previously published in terms of our capital plan. So to the extent that those materialize, it would increase our overall investment and our rate base and therefore our earnings over the longer term.
David M. McClanahan: Well, they're all -- physically, they are all in the same region. And the difference between them would be the starting point in our territory and the termination point, either in somebody else's territory or another part of our own territory. But they're all in the northwest portion of our region. And the difference in price is associated with the difference in length between the 2 endpoints.
David M. McClanahan: Well, as I mentioned, I think the range of the $300 million to the $550 million represents range of the options.
David M. McClanahan: Sarah, I think that's right. We haven't really looked at that since we made that disclosure in our last call, but I feel -- I think we feel pretty comfortable that it'll be accretive in the 2015 time frame.
David M. McClanahan: Yes, we are. We are looking at other opportunities in that region. And it is generated because of the work we're doing for XTO, Exxon Mobil in that area. So yes, I think we are seeing more interest in us doing that kind of project as a result of not only getting this one, but we've made really good progress. We've made certain commitments and we've been able to deliver on those commitments. I think our engineering and construction has been excellent. And I think that all helps when you're out looking at other projects.
David M. McClanahan: Ali, let me give a few general comments. It isn't about money and it's not about strategy. I think the folks we talked to, they look at what we've created here and they see the value creation potential and they get excited about it. Now I will tell you that this is a fairly small universe of executives we look at. Most of them are working executives that have a job today. There's all kinds of things that come up in these discussions from the time you start until you time you finish. And we just haven't been able to connect on with the right person yet. But we still have a lot of interest about people in it. We're still working actively. But this isn't about us saying we're not going to pay enough money or somebody looks at our strategy and goes, "Gosh, I don't want to be any part of that." It's just -- it's a small universe of executives that really -- because this is something that a company that's large, it's has a lot of complexity but it has a lot of opportunity and we need to have the right person to execute on our strategy.
Scott M. Prochazka: Before we take your questions, I'd like to take a moment to share a few thoughts with you. Many of you have met with and have known David McClanahan for a long time. You know him to be a visionary, an industry leader and a statesman. Throughout his tenure, David has been focused on creating value for all of our stakeholders, our shareholders, our customers, our employees and the communities in which we do business. I have heard it said that his retirement marks the end of an era and I can assure you that the employees of the company, including me, feel this way. His leadership, disciplined approach to business decision-making and personal integrity have set a high standard for each of us. On behalf of all the employees of the company, thank you, David, for everything you have done to make CenterPoint Energy a great company. And on a personal level, I want to thank you for your friendship and counsel. David is the first member of his leadership team to retire. During 2014, Scott Rozzell, Tom Standish and Gary Whitlock all turned 65 and have indicated their intentions to retire as well. In the coming quarters, we will be announcing several senior level retirements. While the exact timing of each departure has not been finalized, they will be staggered to ensure a smooth and effective transition. We have given much thought to the broader succession plan and the incoming executive team will possess the knowledge, experience and leadership necessary to carry CenterPoint Energy forward. We are in the process of finalizing all of the related personnel moves and will be ready to share more details regarding the incoming leadership team in the near future. With the upcoming change in leadership and the creation of Enable Midstream Partners, we've taken the opportunity to refresh our vision and strategy. Our work acknowledges and builds upon a great heritage of success but appropriately reflects our change portfolio and the business conditions we face today and anticipate to face in the future. We look forward to sharing it with you early next year. In the meantime, we will continue to focus on what we do well: Grow and operate safe and reliable utilities. I am honored to have the opportunity to build on David's success and I'm excited about the bright future of CenterPoint Energy. And with that, Carla, I'll turn the call over to you.
Scott M. Prochazka: Andrew, this is Scott. We have been contemplating an Analyst day but we have not yet put one -- formalized one and put in place, but we have been having conversations internally about that. As far as the meeting at EEI or the discussions at EEI, we'll be able to talk a bit about how we're seeing things evolve, but suffice it to say, we have got a great strategy to date and our changes and what we're going to focus on in the future, I think, are going to be fairly intuitive in terms of our focus around utility.
Scott M. Prochazka: I don't think before it's printed, Andrew . I think we'll file the S-1. That's our intention. Obviously, before we go out on the road and market the IPO, we'd want the CEO and CFO in place and completely familiar and brought into our plans. But the -- we have a strong management team today. They are putting together the financial plans that will be reflected in the S-1. So I think, we're in good shape today. But obviously before early next year or during the first quarter, we need to have that CEO, CFO in place.
Scott M. Prochazka: Yes. Andrew, I think the way to think about weather normalized, we're seeing usage on a weather normalized basis to be more or less flat. Weather calculations -- or weather normalization calculations can be a little tricky at times and they're not perfect in terms of precision. So you may see some noise up or down on a quarter-to-quarter basis. But as we look over the long term, we see usage remaining about even on a weather-adjusted basis.
Scott M. Prochazka: No, we target our O&M in kind of the 2% to 3% range and short of some timing issues where we might be moving some expenses around from quarter-to-quarter. I think we track on that. I think what may be clouding the numbers a little bit is the key costs expense that's in electric. If you pull that out, the remaining expense, the O&M, those types of things is more around 2.5%. The key costs expense in there has an offset in revenue.
Scott M. Prochazka: Yes, the hedge is structured where we value heating degree [ph] day. And depending on whether that's favorable for us or against us, we hedge about 80% of that value. So the idea is that if it's favorable for us, there is a payment to the counterparty. If it's not favorable for us, they would pay us. But the reason it works for us and we entered into one is it's -- when you pick the strike points on this, the economics are such that it's evenly balanced up or down. So it ends up just being a way to essentially no implied costs or very little implied costs. It's a way to protect against variability if we were to have extreme weather.
Scott M. Prochazka: Well, Steven, I think the last we had said was it is going to be in the 3 -- depending on the utility, in the 3% to 5% range in terms of rate base or in terms of growth. And on the -- that's on electric. And then the gas side may be slightly higher. I can tell you as we are modifying and going through the planning process today and we're looking at capital requirements going forward, there tends to be a drive, given all the growth that we see towards. That number may be moving north as opposed to south. So we've still got strong investment opportunities and we're going to continue to have strong rate base growth as a result of that.
Scott M. Prochazka: John, I don't think we ever commented on that transaction, but we continue to look at alternative ways. And if there's another way to get public and create more shareholder for our value, we'll certainly consider that. But that specific transaction, I don't think it's appropriate for us to comment on. The idea of joining with an existing public entity is not something that we haven't looked at or considered.
Scott M. Prochazka: Ali, this is Scott. I think the way I think of this is we've got the earnings contributions of the utility, which are fairly straightforward in terms of how we've communicated our rate base growth and our recovery. And that ends up being in the 3% to 5% type range. And then we've got the earnings contributions associated with the midstream venture. And that is going to have a higher growth rate. But what is the most important from a value creation standpoint is the cash that's generated from the entity and how that manifests itself in our dividend growth profile and -- so I think there's a distinction between the earnings growth rate and the dividend profile that's going to really be the indicator I think that the latter being the indicator of the value that comes from the combined entity.
Scott M. Prochazka: Let me just say this, Ali. We are moving ahead full speed on our own IPO and make -- doing it public, but that doesn't rule out any other alternatives, either. We continue to look as we push forward 100%. We are -- if something would come along and we think it's a better alternative, we would execute on that, but we're not going to slow down this term process.
