David M. McClanahan: Thank you, Marianne. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. This morning, I will discuss our consolidated results for the first quarter of 2012. As a change to what we have done in prior quarters, I have asked our business unit leadership, Scott Prochazka, Tracy Bridge, Greg Harper and Joe McGoldrick to provide comments on their respective units performance in the quarter and give their perspectives on trends and expectations for their businesses. And finally, Gary will provide an update on a few items including guidance.  We had a solid first quarter given the extremely mild winter weather and low natural gas prices. This morning, we reported net income of $147 million, or $0.34 per diluted share, compared to $148 million or $0.35 per diluted share for the same period of 2011. Operating income for the first quarter of 2012 was $338 million compared to $364 million for the same period last year. Our gas distribution unit, and to a lesser extent, our Competitive Gas Sales and Services business, were impacted by the mild winter weather. Houston Electric had a very solid quarter, and our midstream businesses met expectations. The diversity of our portfolio certainly helped maintain our earnings this quarter. I'll now ask each of our business unit heads to give more detail around their earnings and prospects. We'll start with Scott Prochazka, the President of our Electric Operations.
David M. McClanahan: Carl, this is David. We really don't look at that business now as retail versus wholesale. We have some wholesale asset, these transportation assets and storage assets, but they're really designed to serve our retail customer base. So we really look at this as a pure retail business that we do optimize around those assets and have made money in the past, but we don't really now think about that as a separate division or line of business within CES.
David M. McClanahan: Ali, we are and we did talk about midyear this year we'd give you an update around the opportunities we see, and we still plan to do that on our next call. But we're pursuing a number of opportunities particularly in the midstream area right now. We're seeing a lot of things pop up, whether it's opportunities to buy some existing assets from producers or whether it's to respond to RFPs that were -- to put in new infrastructure. But I would expect by the next call, we're going to have insight around our opportunities there and whether or not we're going to think we're going to be successful. As Greg mentioned, we don't control the timing of a lot of these things. I think the producer, if they pull an RFP and push it off until the fourth quarter, we can't control that. But I think we will have more insight the next time we talk and we intend to give you more color on that.
David M. McClanahan: Our internal target is we want to grow EPS by 4% to 6% annually. It can be a little lumpy in there. But we think this -- we have the kind of opportunities to do that. You heard both Scott and Tracy talk about rate-based growth at the electric side, it's 4%. On the gas distribution side, it's 6%. So in and of itself, I think from the pure regulated businesses, we're going to have some good growth there. But the -- we'll need to have some growth in the midstream business to achieve the upper end of that growth range.
David M. McClanahan: Maybe it can be, absolutely can be. You don't see quite as many opportunities in that space as you do in the midstream space. There are a couple of, I think, of near-term especially around that Gas Distribution businesses that may come on the market. But yes, there -- we look at across our full spectrum of businesses for opportunities.
David M. McClanahan: The only thing I would add there, Andrew, is that we did have an extension of that backhaul agreement for 4 or 5 months in 2011 at a much lower rate than the original contract. And that extension has not -- is no longer in place. So there'll be a little bit of continuing impact there, but it's not going to be at the same level as the first quarter.
David M. McClanahan: Well, we have made our best guess, our best judgment of our contracts that expire this year and we have a few. And we've already renewed a number of those, as well as being able to take some of this space, whether it's backhaul space or other space and sell it to -- in the market. So we've made assumptions around that in our earnings guidance.
David M. McClanahan: I hesitate to make an estimate because some of these are pretty big projects, and if we win one it'd be -- we could spend a lot of money here. But I think just conjecturing on that probably doesn't do any good at this stage.
David M. McClanahan: Yes, 2011 was a particularly good year for us because of all of the weather-related benefits we got at Houston Electric. As I recall, Scott, it was about $55-plus million of weather-related revenues. So when I think about it, our re-based -- baseline, the 2011 earnings to kind of take out the weather and then you grow it 4% to 6% off of that.
David M. McClanahan: Steve, we will update that in our next call at the end of the second quarter. I don't want to -- there's a lots of things can happen over the next 3 months. So let's just kind of wait and see how the next 3 months kind of unfold. We've got a lot of lines in the water and we're pursuing a lot of different opportunities. Not giving up on investing some of this money this year. But we'll have a lot better, I think, insight into that as we report out in the second quarter. And if something happens between now and then, obviously, we'll announce it.
Scott Prochazka: Thank you, David, and good morning to everyone. Houston Electric's first quarter performance was excellent. This year's operating income exceeded the first quarter of last year despite mild weather and the impact of rates implemented last September, which reduced operating income by $11 million. Revenues were bolstered by continued customer growth, a modest increase in usage, return associated with the recovery of true-up proceeds, and increased ancillary revenues, primarily from right-of-way leases. Altogether, the quarter was $2 million favorable to last year.  We serve one of the most vibrant areas in the nation and the prospects for Houston Electric are exciting. We continue to enjoy a growing service territory with more than 42,000 customers added since the first quarter of last year. More than 93,000 jobs were added during the 12 months ending in February of 2012. And this rate of growth is projected to continue throughout the rest of the year. The Houston unemployment rate is currently 7.2%, down from a peak of 8.8%. Houston is the fourth largest city and the fifth most populous metropolitan area in the country. And the population growth rate of 2% is expected to continue for the next several years.  Another key driver of growth is low natural gas prices, which support expansion in our refining, base chemicals and downstream products industries. These new facilities will require transmission and substation investments to serve a growing power requirement. Additionally, in response to the Panama Canal widening, facilities at or near the port of Houston are being expanded to accommodate an increase in cargo movement. This will bring general, commercial and industrial growth, as well as direct low growth associated with the installation of new, larger electric short range [ph] .  Commercial development is also strengthening. Our world-class medical center continues to grow with the addition of 2 million square feet by the end of 2014. Additionally, new multipurpose campuses are being developed, such as the new ExxonMobil corporate campus and nearby development, that will include 5,000 homes along with 10 million square feet of commercial office and retail space.  From a reliability standpoint, we are continuing our efforts to strengthen the grid by modifying our practices around pole management, circuit inspection, vegetation management and new construction. Further, we are adding operating and control infrastructure that will provide essential redundancy and comply with new federal regulations.  By midyear of 2012, we will complete our advanced metering system deployment. This has been a very successful project with relatively few issues and no significant delays. To address the growing infrastructure needs of the Houston service territory, our capital investments will remain robust. Even with our advanced metering project drawing to a close, annual capital expenditures are projected to average over $500 million per year for the next 5 years, leading to a 4% annualized growth and rate base. As you may recall, last summer was Houston's hottest on record and this winter was the mildest in over 50 years. So it is unlikely that Houston Electric will equal its 2011 performance. In addition, the adverse impact of the rate case implemented last September will be experienced for the full year in 2012. However, with the benefit of strong growth, ongoing cost management, transmission cost recovery filings and additional ancillary revenues, we expect Houston Electric to have a good year and return its authorized rate of return. Since we now have capital trackers in place for both distribution and transmission investment, we don't anticipate the need for a major Houston Electric rate case for the next several years.  I'll now turn the call over to Tracy Bridge, President of our Gas Distribution business.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. So the weather-adjusted, so the non-weather-based loan growth was about $3 million, is that right? It was $3 million for the first quarter. And a good amount of that came from the commercial side as opposed to residential.
Scott Prochazka: Okay. Let me see if I can get that. We'll have to look for that number, and we can get that back to you.
Scott Prochazka: Steve, this is Scott, I'll take that. The way these revenues are coming in, we sign leases with these pipeline companies that are looking to move through our right-of-ways and they're one-time payments. So the increase that we got for the first quarter, those particular leases are not going to continue paying as we go through the rest of the year. But what we do see is continued interest in others that are trying to utilize those right-of-ways. So given the amount of activity in these nearby shale plays, we do continue to expect more coming in. I would be at a loss to estimate exactly what I think that number would be, but it was pretty sizable in the first quarter and it'd be hard to believe that, that rate would continue in terms of new ones coming through the balance of the year.
C. Gregory Harper: Carl, this is Greg. We've announced a project in that area called White Eagle a couple months ago and to garner some traction. We continue to discuss with several producers about that project. What we're finding is some of the larger producers that have more than acreage have to defer their RFP processes to midyear to end of the year. And so we're kind of still in sync with what's going on, on the timing there. But we are very actively pursuing that Mississippi Lime area.
C. Gregory Harper: Well, I think on a -- for the top line, definitely fuel, the $0.50 difference from fourth quarter to first quarter on the same amount of retained gas is going to drive several million dollars there in and of itself. The other is, those expenses are great. We had volumes and projects at the very end of last year, so we'll have a little bit higher expenses. And then, I mean at EBIT level, I mean not EBITDA, but we are, we kick in depreciation at the beginning of the year as well on those assets.
C. Gregory Harper: Andrew, this is, Greg. I think we were kind of looking at a -- what a number could be based on certain fuel levels and fuel retentions and gas prices. Obviously gas prices drops substantially. And when we're talking about that Line CP backhaul agreement, we encompassed several components of that. And a backhaul flow facilitates better fuel savings, which we did realize last year and we didn't realize this year. Plus, what we did realize in fuel savings was at a little lower price this year in the first quarter. Relative to second quarter and balance of the year, the backhaul arrangement went away midyear last year. So what we see on Line CP will just be really relative to our other re-contracting efforts on CP and that basis has shrunk dramatically on CP process system.
