Dave Lesar: Thank you, Jason, and once again, congratulations. As you heard from us today, we have 10 straight quarters of meeting or exceeding expectations. We are a pure play regulated utility, with industry-leading incremental growth opportunities driven by our customer demands.
Dave Lesar: Okay. No. I think this is going to be a really, really attractive job for a CFO. So we are going to cast that really, really wide essentially across the whole public spear in the U.S. and see what we can find. But as I said, I think, it’s going to be a great opportunity, a great job and I expect that we are going to see some really good candidates.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. I think the way to think about this is, look at the track record that we have developed as a management team. I think we have done a pretty good job identifying sort of incremental capital opportunities, finding a way to efficiently execute that, fund it and bring it into our rate base at the right time and this is really no different. Maybe it’s a little bit bigger than the ones we have had in the past. But I think from a context standpoint, if you think back to our first Analyst Day, this is the fifth time that we have raised capital. If you go to our second Analyst Day, this is the third time that we have raised capital. So I think we have got a pretty good track record of identifying and bringing this into not only execution and then rate base, but then earnings. And as we said a couple of times, and hopefully, Jason sort of walked you through the numbers, our guidance targets do not include any of the earnings from this. But I think the really important thing to focus on is that we still continue to believe that we will have industry-leading growth as we basically take on all the headwinds and the tailwinds that are thrown at us in this business. But I think the bottomline is…
Dave Lesar: Thanks Steve for the question and that’s right. We wouldn’t spend it, if we didn’t have full confidence that we will earn on it. We continue to stress that. We have got great capital recovery mechanisms here across our jurisdictions, that this is capital that our customers are asking for and so we have confident that as we execute this work, we will fold it into rate base and earn on it. Really, the fact that we haven’t increased the long-term EPS growth targets is really a function of the point that I stressed in our prepared remarks. I mean, we are entering a period here in 2024, where we will have several major rate cases, Houston Electric, Texas Gas, City and Electric, among others. And I think it’s just prudent for us, we have taken conservative assumptions as we approach those rate cases. But I think it’s prudent for us to kind of get to the other side. I think the takeaway, though, is the capital we are deploying will flow at a rate base. We have confidence in that and undoubtedly enhances the long-term earnings power of the company. I think the other thing just to point out beyond the capital from the standpoint of the long-term earnings power of the company, I want to reemphasize what I shared in my prepared remarks, we have already prefunded a higher equity ratio at Houston Electric as well and while we have not assumed that increase in the long-term earnings growth rates that we provided. Should we be successful in achieving that higher equity ratio, that presents yet another tailwind without a financing overhang and so I think we are just continuing to put ourselves in a position to over deliver for our shareholders, our customers and continue to enhance what is an already industry leading growth rate.
Dave Lesar: Hi. I would say, Julien, I think, you hit on the cost side. I think the big one that we talked about that people sometimes forget about it as soon as we talk about it is our organic growth. I mean, we are spreading a -- as we reduced our O&M where we are spreading a smaller amount of O&M across a larger rate base or a larger customer base year after year after year and that’s just the luxury most other utilities don’t have.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. I would just like to add. I think, Jason, did a great job sort of covering the strategic aspects of it coming in and hit on the really important point at the end there. And then, I hope that with all of you, we have developed the confidence. You have the confidence in us that we are always going to do the right thing at the right time. What’s best for our customer and what’s best for our investors. And I think you should think about this $3 billion and no other context than that. When we kind of identify it, we will execute it, we will get it in the rate base and it will help our customers.
Jason Wells: Anthony, I would think about it as a couple of cents of pull-forward work that we have incurred already and we continue to look to optimize our plan in the fourth quarter. I think this is just an incredible luxury that we have to continue to do more work on the system for the benefit of our customers, as well as kind of giving us additional flexibility as we enter 2023 from an earnings standpoint. So we are happy to continue to executing on it. We have incurred about $0.02 of that and still have some to go in the fourth quarter.
Jason Wells: Sure. Thanks for the question, Steve. No change in our strategy. Our strategy is to finance our incremental capital as efficiently as possible. We are fortunate today as part of this CapEx update to have identified sources of funding that are more efficient than incremental sales of our utility assets. We have had a handful of conservative assumptions around tax positions, which have all resolved themselves favorably for the company. As I said, we prefunded the equity ratio at Houston Electric. We will either have higher FFO coming out of that as a result of that higher equity ratio. We can pull back and use the cash to fund the capital directly. And so, I think, we have not changed our approach to strategy. We just continue to find the most efficient sources of funding this incremental capital. More broadly, to your point though, I -- we have not seen a softening in the private demand for utility assets as we have talked about extensively over the years. With our previous communications, we still continue to receive pretty extensive outreach and interest. We just have not, as I said, needed to take that approach, because we continue to find other sources that are more efficient to fund the CapEx that we have announced today.
Jason Wells: Thanks, Julien, for the question. There’s a lot there. Let me try to sort of unpack a handful of these items. I wouldn’t ascribe an exact time line to the update on the long-term growth rates of company sort of post these rate cases. As you said, we want to resolve those cases constructively and favorably for all stakeholders as we have better certainty we will provide an update. I think what I want to stress around this point, though, is we would not spend this capital if we didn’t assume and have a high degree of confidence that it would be included in rate base. And so, as you model -- as others model, I would look at enhancing and increasing the long-term earnings power of the company sort of post these rate cases. I think as it relates to kind of navigating a handful of these time lines, we have a fair degree of flexibility with respect to the capital trackers, just given the multiple jurisdictions that we operate in. We will not have access to the capital trackers here in our Texas businesses, while we are in those rate cases. So that does present a small amount of additional regulatory lag as we look to earn on those. We have tried to get in front of that issue by accelerating additional capital here into 2023 that we will file for recovery for, sorry, here in 2022 that will file for recovery in 2023 and we will be fully into the earnings power of the company in 2024. We also have a fair degree of flexibility in Indiana Electric, particularly with the generation transition that will coincide with the timing of these rate cases. As you may recall there, as we bring our renewable projects on the line -- online, we can begin earning at the month they become operational and so there is minimal if any regulatory lag with respect to the investments in Indiana Electric. So we are sequencing these investments, either having accelerated, as I said, this year, we are balancing some of the chunkier projects over the next couple of years to sort of seamlessly work through the rate cases that are on the horizon. But the short of it is, again, we wouldn’t spend this capital if we didn’t believe and have confidence that we would earn on it. And so, the takeaway should be, this enhances the long-term earning power of the company.
Jason Wells: Yeah. Thanks again for the question, Jeremy. I mean, a couple of points that I will stress that Dave made in his prepared comments. We have had a history here now 5 times since our first Analyst Day, 3 times since our second Analyst Day of increasing our CapEx. So, hopefully, we have built a track record of that, as we identify this capital that’s in the best interest of our customers, we look to efficiently fold it in. I wouldn’t, again, put a time line on it. What we are looking at is kind of balance sheet in probably three factors, confidence in execution. We have been significantly increasing our CapEx over the last couple of years. We want to make sure that we have access to the materials, the crews and that we are putting away this capital effectively for our customers. And second, we always are cognizant of where we are with respect to rate increases for our customers and so we try to balance that over the plan. And then third, and finally, we look to finance the incremental capital efficiently for the benefit of our shareholders and investors. And so, I wouldn’t think about this as I am not going to sign a specific time line. I wouldn’t also look at this as a series of big chunky projects. This is sort of additional routine spend that we will look to fold in when we have confidence on those three factors, and hopefully, we have earned the trust that we have a track record of doing so.
Jason Wells: So the 1 point -- it’s for the Texas securitization, because we have two securitizations spending the Texas guests securitization, it’s $1.1 billion of incremental debt that we will pay down and then we have the second securitization in Indiana, which is about another $360 million in proceeds that we expect kind of at the end of the third quarter. That will leave us with about $1.5 billion of variable rate debt as we enter next year. Some of that, as I said, attributable to our Texas gas businesses that we will file a rate case for in the middle of next year that helps reduce any potential long-term earnings drag from that higher level of interest costs that we will see there.
