David M. McClanahan: Thank you, Carla. And good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. This morning, we reported full year earnings of $417 million or $0.97 per diluted share as compared to $1.36 billion or $3.17 per diluted share in 2011. I'd like to remind you of the unusual items that occurred during each year. In 2012, we recorded a non-cash goodwill impairment charge, as well as a non-cash pretax gain from an acquisition. In 2011, we recorded the results of the final resolution of our true-up appeal. Excluding the effects of these unusual items, net income for 2012 would have been $581 million or $1.35 per diluted share, compared to $546 million or $1.27 per diluted share in 2011. Using the same basis that we use when providing guidance, full year adjusted earnings would have been $1.25 per diluted share in 2012, compared to $1.20 for 2011. Our regulated electric and gas utilities benefited from strong service territories, timely rate recovery mechanisms and effective expense management. Our Midstream and Energy Services businesses performed well, given the current market environment of low natural gas prices and minimal geographic price differentials. Our financial results once again highlight the strength of our balanced energy delivery portfolio. We are looking forward to another good year in 2013. We are stronger financially than we've ever been and have good investment opportunities across all of our businesses. Last year, we celebrated our 10th anniversary as a standalone independent public company. When we first became CenterPoint Energy, we indicated we would focus on domestic energy delivery with a balanced portfolio of electric and natural gas businesses. Further, we committed to building a company that provides a competitive dividend with growth. 10 years later, we are proud of our accomplishments and remain committed to these objectives. I would like to take this opportunity to thank the employees who have made the past 10 years a success. I am very proud that our employees stayed focused on and believed in the vision, values and strategy that have come to define us. Without their hard work and dedication, we would not be where we are today. Now I'll ask Scott Prochazka, our Chief Operating Officer, to update you on our business unit performance and our expectations for 2013.
David M. McClanahan: Carl, I wouldn't read much into that. As you might recall, last year, when we started the year, we had a much wider -- we had a natural gas price that was much more in flux. We were assuming something in our price end [ph] a little less than $4, and it was $2.50 at the time we had our call. So I think that's part of it. But generally, I wouldn't read much at all into that entire spread.
David M. McClanahan: Carl, first, I think we have lifted it some. I think you're right, but I'm going to ask Scott to address the O&M side of this.
David M. McClanahan: Ali, it's about $500 million, give or take. That varies depending on when we pay our gas bills, but it's about $500 million. As Gary said, we have $1.7 billion CapEx in front of us. It's a large capital program, cutting across all our businesses, and we're going to be using this money to fund those projects, as well as any new growth projects that have not been identified but that we're pursuing. So I would say that by the end of this year, we're going to come close to spending most of that cash, if not all of it.
David M. McClanahan: First, we're still interested in growing Field Services, it's a big focus of ours. But it's not at the -- it's not exclusively Field Services. We are very interested in growing our regulated businesses. And so we've said in the past, if Oncor would come on the market, it'd be a unit that we'd absolutely look at. But it's not stopping us from doing what we would normally do anyway. So yes, we're interested, but we're pursuing a number of different options and it's just not Oncor.
David M. McClanahan: Good question, John. We used to say we thought the pure retail side of this was in the $30 million range. I think, long term, it is. Probably in the near term, it's more in the $20 million range. So we're working hard to improve the profitability there. We've gotten rid of a lot of the uneconomic contracts, which helps a lot, but the key is to grow the business and improve margins, and that's what we're attempting to do.
David M. McClanahan: Scott, do you have anything to add there? Bad debt expense has been something that we've been working on for several years. As Scott said, that may tick up. But the new policies and procedures around credit and collections are not going to change. So I think we've got a good handle on that. We're running a pretty tight ship now. It's taken us 3 or 4 years to completely kind of revamp the way we run that business, and I think it's showing in through the reduced O&M. But we do have a lot of new rate mechanisms that's gone in over the last 3 or 4 years that provides for annual or automatic adjustments, so we don't have to go in and seek rate increases. And I think those are important and they're starting to have a very positive effect on this business.
David M. McClanahan: I think you'll also see this type of crude gathering system being employed in other areas around the country. Because of the amount of trucks necessary to move this, there's lots of wanting to get an alternative to trucking and this is the best alternative, honestly.
David M. McClanahan: Faisel, I might also add. I think, in '12, we lost something like $28 million due to lower commodity prices, primarily natural gas. So we've got some upside if natural gas prices firm up, and they're probably going to -- our projection is they'll be higher in '13 than they were in '12. So even if you get the same volumes, there could be some potential increased profitability there.
David M. McClanahan: You know, we've got those documented in the 10-K. Plus, if you look at the supplemental material, it's laid out there in a fair amount of detail, so probably the best way to find it.
David M. McClanahan: Andrew, I'll take that. There is -- if you noticed some downward movement, perhaps there's some conservatism in there, but there was also some projects that we have early on that end at that point. We're putting in a backup control center, which consumes about a couple hundred million dollars worth of investment over the near term. And once that ends, that's part of the reason it turns down. But the theme of kind of maintaining the ongoing investment of -- in infrastructure, for hardening and system maintenance, as well as load growth, that theme would kind of carry through but we'll have to see what actually happens in terms of whether growth picks up or slows down or maintenance requirements change. But most of it is driven by some big projects that we have, that we know we have early on. You may end up having some additional bigger projects that materialize down the road that could take -- that could fill that gap, but right now, this larger slug is really related to large projects.
David M. McClanahan: Well, it really looks at the total capital spend over the period. So if you look at where we get to, rate base wise, by the end of this period, it looks at what that rate would represent an average growth rate from the starting point to the ending point. It just so happens that it's kind of front-end loaded.
David M. McClanahan: Over the past, load growth we saw kind of flat to maybe slightly declining. This was looking back several years. Interestingly, this year, we've seen loads -- we've actually seen usage increase slightly. We believe it has to do perhaps with the economy and with the economy strengthening here in Houston, as well as the relatively low price of power. So we have seen a little bit of a bounce in usage this year. Going forward, we forecast usage to be about flat. But we do know that we continue to see what we think will be some ongoing headwind on the downside, just from things like replacements of appliances with more efficient -- replacement of air-conditioning units and lighting standards, that type of thing. But more or less, we look at it as about even to maybe a slight decline as we look forward.
David M. McClanahan: $13 million for 2012 came from the 2 acquisitions. That was -- we expect to do better than double that in 2013. They came on at different times of the year, one was August 1, and one was a little bit earlier than that, but our plan calls for more than doubling that in 2013.
David M. McClanahan: This is really -- it's much easier to see the spend in the regulated utilities than site Field Services because we don't speculate about projects that we're not sure of in the 10-K. But for our Houston Electric and our gas LDCs, we have plans to go in and replace pipe or improve systems, our bill control center, so it's -- we have a lot of clarity around regulated capital expenditures. When it gets to Field Services, we put in there what we know, but we don't put in there what we don't know. I would be very disappointed if we don't have some growth projects that come up in Field Services that would increase the level of expenditures in that unit.
David M. McClanahan: We've given overall that we want to be in the 4% to, say, 7% EPS growth rate, that's our long-term. And each one of our units have a little different growth around it. Houston Electric, gas LDCs, you heard Scott talk about rate base growth there of 5% up to 7%. So they're going to provide some growth. Pipelines are the ones that probably are little less certain. That's probably flat to slightly up, if we move in some of the projects we're going after. And Field Services, we expect it's going to grow. It's been our fastest-growing unit the last 3, 4 years, it's grown a little less than 20% a year. And as it gets bigger, that percentage will come down. But we expect Field Services to continue to be our fastest-growing business segment. So overall, our goal is to achieve that 4% to 7%, or 5% to 7% growth in earnings.
David M. McClanahan: Well, it certainly would do that. Obviously, Oncor is a sizable electric T&D business. It would add substantial amount of regulated assets and earnings to our portfolio. And we recognize that we need to have a good regulated base as we grow our unregulated base. So it certainly fits that pistol for us. So we're going to be diligent about looking at it if it ever comes on the market. And I think it would be a nice fit, but it's all about making sure you can buy it for a price that creates shareholder value, and that's -- we'll work hard at it if it ever comes on the market.
David M. McClanahan: Steve, we haven't entertained anything like that, because we're really doing it at the gathering level, not the long-haul level. And there are some other folks looking at big pipes coming out of that area to basically compete with the railroads, but I don't think -- that's not something we're interested in right now.
David M. McClanahan: One is that capital in our electric business is going to be much higher in 2013 than it was in 2012. And it's going to stay pretty high for a number of years. I think we're projecting pretty close to $700 million this year and next year before it starts declining down to the mid-$550 million. So it's going to be high. We've got $1.7 billion capital program. We can't fund that from internally generated funds. We do have cash on hand that we can utilize, but -- if you're in the utility business, you want to be growing rate base and you don't want to necessarily have excess cash flow for very long, it probably means you're in pretty stagnant service territories. So we expect that these capital expenditure numbers are going to remain at this level for some time. Because this -- the service area that we're in is, I would venture to say, is probably, if not the best, one of the best in the country.
David M. McClanahan: We've talked about this in the past. It certainly doesn't change the opportunities we look at. We think we have lots of opportunities. But the fact that it doesn't have a cost to it, it does add to your return in the near term. So I think there will be some upside in that because we don't have a cost associated with it. But in terms of changing opportunity set, I don't think so.
David M. McClanahan: Ali, I think it's a good question and we clearly think about that. To some extent, the MLP gets at both of those, both the funding issue and the independent valuation issue. So I think we do consider, is there a way to unlock value where the sum of the parts that's being reflected in our stock price today is different? And I think an MLP has the potential to do that for us. So yes, we're looking at that. And if you're thinking about maybe we spin one off versus keep the other, we did that study a number of years ago, we didn't think we had enough scale at the time, and I don't think that's really in our thinking today, but ways to unlock value are absolutely in our thinking and we'll attempt to do that.
David M. McClanahan: I would say we continue to look at it and I'm not sure what the timing will be, and I don't think I can really comment on that, but I want to tell you, the management team at CenterPoint is absolutely focused on trying to create shareholder value, and if we think there's a way to do it, we're going to pursue it.
David M. McClanahan: I think it's all -- it's not -- I think there is some validity in what you said, that we need that to make sure we have confidence that we're going to be able to grow the business. And I think we're getting more and more confident all the time around that. So I would say just kind of stay tuned on this one, Ali.
David M. McClanahan: Internally, we say 4% to 7%. We did say 4% to 6%. We kind of set our goals a little bit higher here than in the past, but I would say that, that doesn't indicate a change in our thinking.
Gary L. Whitlock: Thank you, Scott, and good morning to everyone. As David mentioned in his remarks, we are very pleased to have celebrated our 10-year anniversary at CenterPoint Energy. As you all know, at the formation of our company in October of 2002, we were very highly leveraged with limited financial flexibility. However, since that time, we have worked diligently to recapitalize our company, and today, we have a strong balance sheet and solid investment grade credit ratings. The 2013 capital plan, as Scott discussed, totals approximately $1.7 billion. Our cash on hand, internally generated cash and other liquidity sources will fund this capital plan. In addition, to ensure we align the Houston Electric capital structure to the capital structure approved in its last rate proceedings, our 2013 financing plan will include the repayment of $450 million of maturing debt at Houston Electric in March of this year. Now I'd like to discuss our earnings guidance for 2013. This morning, in our earnings release, we announced guidance in the range of $1.22 to $1.30 per diluted share. This guidance range takes into consideration a number of economic and operational variables that may impact our actual 2013 earnings performance. The most significant variables we consider for our annual guidance are commodity prices, volume throughput, weather, regulatory proceedings and our effective tax rate, and we have developed our guidance range by using a combination of these variables. We have assumed natural gas pricing in 2013 of approximately $3.50 per MMBtu and $0.95 per gallon for our mix of natural gas liquids. In addition, we have assumed a return to a more normal effective tax rate of approximately 37%, an average share count of approximately 430 million, as well as lower interest expense. As the year progresses, we will keep you updated on our earnings expectations. Finally, I'd like to remind you of the $0.2075 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on January 25. This marks the 8th consecutive year that we have increased our dividend. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate a strong commitment to our shareholders, and the confidence of management and the Board of Directors in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. Now, let me thank you for your continued interest in CenterPoint Energy, and I will turn the call back over to Carla.
Gary L. Whitlock: Yes. I'll take a shot at that first, and certainly, Scott can add to it. But let's talk about the tax rate, I think that is an important thing to focus on. The ongoing tax rate will be 37%. If you recall, last year, we ended up with a 45% tax rate, because that had that non-tax deductible goodwill impairment. So you take that out, we ended it with a tax rate of approximately 33%. And that was really due to a lot of hard work over the last number of years to resolve issues with IRS, mainly legacy issues, so we did have a benefit in tax, in fact, some of it actually was reported in other income. So we had a benefit of approximately $0.09 all-in, if you will. So that's kind of come back. So we effectively have a higher tax rate this year, so the guidance reflects our expectations of a higher tax rate this year. Now in addition to that though, we do expect lower interest expense because, as you know, we have been recapitalizing the company in a sense of some refunding but primarily some restructuring of debt, so you continue lower interest expense. This year, it was lower by about $34 million. Next year, think a maybe equivalent number, maybe a little bit more than that, so that's favorable to us. So that's some offset. And then the business, you heard Scott describe the businesses. Over the long term, they will grow. He described those as sort of net neutral to up a bit, I think, when you put it all together. So again, we still have a range because we still have some variables. And as you know, our objective is always -- we'll a, keep you informed, but our goal is to work as hard as we can to exceed the midpoint of that range and continue to grow our company this year.
Gary L. Whitlock: Okay. John, maybe to start, why don't we just start with MLP. We've been consistent on this, John, as you know, in our discussions, that we continue to see the formation of the MLP as an effective financing vehicle, and certainly, in terms of funding the growth for our midstream business. As to the timing of that, as we reported this morning, we've talked about on the call, we do have a sizable CapEx program, certainly, a significant amount of that visibility is in the regulated business, and we're pleased about it, but as you know, we've been funding all of that, funding our capital through internal sources of cash, including this year, as you know, we also have another benefit of bonus depreciation, which is about another $170 million. So in terms of funding, it's been internal sources, cash on hand. But as we talked about it, David alluded to, and Scott, and certainly, Greg, as we have more visibility around that midstream growth in the Bakken, I think, sets the stage for hopefully, additional growth there and beyond. I think the MLP becomes front and center as a financing vehicle. As David said, we would think, by the end of this year, cash on hand plus internal sources, at some point we'll need a financing need in the future. And when we have visibility around that growth, I think, the MLP, again, is front and center. So absolutely not off the table, on the table, and I think it's really related to when we have -- when we see the need for it.
Gary L. Whitlock: John, I think that's right. But I also don't want you to walk away, or other investors, with everything is that precise. And again, as Greg and his team worked very diligently to originate business, when we see that we have the growth there, I don't think that having cash on hand and available liquidity will hold us back from forming the MLP because it takes time to form it. Obviously, we've done all the ministerial things of audits and those things, so we're prepared to do an MLP. Can do one, we just want to make sure it's at the right time and the best interest of our shareholders to do so.
Gary L. Whitlock: This is Gary. I don't think I would start characterizing like that. I really wouldn't. I'm not trying to be cute about it. I think, 2013, could it be viable? Of course, it could. But you come back to what would make it viable for us, of course, it is viable, but in the sense that when we see the visibility growth, and as we described, we do have a lot of clarity around the CapEx plan on our regulated businesses, Greg is working diligently and they have been originating business. So when we see that there is more clarity there, I think we can execute. And as I've described to you, Ali, we can execute quickly on that. So we have the ministerial work done and it's a question of doing the filing, so don't try to put it on 2013 or '14. I think, what we said, it's front and center at the right time.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. I think some of the O&M is sustainable, I wouldn't say all of it, knowing that we started the year in such a hole with the weather, we looked at where we could defer some of the O&M, and so some of that will move out into the future. But there are some improvements that we made that would be sustainable. The other point I would probably add here is that we did pretty well on our bad debt expense, and as gas prices grow, even if we stay at a fairly competitive or aggressive low rate in terms of our write-offs, as gas prices increase, which we have in our forecast going forward, that number will naturally increase. So there will be some degradation in terms of having more bad debt expense on a go-forward basis.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. So the mechanics of this are we calculate the -- or determine what we believe the value of heating degree days are and we can hedge against those with a third-party, such that if we -- if it goes one way, there is payment to the party, and if it goes the other way, then the party pays us. So it's kind of a swap structure. But it's geared around calculation of normal weather and a determination of what the value of each heating degree day is within the regions which we carry these in. As far as weather, this ends up getting shared, we hold these hedges at corporate, and we do this really to target kind of stabilizing the earnings. So some year, it's up, some year, it's down. But it's geared around stabilizing the earnings in that unit.
Scott Prochazka: I'll just add to that as well, the couple other things that -- one of the bigger items that was -- if you're just looking at the quarter against prior quarter, it was around weather and usage. Between the 2 of those, they were up $6 million to $8 million over the prior quarter, so that was a good part of the delta.
Scott Prochazka: And I'd say that, I think it was Faisel or Carl that mentioned the 75% In our particular counties, we're looking at it as 100% is truck.
C. Gregory Harper: Faisel, the open season is primarily for a crude gathering system and it would have a little tank storage potential as well. It does not contemplate takeaway pipelines from those gathering termination point. We will be putting it into rail or other pipeline is the contemplation at this time. So this is strictly a gathering system, so taking crude oil from wellhead to central control points and then onto tankage.
C. Gregory Harper: Exactly. You've nailed it right on the head, Faisel. This is a great opportunity to, number one, help the state get those trucks off the road and we think it's a competitive opportunity and alternative right now for the producers in this area.
C. Gregory Harper: Definitely. There's been a paradigm shift with the number of trucks that Dave mentioned is the kind of result of the prolific nature of the crude level coming on from the drilling and the frac-ing.
C. Gregory Harper: That's not contemplated in this particular offering, it would be something that we would be prepared to do, obviously, having a footprint in that area, if we get the appropriate nominations.
C. Gregory Harper: I mentioned before, Faisel, as we step out of our footprint, that a key strategy for us was to do it with maybe a major producer friend or companies, and that's what we've been trying to do, both here in the Bakken, as we look at Mississippi Lime, as we look at Tuscaloosa Marine, as we look at even Marcellus. We're not the type of company that's going to go out and do something speculative. We're going to do something that is kind of in concert with a big producer customer and have the similar type contracting we've had in the past in our new gathering footprint.
C. Gregory Harper: Good question. What we found in the Mississippi Lime, where we were looking at it is there's a lot of high nitrogen issues. And we're just not seeing enough gas to gather to offset that issue for it takes to treat it. Now another major producer that had an RFP out has withdrawn that and that major producer has moved to a different area in Mississippi Lime, and is expected to issue an RFP and we will be participating in that. So ongoing negotiations with smaller customers, but again, right now, the aggregation level that we're seeing doesn't contemplate a project at this point in time, but we stay in constant communication with these customers.
C. Gregory Harper: I'll give you a high-level, I won't give you exact numbers, because I don't want to get into our producers' falling volumes. But I would say that the difference obviously going from $237 million to $205 million is decline just across the board on our footprint, but the makeup, obviously, the increased margin, on the top line, I think, goes from $91 million to $109 million. That growth is driven by our contracts. The guaranteed return contract and primarily the volume commitment contracts.
C. Gregory Harper: We expect volumes to be at the same level as last year. I don't think David or Scott mentioned in the call, but I think they've had some producers moving into our area and back into the Haynesville area, Encana announced that on their earnings call, with an increase in 5 rigs by year end. We don't have anything -- we don't have in our plan or in Gary's projections right now that, that would increase volume flow. We see that as protecting and preserving current levels. If we get upside, that's going to be great.
C. Gregory Harper: Well, I don't want you to be concerned about anything, Faisel. It's our job to go get those renewed. But we're -- I think our fleet agreement is in evergreen within the next 24 months. So that's -- again, we serve a fleet via MRT, that is the asset that we are currently in the middle of a rate case at FERC on. And we've had a settlement conference on that. So we see that, that is obviously a very large contract on MRT, and we will work to extend that and renegotiate an extend. On CEGT, there is a mishmash of contracts that can come up and roll off, but I think the largest contracts on CEGT would be Line CP in 2017 or so.
C. Gregory Harper: This is Greg, I'll answer the 2012 question first. The capital was lower in 2012, and that's primarily from deferrals. Most of our capital that we look to deploy are based on existing contracts and we're obviously in communication with our producers weekly, monthly to make sure we're deploying our capital palatably relative to their growth and they're -- before they bring on their production. So basically, some of them had a forecast early in the year, maybe fourth quarter of 2011, what they would be doing in 2012, they've been modifying that during the year, and so we just pulled back the capital. However, they're committed to their acreage to us and/or volume commitments to those areas. So that will come once they start drilling. As far as 2013, that's the same thing we planned out this year. I think the Bakken is probably under around $120 million or so, $125 million. So the balance, the majority of the balance is still growth capital. I think Scott mentioned 75% of our capital is growth. So the remaining 50% to 60% of the balance is growth capital. And that, again, is tied into what our producers are telling us right now, where they think they'll be by year end.
