Dave Lesar: Thanks, Tom. I want to conclude the prepared remarks by discussing what I refer to as our 2020 Report Card. These are critical elements that we are focused on to transform CenterPoint into an industry leader, delivering to you sustainable and predictable earnings growth, converting our industry-leading customer growth and O&M discipline into outsized rate base and CapEx growth, while maintaining our commitment to safety, enhancing our ESG strategy and becoming a key enabler for a net zero economy in places we operate, strengthening our balance sheet and credit profile, focusing on utility operations, and improving the customer experience, executing our capital recycling strategy. And finally, delivering an economically viable path to minimize the impact of our midstream exposure and then eventually eliminate it. This is the new CenterPoint, consistent and predictable earnings growth, world-class operations and service territories and a commitment to delivering on our promises to our shareholders.
Dave Lesar: No, I think a good question. And I'll let Jason clarify. But before you can exit, you have to minimize. And so I think you know, what we've done with this transaction, it's allowed us to sort of minimize their exposure. And now and when the transaction closes, we'll pivot very quickly to exit. And believe me, it's top of mind in terms of the discussions we're having every day, but I'll let Jason elaborate a bit.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. Let me answer the first one. I'll let Jason answer the second one, it seems like we have a routine working here. But absolutely the guidance we have out there does include the drag of the storm, as I said in my prepared remarks. Now, there'll be some extra interest pressure on there. But I view that as a headwind to manage. We have a very talented financial team here at CenterPoint. And we've got some buttons to push and levers to pull. And we're going to do that and we are already are doing that. And so we'll have zero impact on the guidance that we've given.
Dave Lesar: That's correct. As we articulated towards the end of last year, it's our responsibility to manage the ups and downs, the headwinds and tailwind to this business. COVID remains a small headwind. But we have every confidence that we have the tools to manage through it. And one of the other things that I'll just continue to emphasize is, I think we are also fortunate to serve in communities of high growth. And so we continue to see residential growth that offsets, you know, some of the reduction in electricity consumption from the commercial segment of our business. And so in short, we have full confidence, our ability to manage whatever remaining COVID headwind exists.
Dave Lesar: No, I would say generally, I think everybody gets and understands the roles that the generators, the T&D companies, and the retailers, basically play within Texas. We were very aggressive in our communication last week, putting out sometimes always one and sometimes two press releases every day, trying to inform people about what this state of play was. Clearly state-wide, there was a lot of frustration, as you can imagine, there is finger pointing going on. But I would say that, that we did a pretty good job getting out in front of the story. And really, essentially, what we told our customers is listen, when we get electricity, we will begin to restore it. Our system is resilient, which it proved to be. We got power back into the homes of our customers very, very quickly, after we got it. And the reality is, is that, this was a sort of a system-wide failure across the state as well been written. And so as I said earlier, there'll be something that comes out of Austin on this, but I think people have done a good job of understanding our role in it. That doesn't mean that ultimately some fingers don't get pointed here and there. We'll just have to address those as they come at us.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. I think, right now, almost everything is being considered up there. But I think our pitch would be, you know, in an in an event like this, absent having your own generation, which we don't want to do, we were at the mercy of our cot. But I do think that around the edges, and for sort of incremental ability to react to short term, things like this batteries, fuel cells, and those kinds of things would have been helpful. And I think that if you look at, you know, things that we would like, potentially to see in any legislative changes, that would be a dialogue we would wholeheartedly get into the middle of.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. I mean, obviously, this is a biased view and a personal view. But I think morale is really, really great in CenterPoint right now. And I think if you - you got to look back over what this organization has gone through in the last 12 months, and it's been a ranching [ph] change. I'm the third CEO within a year, Jason is the third CFO within a year. We had issues around dividend. We had the activist investor in us. We had COVID. We had a hurricane that skirted us last summer. And I would say that I think people are really bought into the new CenterPoint. And, you know, certainly in my engagement with and I think I can speak more broadly for our executive team. There, people are motivated, they like what's happening. They did not like what happened early last year. And so I think they see a, you know, a really happening company, a management team that is taking the organization in the right way. They're excited about it. They understand that everybody has a part to play. And I think the other thing is, a focus on O&M isn't always a focus on people reduction. As Tom has said, it's a focus on doing things better. It's getting your vendors to participate with you in doing things more efficiently, buying things cheaper, and that kind of thing. So I think at the end of the day, morale is really, really good here. And I expect it to even get better.
Jason Wells: Sure. Thanks, David. Good morning, Shahriar. I really think that there's a low risk of that of any financial impact associated with any financial challenges with the generators or retail energy providers. The state law here in Texas is very clear that we have the right to recover any delinquent accounts for retail energy providers as a regulatory asset. We also have, and do collect from the retail energy providers on a daily basis. And so have a good handle on those that are continued to perform with respect to their obligations. And maybe the final point that I would highlight is that, to the extent that you know, any of the large generators or retailer and to providers experienced financial challenge, it will likely be a reorganization of that. And one of the first areas of focus in the first aid [ph] motions of any reorganization would be the continuity of business that will allow the retail energy providers to continue to pay the associated T&D charges. And so in short, we see this as a really low-risk issue for the company.
Jason Wells: Thanks, Shahriar. I'm not going to be specific in terms of timelines, as you know, we communicated in our prepared remarks. But let me sort of talk about quickly the tools that we have available. With respect to the Series C Preferred, there are no registration rights needed for that security. And so upon transaction close, we have full flexibility to sell that security. There's an active secondary market, and we have a tax basis that approximates base value of that security. So we have full flexibility to exit that security on transaction close. There will be a short delay upon the close of the transaction for that common unit to be registered. But, you know, I think you've highlighted the two tools that we will look at, you know, there is ample liquidity in the volumes of Energy Transfer unit. And so we will likely utilize some form of a durable, and opportunistically, where it makes sense, we will exercise our demand rights for potentially a larger block. But just to close and re emphasize what Dave articulated, it is our commitment to exit our exposure to midstream. And we're going to do so in a manner that we think the current shareholders are happy.
Jason Wells: Let me also amplify Dave's remarks on that point, several of the jurisdictions that we operate in allow us to recover the carrying costs. So that does help sort of minimize the any drag from the incremental debt. But I think you've touched upon an issue that obviously we are working with regulators, policymakers on and that's balancing the financial health of the utilities with the impact of collecting this on customer bills. I think we've seen some very strong signals come out of the various jurisdictions. We have the privilege to operate in. As I highlighted, the Texas Railroad Commission made it clear that these are recoverable costs. And so, I think what we are all doing, and I use that term sort of broadly because this is not a CenterPoint issue, but you know, a gas LDC issue, is we're working to find and strike that right balance of short term recovery of these costs, while not unnecessarily burning [ph] the impact of customer bills, more work, needs to be done, you know, hearings are underway this week. But I am confident we will strike that, that right balance here.
Jason Wells: Sure. Good morning, Julien. I think, given the negative tax bases that we have, in our current Enable units that will transfer for the Energy Transfer unit. I think it's fair to characterize about 50% of the proceeds that we would receive upon sale of those common units would result in – will be paid in taxes. And so as you think about sort of both the tax bill, as well as the allocated debt that we have to the to the midstream segment, we are timing our exit for midstream. So that as Dave pointed out, we are not impacting our utility segment. That 50% sort of rule of thumb for the tax component of the Enable sales is what I would consider to be a status quo, rule of thumb. We are working on various tax strategies to help improve that position. In addition, whatever remaining debt that exists after disposition of those units paid out of the associated, tax bill paid out of the associated debt, we believe we have sufficient O&M levers to offset which is why we are fully confident that as we exit midstream, we will be able to do so in a manner that has no impact on our stated 6% to 8% utility growth rate.
Jason Wells: Yeah. Let me let me take that one on first. I think you know, there has been a lot of dialogue across the state about a lot of the reason the generation went down is because it was not properly winterized, that includes both the subtle wind solar and gas generators, but in fact, at one point, the big nuclear plant STP also went down at one point last week. As you know, the state's sort of electric grid is constructed for sort of peak summer air conditioning time and therefore this concept of winterizing your equipment, winterizing the generators, it's going to be difficult to do because obviously by enclosing them, and insulating them and winterizing them, it means you just put more stress on it during the summer when it's really hot. So I think there are ways to do it. And companies are going to have to find ways to do it because I suspect that's one of the things that's going to come out of Austin from a regulatory standpoint. But specifically to your question, we actually have winterized our equipment, and really protected it from both the hot and cold weather. But there are some incremental opportunities for us to do certain things, really more as a resiliency and hardening our system standpoint, I wouldn't think of it as winterizing, as more or less hardening and making the system more resilient. And of course, we'll be able to get that into rate base. And I would view it as sort of a slight potential increment to our capital spend.
Jason Wells: Sure. I'll give you the three top states are kind of in Texas, we have about $1.25 billion of incremental costs. In Minnesota, about $0.5 billion, and in Arkansas, we've got about $350 million, and then the rest is spread fairly evenly across the other jurisdictions.
Jason Wells: You know, I think it's really kind of early to get ahead of the regulatory process. But you know, securitization has been discussed. And so whether it's securitization, following - the current recovery timelines are about 12 months, in some of the jurisdictions, particularly those three that I mentioned. A year to recover maybe too much for customer bills, they may extend the timelines 18 months or so. And so there are a number of tools being discussed, securitization is just one of those at this point.
