Bill Rogers: Thank you, Scott. I will provide a quarter-to-quarter operating income walk for our Electric T&D and natural gas distribution segments, followed by EPS drivers for Utility Operations and our consolidated business on a guidance basis. Beginning on slide 11; Houston Electric performed well during the first quarter. Rate relief translated into $14 million of favorable variance and a 2% customer growth provided $8 million of positive variance. Usage accounted for $4 million in unfavorable variance. This is primarily a result of milder weather. Depreciation and other taxes accounted for a non-favorable variance of $9 million, but our electric T&D segment were disciplined on O&M expenses this quarter, and remains focused on limiting O&M growth in the future. As we have previously disclosed, we expect equity return to be lower in 2016 relative to 2016. The decline this quarter relative to first quarter 2016 was $6 million. Excluding the decrease in equity income, the Electric segment's operating income increased from $46 million to $51 million on a quarter-to-quarter basis. Overall, Houston Electric is on track with our expectations. Turning to slide 12; the Natural Gas Distribution segment also performed well for the quarter. The business benefitted primarily from rate relief, providing a positive $13 million variance. Customer growth of 1% provided $2 million in positive variance. The business had $15 million of lower usage, primarily due to milder weather, after adjusting for decoupling and weather normalization adjustments. We would expect to recover some additional amounts later in the year through our normalization mechanisms. A larger share of the weather impact was in Texas. This is a result of the warmest winter on record, and that Texas is the only state, where we operate without a decoupling or a weather adjustment mechanism. Our Gas Distribution also remain disciplined on O&M, which was nearly flat for the quarter, excluding certain expenses that have revenue offsets. The segment did benefit from a onetime property tax refund in Minnesota. As included in the taxes other than income taxes line item on the income statement. In summary, the Gas distribution segment's operating income increased from $160 million to $164 million on a quarter-to-quarter basis, despite a very mild winter in our Southern Service territories, we are on track with our expectations. Energy Services first quarter operating income was $20 million excluding mark-to-market adjustments. This represents a $5 million improvement over the first quarter of 2016. The segment's recent acquisitions are contributing to operating income as expected. As we previously disclosed, we expect Energy Services to deliver $45 million to $55 million in operating income in 2017. A quarter-to-quarter earnings per share walk on a guidance basis begins on page 13. We start with the $0.23 of Utility Operations EPS and had $0.02 of improvement from core operating income, excluding equity return. Next, we had $0.03 of improvement from lower interest expense and our full quarter of distribution from Enable preferred investment. The decline in equity of churn in the Electric segment resulted in a $0.01 loss per share on a quarter-to-quarter basis. In summary, Utility Operations had an approximately 17% improvement on a quarter-to-quarter basis, with the guidance EPS increasing from $0.23 to $0.27 per share. Our consolidated guidance earnings per share comparison is on page 14. With the Utility Operations increase of $0.04 and the midstream increase of $0.01, we had approximately 16% quarter-to-quarter improvement on a guidance basis, or $0.37 per share in this quarter versus the $0.32 per share in the first quarter of 2016. With this $0.05 improvement for the first quarter and a number of positive factors expected to continue, including rate relief, interest expense savings and the improved Midstream environment, we had strong momentum for the remainder of 2017. I will end my prepared remarks on slide 15; as we had previously disclosed, we expect to invest $7 billion on behalf of our customers over the next five years. Actual investment will be guided by customer and load growth. Our recent proposal to ERCOT for approximately $250 million of additional transmission investment to support industrial customer [indiscernible] near Freeport, Texas is an example of this growth. As disclosed in earlier calls, our anticipated net incremental borrowing needs in 2017 are between $200 million and $500 million, inclusive of the funding of our purchase of AEM earlier this year. And we are not forecasting a need for equity in either 2017 or 2018. I will close by reminding you of the $0.2675 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on April 27, which represents a 4% increase over last year's dividend.
Bill Rogers: John, good morning. This is Bill. With respect to 2017, we are still in the first quarter. First quarter, we have done well. First quarter and third quarter are big quarters of the year, and the weather influences both of those. But we are confident we are on track, certainly within the EPS guidance for the 2017 year. Many of the factors that we discussed in our prepared remarks for 2017 would apply to 2018 as well, including the momentum that we have in the midstream segment.
Bill Rogers: Given that it's just the first quarter, we are not in a position to guide either or within the range of the 2017 EPS guidance.
Bill Rogers: Michael, that's related to two things, allocation of depreciation expense and AMR and transition bonds.
Bill Rogers: Ali, I thinks it's premature for us to comment on 2019 and beyond with respect to equity plans. It is certainly our intent to manage our level of investment, our dividends and our financing, in order to maintain our existing credit quality and credit ratings. Provide the right investment on behalf of our customers and our growing service territories, and not to dilute our shareholders.
Bill Rogers: Lasan, good morning it's Bill. I would say the current focus for our CES business is to integrate these recent acquisitions, increase offerings to customers and customer retention rate, and find opportunities on the supply side of that to help us with our margins. So that would be the current focus. Should opportunities present themselves in other geographies or within existing geographies, we will take a look at that, but that's not an active strategy at this time.
Scott Prochazka: Greg, good morning. This is Scott. The process we would have to step through and we are stepping through is, having ERCOT review our proposal on and assuming that they are supportive of this, the next step would a file with the commission. Given all those steps and the timing for each of those steps, we would anticipate that the construction period would be between 2019 and 2021.
Scott Prochazka: Yeah my comments earlier was that, that we are continuing that. We have mentioned on our first quarter call, we anticipate providing an update on our -- well I said, I am sorry on our fourth quarter call, that we anticipate providing an update on our second quarter call. So we are still on track to do that, and we are still in discussions with other parties in evaluating alternatives. So sit tight, we will provide an update on or before our second quarter call.
Scott Prochazka: Yes John. One of the options is to keep it. We have talked about the list of options being a sale, a spin or keep. And even under the keep situation, we continue to work on things that would reduce the variability associated with our ownership of Enable and a lot of that activity is happening at the Enable level, with the nature of the contracts and the deals that are putting together.
Scott Prochazka: Michael good morning, this is Scott. We have historically performed in the range between 9.5 and 10 for out utilities and our expectations are that that will continue this year as well.
Scott Prochazka: Well I think my thoughts are perhaps similar to others, based on observation. The peers that utility M&A has slowed a little bit, could be for a number of factors. But our interest in M&A is the same as it has always been, and that is that, we really focus our energy around investment in our utilities. We look at the opportunity to invest up to and perhaps in excess of $7 billion in our utilities over the next five years. Knowing the timeliness and the returns we can get, based on investment in our jurisdictions, and we have to compare that to the quality of investment through M&A and our emphasis remains on organic investment.
Scott Prochazka: Yeah. I think that's a fair characterization. We are fundamentally a utility company. We believe we run utilities well. And if we found an opportunity that made sense to make our utilities larger, in a way that created value for our customers, we would certainly consider it.
Scott Prochazka: Steve I think you know, it's not our real practice to comment on specific opportunities. But it is interesting watching this proceeding unfold. To my understanding, it's not yet closed. So like you all, we are just watching this thing unfold and seeing what we can glean from the outcomes.
Scott Prochazka: You know, I think it's possible. I mean, there have been several announcements made. Many of these announcements, it's still not clear yet on the siding. So as they get firmed up on siding, it may create more opportunity. But the project that we had submitted to ERCOT was based on committed projects by the customers. So it's possible that others could step in and propose and ultimately get approval and pursue, and to the extent that were to happen, that may well represent additional investment opportunity for us.
Scott Prochazka: Yeah. So let me just share some thoughts on that front. So the improvement we have seen in the industry and at Enable are certainly great to see and much of what they have been doing, the nature of their contracts have been going down the path of creating less volatility, which is one of the objectives we were seeking. So in that regard, it is moving in the right direction. But it is still fundamentally a different industry. It's still the Midstream space, where as the rest of our investment is in utility. So our process will continue to its natural conclusion, and then we will move forward from there. But I think it's fair to say, as you commented that improvements in the industry and changes that are occurring at Enable are both favorable for us, from an ongoing ownership perspective.
Scott Prochazka: No I don't -- look this is probably a question that may make sense to ask Enable as well. But you know, I don't see that as affecting the value of the company. The value of the company is going to be predicated on their opportunity to invest and grow in that space. And taking some of the volatility out of their financial performance, I don't see that as deterring from the value of the company.
