Scott M. Prochazka: Thank you, Carla. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on CenterPoint Energy's second quarter 2014 earnings conference call. I would first like to thank those of you who joined us either in person or on the webcast for our June 30th Analyst and Investor Day. At that event, we shared our optimism for the future based on growth in the organic investment opportunities in our utility service territories. We believe we are well-positioned to provide our customers and the communities we serve highly reliable and safe utility service. Further, we believe our investment in Enable Midstream Partners creates additional shareholder value as they realize growth opportunities. For those not able to participate, let me reiterate a few key messages from the meeting. We introduced a $1.2 billion potential upside to our current 5-year estimated capital plan of $6.2 billion. We shared that while our current plan is expected to generate annualized rate-based growth of 7% to 8% from 2014 to 2018, our potential upside capital investment could increase that annual growth rate to 9% to 10%. Our current plan supports utility earnings compound annual growth of 4% to 6%, and a potential upside capital investment would allow us to more confidently target the upper end of that range. We are currently reviewing our 5-year strategic plan and we'll formally update or revise capital investment schedule beginning or during our fourth quarter earnings call. Also, at our Analyst Day meeting, Lynn Bourdon and Rod Sailor of Enable Midstream Partners discussed their company's value proposition and reviewed the key drivers that will support sustainable growth in their distributable cash. Each of these elements contributes to our expectation of providing CenterPoint Energy shareholders a stable dividend with growth of 8% to 10% annually over the next 3 years. Our investment thesis is to provide reliable earnings growth with an industry-leading dividend growth rate. Turning to our second quarter 2014 performance. Net income was $107 million, or $0.25 per diluted share, compared to a net loss of $100 million or a loss of $0.23 per diluted share for the same period in 2013. Excluding the 2 unusual items associated with the formation of Enable Midstream Partners, second quarter 2014 net income would have been $131 million or $0.30 per diluted share. For the second quarter of 2014, Utility Operations contributed $0.14 per diluted share, and our Midstream Investments contributed $0.11. On a guidance basis, second quarter 2014 earnings were $0.21 per diluted share as compared to $0.29 in the same period last year, which included a $0.07 per diluted share onetime tax benefit associated with the formation of Enable Midstream Partners. Of the $0.21 per diluted share, Utility Operations contributed $0.10 and Midstream Investments contributed $0.11. Our second quarter performance once again illustrated the benefits of our diversified energy delivery portfolio. The effect of mild weather at Houston Electric was almost entirely offset by strong performance from gas operations. Core operating income from utility operations was $156 million this quarter, compared to $159 million last year, excluding a $10 million of partnership formation expense in the second quarter of last year. In addition, we recognized $71 million of equity earnings from our investment in Enable Midstream. As many of you know, Enable released their second quarter results and held their earnings conference call yesterday, so I will direct you to Enable's published documents for a detailed review of their results. I would also like to remind you that Enable finalized its IPO and purchased essentially all of our remaining interest in the Southeast Supply Header during the quarter. As a result, our LP ownership interest in Enable is now 55.4%. Through June, we invested nearly $630 million to serve our customers better and to accommodate the continued growth demands on our system. We remain on track to invest $1.4 billion of capital by year end. I am pleased with our company's performance so far this year. We remain focused on operating safely, serving our growing customer base effectively and running the businesses efficiently. I will now turn the call over to Tracy, to review electric operations.
Scott M. Prochazka: We will -- I'll just add onto that. We will continue to evaluate the implications of their forecast as it change, as it may impact our growth rate. But at this point, as Gary said, the growth rate is still 8% to 10%.
Scott M. Prochazka: I think we've mentioned several times. First of all, our top priority is organic investment, right? We're going to focus on that and making sure that Enable is properly governed and they're doing what they need to. But as we've said before, we have an interest in M&A if it meets our strategic criteria. You've asked specifically about Oncor. I think, in the past, we've commented that from a strategic standpoint, there's good industrial logic for it. But as this process unfolds, as we look at this, we're only going to do something if it makes sense, it meets our strategic criteria and it creates value for our current shareholders.
Scott M. Prochazka: I'd say -- on the Utility side, we see -- certainly, we see some growth. There's some strength in the growth space, very strong. We had the weather downturn, as you noted, in the actuals for the quarter, which has kind of negatively impacted that. But overall, we're still very confident with what we see in our ability to deliver on that range, given our ability to constructively manage O&M and take advantage of the growth that we see happening in the area.
Gary L. Whitlock: Thank you, Joe, and good morning to everyone. I have a few topics to discuss with you this morning, but before doing so, I, too, would like to thank those of you who participated in our Analyst and Investor Day. We believe we have a compelling investment pieces in of delivering solid business and growth, combined with an industry-leading dividend growth rate. Not only will we work diligently to effectively execute our business plan, we will also continue to focus on providing our shareholders and analysts with clear and timely metrics from which to evaluate our progress. Now let me discuss my first topic, liquidity. In line with our objective to maintain appropriate levels of liquidity on reasonable terms, combined with maximum borrowings flexibility, we are in the process of extending our current facility by 1 year with no change to the commitment fees, or to the borrowing cost under the facility. If the extensions are successful, the revolving credit facilities will each have a remaining term of 5 years, expiring in 2019. Now I'd like to discuss our earnings guidance for 2014. This morning, in our second quarter earnings release, we increased our 2014 consolidated earnings estimate to be in the range of $1.14 to $1.21 per diluted share. Our consolidated guidance is bifurcated into 2 ranges: Utility Operations and Midstream Investment. We have assumed a consolidated effective tax rate of 37% and an average share count of 431 million shares. Despite the impact of weather on this quarter, we reaffirmed our utility operations earnings guidance range of $0.72 to $0.76 per diluted share. The utility operations guidance range considers significant variables that may impact earnings such as weather, regulatory and judicial proceedings, throughput, commodity prices, effective tax rates and financing activities. However, the company does not include in its earnings expectations the impact of any changes in accounting standards, any impact to earnings from the change in the value of the stocks and the related securities or the timing of the value of the Time Warner stocks and the related [indiscernible] securities or the timing effect of mark-to-market accounting. Additionally, we increased our midstream investment's guidance range to $0.42 to $0.45. This Midstream Investment's guidance range takes into account Enable's most recent public forecast, effective tax rate, the accretion of our basis difference in Enable and other factors. As the year progresses, we will keep you updated on our earnings expectations. As recently announced, our objective is to grow our dividend at a compound annual growth rate of 8% to 10% over the next 3 years, which differentiates us within our industry. Our dividend policy of targeting an annual payout ratio of 60% to 70% of sustainable earnings from our Utility Operations, and 90% to 100% of the net after-tax cash distributions we received from Enable, clearly supports our commitment to achieving the stated dividend growth rate objective. Finally, I'd like to remind you of the $0.2375 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on July 24th. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate a our strong commitment to our shareholders, and the confidence that management and the Board of Directors in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. Now let me thank you for your continued interest in CenterPoint energy, and I will now turn the call back over to Carla.
Gary L. Whitlock: Well, I wouldn't say that. I think, at this point, what you're seeing, I think, we are implementing what we've said we -- we really want to look at Enable. As you know, they announced earnings yesterday, they laid out their EBITDA range. And -- which, I think reflects, by the way, what we laid out at the Analyst Day, 8% to 10%. And I think, at this point, we know that's the range. Certainly, our objective -- their objective is to be as profitable as possible, increase their distributions as much as possible. But at this point, I'd say stay with 8% to 10%. And as I said before, our objective is to be at the high end of that, of course, and then we'll look at it each year. I think that's an important thing. Each year, we'll look at what that looks like, and as I said at the Analyst Day, we want to update our -- update you guys on where we see that compounded growth rate. But no change in the range at this point.
Gary L. Whitlock: Well we, as you know -- this is Gary. Good morning, Ali. We've not provided '15 guidance. I think, directionally, we're frankly very pleased with what they laid out. I think you can see they're investing a significant amount of capital, and I think that they're very clear to the market in letting you guys know the amount of capital that they're going to execute on. But in terms of 2015, we're not providing guidance at this point. But certainly, our expectations is that they would increase their EBITDA growth and distributable cash flow in 2015, and we expect them to continue beyond that. So I'm going to call it in line with our expectations, but in terms of specific guidance, we'll give that first quarter of next year.
Gary L. Whitlock: I think it is. It's subject to, I would say, some type of change in the tax rates. But, yes, I think you could use it for now. I mean, I think that's a fair rate to use, yes.
Gary L. Whitlock: Well, in terms of the -- let me maybe back up and review our financing plan, is to thoughtfully use our debt capacity, and that's what we're doing. We ended the year with debt to total cap of about 53.5%. If you look at the end of the quarter, it's about 55.7%. So we have quite a bit of runway in front of us to thoughtfully use our debt capacity, to the extent that Joe and Tracy are able to execute on accretive growth capital above and beyond that. Frankly, we'd be delighted to get feather in some equity to support that. But we'll, first of all, thoughtfully use our debt capacity that we work diligently to have the flexibility to use over these past few years. Hope that's helpful.
Gary L. Whitlock: I'll take this. Matt, I think it's really -- again, obviously, you can look at their release in terms of the details, but I think this is what we've expected, and it's really around, as they have -- are able to drive more transparency around their outlook. Certainly, commodity prices were moving in their favor to some extent. I think that's weakened some. And as I said, we really need to follow what they laid out, but as you can see, they laid out yesterday I think a really strong CapEx plan and growth in their EBITDA. So we'll follow them. And I think it's pretty well in line with what we expected. And again, as they became public, we understood where they were going to be on SESH, in our ownership and those things, to be able to just fine-tune, if you will, their guidance at this point.
