David M. McClanahan: Thank you, Carla. Good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. This morning marks the first quarter we are reporting the results of our new midstream partnership with OGE Energy. This partnership is an exciting opportunity for CenterPoint, and has the potential for substantial long-term shareholder value creation. We will provide a status update on the partnership's progress, as well as second quarter performance later in the call. Earlier this morning, we reported a second quarter net loss of $100 million or $0.23 per diluted share. Second quarter results included 2 unusual items resulting from the formation of the midstream partnership. The first, related to a $225 million non-cash deferred tax charge, which Gary will speak to later on the call. The second, related to $10 million of expenses that the company incurred in the formation of the midstream partnership. Excluding these 2 unusual items, the second quarter net income would've been $131 million or $0.30 per diluted share, compared to net income of $126 million or $0.29 per diluted share for the same period of 2012. This quarter's performance continues to demonstrate the benefit of CenterPoint's balanced and diversified energy delivery portfolio. Our regulated natural gas distribution unit reported a strong quarter, offsetting the impacts of milder weather on our electric unit. As anticipated, the financial performance of our midstream investments fell below last year's results. Scott is going to speak to the performance of each of our business segments following my remarks. Let me speak to the progress being made at the midstream partnership. Earlier this week, we announced the name of the new partnership, Enable Midstream Partners. This name captures the rich heritage of both CenterPoint and OGE, reinforces our focus on enabling our customer success and reflects our employees' mindset and expertise. Yesterday, we also announced our senior operations leadership team. Up until now, we have continued to operate the former CenterPoint and Enogex businesses as 2 separate businesses within the partnership. We have had a number of teams working diligently on integration efforts, and we now believe it is important that we operate as a single integrated and united company. Keith Mitchell, the former President of Enogex, was named Chief Operating Officer of the midstream partnership. Keith is a very capable and experienced executive and will do a fine job in this role. We also named 8 additional senior officers of the partnership, all are very seasoned and knowledgeable midstream executives. Our search for a chief executive officer is continuing. The most important decision that Pete and I have is this one, and it has our undivided attention. As you know, it is very important to select the right person for the long-term success of the partnership. I'm confident we'll find the right candidate for this role. We have also identified a number of projects that will help us obtain the $50 million of estimated synergies over the next 2 years, as we have previously discussed. A number of these are related to our field operations and are in the process of being implemented. While it will take some time to realize the full potential of this partnership, I'm pleased with our progress to date and the attitude and commitment of our employees to make this partnership successful. Gary will update you on the progress the partnership has made in preparation for its initial public offering. Scott will now update you on the business performance of each unit for the second quarter of 2013.
David M. McClanahan: Matt, this is David. No, we were talking about the total partnership. Each business was really pretty close to plan. We expected liquids prices to drop and they did. We expected that ancillary services were going to be challenging and they were. So I think that both businesses operated pretty close to the plans we put together earlier this year.
David M. McClanahan: Well, we clearly want a seasoned executive that it can come in and help integrate and unite these 2 companies. We're looking for a seasoned executive in the midstream business who knows the energy business and that is a leader. And so we have lots of candidates we've been talking to, including some internal candidates. Lots of interest in this position, as you would expect. But this is a really important decision for us because we're going to operate this thing for the long term, not the short term. And so we're looking for a leader that's really going to help us get and create long-term value for both -- all the owners of the partnership. So timeline, we're going at this as fast as we can, but we're not going to make a decision just to make it. We're going to make it when we believe we have the right person to run the partnership.
David M. McClanahan: Steven, we're a little bit hampered by what we can say because of the S-1 filing, which we hope to be doing here. I will say, just generally, there's lots of activity still in the wet basins that are in -- that the partnership both processes gas out of and gathers. So lots of activity. We're pursuing a lot of activity. But we can't give any specific details around any basin right now.
David M. McClanahan: Charles, that's probably the biggest one. Obviously that was a $3 billion pipeline. And you're right, we are very disappointed. We put a lot of work into that. But that's the way things go sometimes. But there's not anything comparable to that, that I'm aware of, on the pipeline side.
David M. McClanahan: I'll take a shot at that because Gary and I talk about that a lot. And that is part of the regulated businesses, I think, still a dividend payout policy based on earnings is appropriate. But I think, for the cash flow we're going to get from our interest in the partnership, we have to think about that differently. Obviously, we need to look at how we can use that cash, whether it's investing in our core businesses or paying out dividends or buying back stock or something of that nature, we will. But I think, you do you need to look at the 2 pieces of our business different than we have in the past.
David M. McClanahan: And on the M&A front, Sarah, we continue to look at opportunities. We'd love to grow our regulated utilities, whether it's gas or electric. That's our core business and we like to grow it. Recognizing, as you do, that when you pay premiums for utilities, you have to make sure that it's accretive and value-accretive to your shareholder because you can't recover the premiums back through rights. So it's a little bit more difficult in a regulated business to do M&A because of the kind of the rate treatment, but we are active in doing that. As you know, we did acquire NorAm some years ago in a transaction and we continue to be interested in this space.
Gary L. Whitlock: This is Gary. We expect, again, that we would file the S-1 in the fourth quarter -- hopefully, in the fourth quarter, late third quarter or the fourth quarter. In terms of the timing of the IPO, again, that depends on the review process of the SEC.
Gary L. Whitlock: This is Gary. Look, the way we're thinking about this is that we want to file the S-1. We want to obviously file the S-1, really understand the cash flows that we'll have from the joint venture. Also this fall, as you would expect, we go through our normal process of looking at the capital that we'll allocate to our businesses, both the electric and the gas utilities. So it's really understanding our capital allocation opportunities, the dividend policy is part of that. And of course, historically, we've been allocating capital to the midstream business in the future subsequent to the IPO or even before the IPO, ultimately, we'll receive cash from the joint venture. So we're taking all of that, Andrew, into consideration in determining the dividend level. We think the appropriate time to do that is really after the first few years. I said, we hope to do the IPO as soon as possible. Again, we'll file the S-1 as soon as possible and hope to have a review of that and go to market as soon as possible. We hope that's going to be this year, if not in the first quarter of next year. I think having clarity around those items will be important in terms of making the dividend decisions, which is part of our capital allocation. So I think that's the color around it, Andrew.
Gary L. Whitlock: I'm not going to get in front of the board on that. I think that certainly, the IPO is important. But again, the JV in terms of the cash flows we'll have on the JV is really the clarity around their capital plan and with their investment plan. So I won't speak to whether it's going to be 1-step or 2-step, but clearly, we have the flexibility to rewrite the dividend, and again, that's going to be a part of a holistic decision around our capital allocation opportunities.
Gary L. Whitlock: Yes. Certainly, our state taxes, Steve, are one of the items that we all call a variable that we outlined. And again, the background of this, when we formed the joint venture, as you know, we look at our state taxes, both current and deferred, each quarter, and we have to adjust for that. When we formed the joint venture, that allowed, if you will, looking at both the allocations and the construct of the determination of those rates, and that allowed us to adjust our deferred taxes related to then forming the joint venture. And again, those deferred taxes do result in cash-reduced state tax payments.
Gary L. Whitlock: No, really the step up is not going to make any difference in terms of the way we're going to record earnings. I'd say the way -- the amount of equity earnings, it's either going to be additional depreciation coming from the joint venture or a change in the amortization that we have at the company. So there's really no cash impact or change.
Gary L. Whitlock: This is Gary, Carl. This is really not a tax -- this is really doing -- this is related to the book accounting for the joint venture. This is really around GAAP accounting for the joint venture. So it's not really going to have an impact on -- as I said, cash or economic impact up to the joint venture.
Gary L. Whitlock: Okay. Yes. I think, the way to -- and you may have missed this early, but you need to exclude the $225 million deferred tax provision in terms of the effective tax rate for the quarter. So when you exclude that, that effective rate is 13%. Then that's lower than the statutory rate, of course, which is normally 36% to 37%. And the reason for that, we recorded in this quarter $29 million benefit related to lowered state deferred taxes. And those lower state deferred taxes again will ultimately -- those deferred taxes will ultimately result in lower payments, cash payments. So if you were to adjust both of those, it would be a 33% rate. For the balance of the year, our rate will return to more normal rate, I'm going to say circa 36% to 37%. So for the full year, you can expect a tax rate of about 32% to 33% for the full year. And again, I want to emphasize that the $29 million lower state deferred tax is a different item than the $225 million. The $225 million is the onetime non-cash deferred tax. The lower deferred taxes on the state taxes is the result of formation of the partnership, and again, will result in lower taxes going forward. And by the way, it could have gone the other way, depending on, again, on the construct of the way you calculate state taxes. We look at this each quarter.
Gary L. Whitlock: And Ali, this is Gary, just to continue on that vein. One of the earlier question was around the timing. And again, we really want to have this fall, as we go through our normal process of cap allocation understanding the opportunities we have to invest in our businesses, really understand that better and then have a real clear view, hopefully, again, as I mentioned earlier in the call, that we'll file the S-1 as early as this fall, and hopefully have the IPO done, but hopefully no later than the first quarter, we'd like as much clarity as possible as we make the decision on how much of our capital to allocate to the dividend, how much to allocate to direct share repurchases. But most importantly, we hope that we can invest -- continue to invest in our businesses. So that's the reason for the timing, if you will, on the dividend.
Scott Prochazka: Andrew, this is Scott, let me take that one. The statement I made was referencing the use of those mechanisms for asset recovery. I was not referencing a full-blown rate case. That's the distinction there. We just don't intend to use -- file this year for using those mechanisms. And the comment about a rate proceeding being a little further out is still very valid.
Scott Prochazka: Usage is holding about even. We've seen a little bit of decline in the past and then it seems to have leveled out here lately. So I'd say it's about flat to what we've -- and that's been our expectation and that's what we're actually experiencing.
Scott Prochazka: Ali, this is Scott. Yes, I think, your assumption there is pretty good. We are -- both of those businesses are earning right around their allowed return across the gas properties in aggregate, as well as in the electric area.
Scott Prochazka: Okay. Sarah, we're in the process now of going through our next cycle of planning, where we look at capital requirements for the next 5-year period. But the growth that we've seen in Houston to date, it stays still very strong. It's possible, as we refresh these, that we may see opportunities for additional investment related to growth. One area that is a possibility that's not reflected in our plan is the potential for investment in some import capacity into the Houston area, where we've now -- where we're now working with ERCOT to complete the study about the need for that. And the timing for that particular opportunity would be towards the latter end of the next 5-year period. So it is possible there is additional opportunities for investment in that area.
