Gary Whitlock: Thank you, David, and good morning to everyone. Today I would like to discuss the accounting treatment and cash flow impacts of the Supreme Court's decision in our true-up case, recent credit rating agency actions, and our earnings guidance. As David mentioned in his remarks, on the basis of the Supreme Court's March 18 decision, we plan to seek to recover approximately $1.85 billion through the sale of non-recourse securitization bonds. The $1.85 billion includes interest through September 30, certain costs associated with the sale of our generation assets, and an adjustment associated with the benefit of deferred taxes. This entire amount will be subject to federal and state income taxes at a rate of approximately 36%. Although we will receive the cash when the securitization bonds are issued, these taxes will be paid over the life of the bonds as we collect this amount from customers.  As you know, we cannot be certain when the Supreme Court will dispose of the motions for rehearing, or when the PUC will issue its order on remand and the necessary financing order. However, for purposes of this discussion, I have assumed that $1.85 billion of bonds are issued on September 30. If the bonds are issued later than September 30, interest will continue to accrue at approximately 8%.  Let me explain how the $1.85 billion would be recorded. Assuming a 36% tax rate, we expect to recognize just under $1.2 billion in after-tax earnings. This amount will be recognized in 2 different time frames. Once the decision is finalized, the company would immediately recognize after-tax earnings of approximately $830 million to reflect the recovery of additional stranded costs and transition expenses, plus the debt component of the interest amount, offset by the benefit of deferred taxes.  The equity component of the interest amount, which we estimate to be approximately $365 million after taxes, would not be recognized upfront, but will be recognized over the life of the securitization bonds. Regarding the use of the proceeds from the sale of the securitization bonds, our fundamental objectives have not changed. We will continue to seek opportunities to invest in accretive projects and to strengthen the balance sheet. Depending upon the timing and availability of these opportunities, we may also consider a modest stock buyback. Now let me address 2 recent positive credit rating developments. Following the Texas Supreme Court's decision in our true-up case, Moody's placed under review for possible upgrade the ratings of CenterPoint Energy and our subsidiaries CE and CERC. Moody's said that during the course of this review over the next few months, it will assess the financial impact from the Supreme Court ruling, including our plans for the securitization proceeds. Last month, S&P announced that it has affirmed CenterPoint's corporate credit rating at BBB, but also revised the ratings outlook on CenterPoint Energy, CE and CERC to positive from stable. In the release accompanying the announcement, S&P said that the rating action results from improvements in CenterPoint's business and financial risk profile that may support a higher rating, and reflects S&P's expectations that CenterPoint will prudently utilize the proceeds expected to result from the Texas Supreme Court's decision in the true-up case.  Finally, let me discuss our earnings guidance. We were pleased with our overall business performance in the first quarter, and this morning, we reaffirmed our 2011 earnings guidance in the range of $1.04 to $1.14 per diluted share. This guidance does not include the earnings impact of the Texas Supreme Court's decision in our true-up case which I described earlier. In providing earnings guidance, we have taken into consideration our year-to-date performance, as well as various economic, operational and regulatory assumptions. As the year progresses, we will keep you updated on our earnings expectations. Now, I'd like to turn the call back to Marianne.
Gary Whitlock: Yes, I would think of it when -- the first part of that is correct. We will sell securitization bonds, in this example, $1.85 billion that we would receive. The tax then will be paid out at approximately 36%, and you can think about that when you see the term of those bonds. So in an assumption that you have 14-year bonds, you would pay the income tax over the 14 years as you collect the money from the customers.
Gary Whitlock: I think certainly from a funding perspective, we're looking at that different because we certainly are looking at a significant amount of cash. I think the MLP though, perhaps has other benefits, and I think our position really remains the same. One, our guys are working diligently as you heard from Greg to originate new business in our midstream areas, so to the extent we got significant projects. We would look at an MLP because we'd think about the very long term, when's the best financing vehicle for the very long term. And so we're here to run this company for the longer term, not the near term. So I think an MLP certainly is not off the radar screen. I just think that the events that would be the catalyst for it really need to be significant projects in our midstream business. It's really not necessarily a near-term funding issue. And of course, there's been the qualitative aspects that you have to look at is the valuation for the total company in terms of some of the parts. We certainly continue to look at that with that structure being helpful in that regard, but I would not say it's off the radar screen. I think our screen though that we've put it through is a bit different now with the significant funding that we have coming from the securitization bonds.
Gary Whitlock: Well, I'm really not prepared this morning to put a number on that. I think "modest" speaks for itself, and certainly we would not use the majority of these funds for a share buyback. What we're going to -- let me step back from that. What we want to do, of course, is invest these dollars in accretive projects. That's job number one. And our guys are continuing to work hard to find those very good opportunities. So that's job number one. To the extent, as I've mentioned, the timing of that is different, then we'll look at paying down debt, and we look at a share buyback as well. So don't try to pin me down on a number, but it would be modest because our goal really is to invest in this business. And that's best for our shareholders over the long term and it's best for our credits over the long term is to have really high-quality, accretive investments.
Gary Whitlock: That would be non-cash, that's correct. Deferred taxes will be set up on all of this, and that would be non-cash, that's correct.
C. Harper: We continue to work on several items in the Haynesville relative to our contracts with Shell and Encana, and those are -- would evolve around water systems or other services as well. Nothing to report at this point in time. We continue to exchange proposals, and it's really up to our customers to dictate the time frame there, but we feel pretty good that we'll -- eventually something's going to happen. At Eagle Ford, we continue to press forward on opportunities in Eagle Ford. One of our largest customers had a request for proposals come out and we've responded to that, and we'll continue to respond to those.
C. Harper: That's exactly right, David, it is under FCA [ph] right now, [indiscernible] but part of it is right in our [indiscernible], it's traditional gathering, and then the other part would be some higher pressure, can take away price, both gas and liquids.
C. Harper: Also I think just on our core business of gathering, I don't think there is a strategic advantage anybody would have over us just because they have existing facilities. And when you're talking about well connects and taking them to control points. So I think we're on an equal playing field on that type of relationship as well.
David McClanahan: Well, I think we hope to see some fairly consistent improvements in profitability. The wildcard here, Steve, is our traditional basins, and they have flattened out some last year, they declined a little bit more in the first quarter of this year. But we had some unusual weather, we had, wellhead freeze offs and stuff like that, so we have to kind of look at it again in the second quarter. But I think we should see continued profitability from these investments we've made in Shell and Encana. And as we said, the Fayetteville, especially in southern Woodford, those volumes are picking up, too, more than offsetting the decline we're seeing in the traditional basins.
David McClanahan: It's getting close to that. Most of the facilities are now in service and we have been putting new facility in service over the last 12 months, so once they're all in service, especially the AMI [ph] facilities, I think we'll have a good run rate. We're getting very close to that, I would think.
David McClanahan: Yes. That's not that big, it's about $125 million or so that reduced the amount, essentially reduced the amount of interest we get to recover.
David McClanahan: Greg, do you want to comment on that? This is a confidential kind of RFP and we can't provide very much color other than it's primarily directed at gas gathering and the liquids associated with that.
David McClanahan: And in terms of just the landscape of acquisitions, there's lots of activity going on in the electric space these days. A lot of that is not necessarily driven by pure regulated considerations, and of course, we look at things from a regulated standpoint. So I think there's more activity there now, so if that means anything, I guess only time will tell. Certainly on the midstream businesses, there's been activity there. They're fairly pricey as we see them. We would much rather be investing in organic growth as opposed to paying a high multiple, but we continue to look at those opportunities and I think there'll be some opportunities over time.
David McClanahan: Yes, I think that's right. I mean we obviously know the business well, but it is customer relationship. We do not have any assets today in the Eagle Ford. I would say definitely the relationship is very important.
David McClanahan: We're making some progress on trying to get some dollars or some capacity re-contracted. I think we'll have some success there this year. We probably will not get the full $500 million a day re-contracted, and certainly what we do get re-contracted will be at a lower rate than we're being paid today. We still estimate, I think we said this last time, about a $20 million annual impact this year from the loss of that backhaul. That's including our estimate for offsetting with some re-contracting amounts.
