Gary L. Whitlock: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. Today, I would like to discuss a few items with you. First, I would like to discuss our 2012 earnings guidance. This morning, in our earnings release, we increased our earnings estimate to the range of $1.13 to $1.23 per diluted share. This is up from previously provided guidance of $1.08 to $1.20 per diluted share. This revision in guidance reflects an increase in earnings for 2012 of approximately $0.03 per diluted share associated with our 2 recent midstream acquisitions. Greg will describe these acquisitions and their earnings potential in more detail in his comments. In addition to the items I just mentioned, we have developed our earnings guidance range, based on performance to date, and by using a number of variables that may impact earnings such as commodity prices, throughput volume, weather, regulatory proceedings and effective tax rate. We have taken into account the benefit of debt reduction. However, we have not assumed additional earnings from the use of the remaining cash. Our revised guidance excludes a nonrecurring pretax gain of approximately $130 million. This gain will be recorded in the third quarter and is the result of remeasuring to fair value our regional 50% interest in the Waskom assets. As the year progresses, we will keep you updated on our earnings outlook. We continue to receive questions about the financing strategy of our midstream business, especially whether or not we have made a decision to form an MLP. We have $600 million to $700 million of available cash on hand, so there is no immediate need for financing. However, our confidence in our ability to make midstream investments over the long term continues to increase, and I expect this unit will ultimately need financing to support its expanding activities. Significant ongoing investments would make an MLP attractive. Of course, the capital and financing requirements of the company's other subsidiaries will play a role in this decision as well. Also, I wanted to mention that last week we were very pleased to learn that Moody's upgraded the ratings outlook of both the parent company and Houston Electric from stable to positive. This is a reflection of the consistent improvement in our credit metrics and the overall strength of the company -- financial strength of the company. We look forward to building from our strong base of assets and continuing our track record of strong performance for our shareholders. Finally, I would like to remind you of the $0.2025 per share dividend declared by the Board of Directors on July 25. We believe our dividend actions continue to demonstrate a strong commitment to our shareholders and the confidence the Board of Directors has in our ability to deliver sustainable earnings and cash flow. I will now turn the call over to Greg.
Gary L. Whitlock: Well, as you know, we are already 50% owners of Waskom. So we have just doubled our commodity exposure. But I think David and I have addressed, on several calls before, that nearly 50% of the Waskom inlet is based on fee-based. And we also have the right, if liquids prices go extremely down, we have the right convert all of the volumes to fee-based. So the right balance, I think we have a very good balance right now, with what we're taking on. Again, the Amoruso transaction is a volume commitment transaction, so that gives us guaranteed revenues with that stream. So, I think, as we go and balance our field services portfolio, we're looking at solid fee-based investments with some, investments have maybe a moderate level of commodity exposure.
Gary L. Whitlock: Yes, let me kind of explained that. The LDC impact was in April. And it was -- there's usually some weather, especially in Minnesota, in some of our Northern areas. And we didn't get any weather. And so that was $4 million or $5 million impact on the LDC. Certainly, May and June didn't impact the LDC. On the other hand, last year, at Houston Electric, the second quarter was really warm. And so when you compare this year to last year, we were behind, probably $8 million, $9 million. We made up that. Now, compared to normal though, we were ahead. We were ahead of normal weather, probably in that same range, $8 million, $10 million.
C. Gregory Harper: Thank you, Gary. I'm pleased to report on 2 recent acquisitions that not only provide near-term earnings benefits, as Gary mentioned, but more importantly, position our field services and interstate pipeline businesses very well for the future. First, you may recall that in June, we signed an agreement with Martin Midstream to acquire their 50% interest in the Waskom joint venture asset, and several of the Prism Gas assets for approximately $275 million. This transaction closed on July 31, and we now own 100% of Waskom and are the operator of the facility. The purchase also includes Prism's Woodlawn gathering and processing system, and 3 smaller gathering systems: Mcleod, Hallsville and Darco. The Waskom assets include a recently expanded 320 million cubic feet per day natural gas processing facility, with 14,500 barrels per day of fractionation capacity. Along with the Harrison gathering system, a 75 million cubic feet per day gathering system connects to the Waskom plant. Fleet Long [ph] is a 30 million cubic feet per day gathering and processing system located in Harrison County, Texas, with 3 smaller gathering systems combined to gather and treat more than 40 million cubic feet per day of natural gas, and are located near our other newly acquired assets in East Texas and Northwest Louisiana. The majority of the throughput from the new gathering systems is connected to the Waskom plant with access to its extensive natural gas liquids markets in the Gulf Coast and Mid-Continent pipeline infrastructure. This acquisition, which positions us as the operator of key processing assets will provide a significant boost to our commercial efforts in the area. In particular, we have seen an increase in producer activity, due to the improved economics of producing liquids-rich natural gas in the Cotton Valley field, as well as other nearby formations, which is expected to enhance the inlet stream into the Waskom plant. Waskom provides a competitive market for natural gas liquids without the additional cost of transportation to the fractionation capacity at Mont Belvieu. Waskom also provides several takeaway options for natural gas, including our CEGT pipeline and access to our Carthage to Perryville pipeline and our Perryville hub. Furthermore, the railroad loading facility, that was completed in late 2011, provides our customers optionality and increased access to premium natural gas liquids markets. In our new role as owner and operator of the Prism facilities in conjunction with our existing assets in the area, we expect to realize significant commercial and operational synergies. Additionally, in May, we acquired Encana's Amoruso gathering and treating assets for approximately $89 million. Concurrently, we entered into a long-term gathering agreement for the Amoruso and Hilltop field production located in Robertson and Leon Counties in East Texas. Encana has been an excellent partner for us since we entered our first agreement with them in the Haynesville Shale in September of 2009. The gathering agreement has a term of 15 years and includes an initial volume commitment, as well as a dedication of Encana's future production from the covered area. The contract also provides a guaranteed return on all future capital deployed to gather production within the dedicated acreage. So, while drilling in dry gas areas like this one has slowed recently, the contracted volume commitments alone provide returns that meet our investment criteria. However, the ultimate recoverable reserves are significant in the dedicated area, and when drilling levels improve, we will been a great position to benefit from the increased production. As important, this transaction gives us a presence in the area and allows us to pursue liquids-rich and crude oil plays that producers are developing in that part of East Texas. Now, let me address the transactions from a financial perspective. With the synergies we anticipate to capture through the Prism assets, the increase in liquids-rich volumes we expect at the Waskom plant and our producers current production profiles, we estimate that we paid approximately 7x 2013 EBITDA for the Amoruso and Prism assets combined. On an operating income basis, we expect Amoruso to contribute $9 million to $12 million per year over the next several years, and Prism to contribute $28 million to $33 million of operating income per year. Finally, the Prism and Amoruso assets, in conjunction with the existing assets in our footprint, strategically positions us as a key gathering, processing and transportation service provider in the region, serving as a foundation for significant growth in the years ahead. Now let me turn the call over to Carla.
C. Gregory Harper: Yes. I think, definitely, the 3 components that I pointed out, Carl. It's definitely the synergies. We expect to see significant synergies as we operate these amongst the interstate pipelines we have and, obviously, the existing field services facilities in that area. But we are also see a richer gas stream already coming into the plant than what we saw last year and at the beginning of this year. We expect that to continue to increase in richness, based on some of the deals that we're negotiating and will be coming on by the end of the year. Plus, the producers that we are in concert with have given us their production profiles through 2013, so we see that ramp-up coming in, and that we expect the plant to full by year-end.
C. Gregory Harper: It's hard to say. We're spending a lot more money now, just organically, in our electric and gas distribution business than we did in the past. I expect that we're going to have more opportunities, just in our current footprint, to increase those investments. And we are going to -- we continue to look at things outside of our footprint. But when I think about our regulated side, and I include the interstate pipes in that, certainly, that's going to represent 75% or more of our earnings for the next 3 to 5 years. We do expect field services to become a more important component. But our regulated business is going to be our predominant asset and business, for our company, for long term.
C. Gregory Harper: Yes, I think that, by the end of next year, I'm confident, we'll have deployed that cash. And I think, as we make these investments, we'll start realizing the benefit of many of those investments. To the extent it's in organic, new regulated investments, which some of it will be. There is a little lag associated with that. We do have trackers, both on the electric side and gas aside. So there could be a little lag. But it's not going to very much lag at all, with these investments, even on the regulated side. It will occur between now and the end of next year.
C. Gregory Harper: Let's think about it from 2011 base, on a normalized basis, which is kind of the way we've described it in the past. Our goal is to be able to grow earnings for the company, in the 4% to 6% range annually. And that would not necessarily be smooth, it'll be a little bit lumpy, but that's on a 5-year basis. We have plenty of growth in our rate base, as you heard us say, for Houston Electric and our gas LDCs. And then the big growth is going to have come from our field services side and our midstream businesses. And what we're indicating this morning is we have a fair amount of confidence that we're going to be able to do that. The recent acquisitions, plus just the amount of activity we're involved with, gives us confidence we're going to be able to do that.
C. Gregory Harper: Our objective is to grow at that rate, right? And so, we're going to be deploying some of this cash in that process, but that's our long-term growth potential. Near term, because of the amount of cash that we have in our regulated utilities, amount of investments, it will not necessarily be just straight line. It could be a little lumpy, but that's our long-term goal.
C. Gregory Harper: Yes. The fact that we have cash on our balance sheet doesn't change our opportunity set. What it does is it provides us a very good financing amount of dollar. We don't have to pay any incremental cost to this, we just have to put it to work. And I think that we're going to be able to do that. So I think -- we do factor in the fact that we don't have to pay any incremental cost for this $600 million, $700 million of cash we have on our balance sheet. So, from that standpoint, there's clearly an upside there. But the fact that we have the cash on our balance sheet really doesn't change our opportunity set and we'd be going after the same investments whether we had the money or not.
C. Gregory Harper: No. What we said this morning is that we're more and more confident that we're going to be able to invest regularly in this business. We said, I think in the past, that we need to see visibility of $300 million to $400 million of kind of ongoing annual capital expenditures in these businesses, and we're getting more and more confident we're going to be able to achieve that. And so, as Gary said, the MLP becomes very attractive from a financing standpoint as we see that come to fruition. So, certainly, the MLP is still on the table, and whenever we get to the point where we need financing, we will absolutely look at it.
C. Gregory Harper: Well, I think you need a -- there is a different skill set. I don't think it's necessarily harder or -- not harder, but you have to know what you're doing. I've actually spent a fair amount of time with Greg on this very subject, talking with him about do we have the skill sets, do we have the talent? And we have people on staff that have done this before. They're very familiar with it. And as Greg said, we have some folks that we are acquiring as part of this recent acquisition. That is going to further add to our internal capabilities. So, yes, you need different skill sets. But I think we have them and we can acquire those that we don't have.
C. Gregory Harper: I think our anticipation is, based on some producer profile curves, we'll be hopefully looking at an expansion in the near term. But I'm not quite sure if the fractionation capacity is able to put on a whole new train.
C. Gregory Harper: Yes, the 9 to 12, operating income parameter, so was operating income. And 28 to 33 is operating income for Prism. The multiple that I mentioned, the 7x 2013, was on an EBITDA basis.
C. Gregory Harper: I think the deals that David mentioned are going to be greenfield-type build-outs. So, hopefully, we would be building those at 4x to 6x. It's what you typically try to build-out new facilities at.
C. Gregory Harper: I would also add that we have very good relationships, both with Martin Midstream and also, as I mentioned in my remarks, with Encana. And these deals come about through those types of relationships as opposed to them taking these assets out to bid.
C. Gregory Harper: It's certainly getting tougher, Carl. Most of our -- especially, as we add in these new assets going forward but...
C. Gregory Harper: 36% was traditional this quarter. So it's looking like 60-40, it's going to kind of hold there. As I tried to look at the quarter compared to the previous quarter, our traditional plays, we still saw some erosion of volumes there. We're offsetting those volumes with the Amoruso and Prism, but it's probably in the 1% to 2% decline range, from last quarter, our traditional basins, and that will continue unless we get some drilling in those areas. But it's not a real steep decline, because once these things kind of get through the big steep decline the first year or 2, then it's an annual decline but at a much more slower rate.
David M. McClanahan: You know I think it is going to depend, in part, on our confirmation through this right away, in survey work. Between $100 million and $200 million is the relative size for just this particular system. Now, of course, our long-term desire is to be able to expand that system and serve other customers in the area as well. But, certainly, this individual -- just this project, would be in that range.
David M. McClanahan: I don't have anything to add there. I think we're comfortable with this amount of commodity exposure and the fact that we can move it into fixed fee if we decide that's what we want to do.
David M. McClanahan: The only thing I'd say -- I'm not sure we can answer that. But we've responded to RFPs that have a crude component in it. And then we talked to you about the one project that we're pursuing right now. So you may be correct, but our experience is that they're not necessarily holding onto the crude part of this. And I think, as commodity prices have fallen, you've seen producers want to let somebody else handle the infrastructure. And whether that continues or not, we'll just have to wait and see.
David M. McClanahan: I think, when it goes the acquisitions, I think this is on the low side. But, it really goes to the fact that we had facilities and operations in and around our Prism assets. And with this acquisition, we're going to be able to do more with the combination of all of these that somebody that wasn't in our position couldn't do. We were in a unique position to be able to do this, and so that's what we're trying to capitalize on here. If it was in an area that we didn't operate in. For us to get this kind of multiple is probably pretty hard.
David M. McClanahan: Yes. I think, one reason why we give 2013, that is a first full operational year. We think, obviously we'll integration expenses here, through the balance of this year, plus we're ramping up production. I think, it's going to take 2 full years for all of the synergies to play out for the fullest effect. But 2013 is going to be a good representation.
David M. McClanahan: A fair question, Ali. I would say that we try to provide enough clarity around all of our businesses that you can do some of the parts valuation and get full value. I think, conglomerates, if that's what you want to call it typically don't -- they always trade at a little bit of a discount. There's value, some, in conglomerates. We talk about the value of our balanced portfolio of electric and natural gas, and we truly see that as a value to our shareholders. But we continue to look for ways to unlock value. Some people have said MLPs will do that. We're certainly are sensitive to that and continue to study that. But we want to make sure our company is trading at full value. I would say that our view is we still have some upside it. And we continue to try to make sure there's enough information in the market that the market can properly value us.
David M. McClanahan: Good question again. I would say that, our analysis of that, based on the alternative, which is to invest in these kind of projects, it's better to invest than buy back stock. That's been our conclusion. I guess it's obvious, we'd be buying back stock if we didn't think that.
David M. McClanahan: Thank you, Carla. Let me close this morning by acknowledging a colleague of mine who is going to be retiring. I think many of you know that Marianne Paulsen has been head of our Investor Relations group since we formed CenterPoint 10 years ago. She's interfaced with most of the people on this call. Some more frequently than others, but I know you've all talked to her and her staff. Marianne has done a simply, an outstanding job for the company. She's a wonderful representative of the company. And as you know, she's the consummate IR professional. And of course, she's always sought to answer all of your questions as clearly and as frankly as possible. And in our early days, just explaining some of the nomenclature was a challenge. You remember the ECOM days, in those days, not very much fun. We're going to miss Marianne a lot here at CenterPoint. And I know you'll all join me in wishing Marianne a wonderful retirement as she relocates to Florida with her husband. Marianne, thank you for your dedicated service to the company and for being such a good friend to all of us. With that, I want to thank everybody, for participating today. We appreciate your support very much. Have a good day.
