David Lesar: Thank you, Tom. As Jason said, you've been a valuable part of our team, and we're grateful for the time you have shared with us. This has been one exciting year for CenterPoint. I could not be more pleased by the momentum we have, what we've accomplished and the bright future that we see for ourselves. We have truly been sweating the details so you don't have to. And I believe our effort is evident in our consistent and more predictable earnings and rate base growth in our world-class operations in growing service territories. I hope you now have the trust that we will continue our commitment to deliver on our promises to you, our investors. I believe the best is yet to come.
David Lesar: Yes. I mean certainly, We're not going to front run our Analyst Day. And we - and for one main reason is we're still trying to assess the - all the details in the bills, when they go effective and what is essentially a practical time when they can come into effect. I think another thing to focus on, a lot of people think that these were tools put in our tool kit basically to face a winter storm. In reality, what they really help us more for is hurricane season. And that's more likely that we'll have a hurricane before we'll have another year in terms of the territories that we serve. So I think it's a good set. As we said in the call, the initial view is at least another $500 million in capital. I'll maybe let Jason give a little color on what those - what - where that $500 may land and sort of what the timing might be.
David Lesar: Let me handle sort of the 50,000-foot view of that, and I'll let Jason come in and sort of fill the blanks in. I mean our commitment is to a 1% to 2% reduction every year, and we have every intention of living up to that commitment. I think as we try to provide some color on the call here this morning is we have the luxury - we're running ahead of the 1% to 2% this year. I'm thinking the 1% to 2% is averaging over the 5-year horizon that we're talking about. We're actually ahead of that, which gives us the ability to pull forward '22 into '21. And so we are taking run rate O&M out. And I view it as then just turning around and immediately investing it in sort of opportunities to save in the longer run. So I think we're dead on track on O&M. We've learned a lot from Tom about going from sort of O&M reductions to the thought of continuous improvement, which is just grinding out a more efficient operation quarter after quarter. And clearly, as we start to think about '22, I mean, we're halfway through '21. So we're having a lot of dialogue right now about what '22 looks like, where we're going to spend our money, where we're going to get savings. And clearly, that is in high focus for us right now. I don't know, Jason, do you want to add anything else or I think I've covered it.
David Lesar: I think that's the reason that we keep emphasizing that post the sale of the LDCs and post the elimination of the midstream, we are absolutely confident around our 6% to 8% growth. We don't want to leave the impression that losing that earnings stream means that we are going to back off of that 6% to 8% growth.
David Lesar: I think it's a good question, and it's something that we debate internally all the time because at the end of the day, we exist to serve our customers at a good rate. But I think you put your finger on one of them, the continuous improvement program and focus there, passing some of that along to our customers. But I think the thing that we have that most other utilities don't that people forget in the equation is our organic growth. So by continuing to grow, for instance, our Houston Electric business 2% sort of quarter-over-quarter, year after year, you're spreading essentially that fixed cost across a wider base, which also helps in terms of the impact on customer billing. So we're cognizant of the sort of responsibility we have. And I think the combination of continuous improvement, organic growth, and just bringing new technology and more resiliency and hardening of the grid, which sort of pace benefits over time is the key to doing that. But we're confident that we can pass muster with the PUC here in Texas and our other jurisdictions with respect to the CapEx that we're going to spend.
Jason Wells: Thanks, Dave. I would say we're obviously very appreciative of all the work the legislature went through to give us tools to reduce the risk of a widespread outage. In terms of timing, I would say about half of that $500 million will likely to be deployed over the next, call it, about 2 years with the remainder over the back half of the 5-year plan. We see the tools coming through in sort of a couple of different ways. Our system was designed to shed about 3 gigawatts of load in sort of widespread outage events. This past winter storm, we were asked to reduce about 5 gigawatts of load. And so what we see sort of as an immediate opportunity for us is the opportunity to own emergency generation for outages that are expected to be longer than 8 hours. We will be deploying mobile generation at the substation that within combination with a year-round demand management program will give us the flexibility to shed much more significant load for ERCOT, yet still provide power on a rolling basis for our customers. And that's some of the work that we will pursue aggressively. There were then some additional opportunities related to owning battery storage kind of as a grid level resource as well as a bill that introduced an economic dimension to citing new electric transmission lines. Those tools will help provide congestion relief and ensure even better reliability of our electric grid. But those programs will likely take a couple of years to site and build. And so I would think about half of the $500 million is coming in over the next couple of years with the remainder of the back half of the 5-year plan.
Jason Wells: Thanks, Dave. I think that's a fair assumption. As you pointed out, we outlined back in December a 5-year capital investment plan of $16 billion. At that time, we acknowledged that we held back about $1 billion of what I would consider to be sort of routine capital investment spend. We really wanted to make sure that we could efficiently grow into the increased level of CapEx as well as funded efficiently, and we're gaining that level of confidence. And then as I just mentioned, we just discussed, we see the opportunity for at least $500 million of incremental capital investment related to the recently passed legislation here in Texas. And so the combination of those factors allow us to at least increase our 5-year CapEx plan up to about $17.5 billion. And back to the central part of your question around funding it. We've had a couple of strong tailwinds that give us the ability to fund it without any incremental equity. First, as we announced on the first quarter call, we have about $300 million in incremental proceeds above our original plan from the sale of our gas LDCs. And as we talked about on today's call in our prepared remarks, we're seeing at least $250 million in after-tax cash benefits from the implementation of the tax repairs method change that we will put in place. Think about that as providing $550 million of equity-related financing. And so we can effectively double that with debt that authorized under our regulated capital structure. And so it gives us at least $1.1 billion to fund that capital investment increase. And these figures are all before we take into consideration any of the significant unit appreciation from Energy Transfer. So in short, we have significant capital investment opportunities above that $16 billion plan that we outlined in December. And we have confidence we'll be able to fund that without any incremental equity as we move forward.
Jason Wells: We're focused on this year on delivering on the high end of the 6% to 8% Utility EPS range that we had outlined. We'll reserve further comments on long-term growth for the Analyst Day later this year. But I think you highlighted an important element. As we spend this incremental capital likely beginning here towards the end of '21 to '22, It really will not drive earnings until 2023. And so think about this as a long-term tailwind for the company, and we look forward to sharing more at our upcoming Analyst Day.
Jason Wells: Yes. The natural Gas Innovation Act up in Minnesota. So no, the $1.5 billion figure that we've been discussing is prior to any incremental capital related to that new Innovation Gas Act up in Minnesota. I would say the - we do have incremental upside related to Indiana in the coal transition plan as a potential. Right now, we've outlined as part of a $16 billion capital investment plan, the costs associated with the closure and transition of 2 of our 3 coal facilities in Indiana. We will be looking at that third coal facility as part of the upcoming integrated resource plan that we will file in 2022 in Indiana. To the extent that, that filing changes sort of timing around the closure of that third and final plant in - coal plant in Indiana, that potentially could provide a further tailwind to the capital investment opportunity up there. So overall, we still have - as we tried to indicate, I think, additional tailwinds be what could be about a $17.5 billion 5-year capital investment plan. This would come from increased opportunities as we continue to work with stakeholders around the Texas legislation, as we pointed out here, the opportunities around the Natural Gas Innovation Act in Minnesota as well as further work on the coal transition plan.
Jason Wells: I'll spend a minute on providing a couple of examples that we're really proud about. We've talked about some big opportunities, things like - we're finally integrating the legacy Vectren companies onto our SAP platform. We went live with that integration this summer. And so as we tackle big events like that, that allows us to reduce significant costs. But importantly, what we're seeing is the real beginning of adoption of a continuous improvement mindset. On previous calls, we've highlighted our focus on reducing truck rolls in the field. And we had some success in the second quarter this year in our electric business by bundling some of our major underground work, bundling both the capital and the expense work we executed at the same time. And so we saw not only the benefit of reducing truck rolls, but also reducing a lot of the support cost behind the scenes. And so we are very pleased with the continuous improved at mindset that is building giving us confidence in '22. I know you also asked about sort of post Enable parent. We see some opportunity for parent costs coming down as we use the proceeds from the sale of the - what will be the Energy Transfer units to delever at the parent level as well as the reset of the preferred dividends on our Series A preferred stock in 2023. So we do see an opportunity over the next few years as well to see sort of those parent company costs also come down and help further support an overall reduction in our cost structure.
Jason Wells: Yes, happy to. Let me first start sort of overall with kind of where we expect to be with gas recovery. I think the punchline is, we expect to recover about 80% of those incremental gas costs by the 1-year anniversary of the store. That's really going to be largely driven by the issuance of the securitization here in Texas, the reimbursement for the incremental gas costs in Arkansas and Oklahoma as part of the sale of Summit as well as the recovery that has begun or will be beginning here shortly in the remaining states. Back to Minnesota. Later today, the commission there, will likely vote on a proposal to begin recovering costs over 27 months. We've been working with stakeholders there. We understand that it is a significant amount of money for our customers, and we appreciate the commission and others work to try to find a balance between timely recovery of those costs as well as helping mitigate the bill impact for our customers up there. And I think the proposal that will be heard strives to strike that appropriate balance, and we're obviously very appreciative of the work. We are also looking forward to working with regulators in each of our states going forward to see what tools we should put in place to help mitigate this risk going forward. But a lot of work has been done, and we expect to hear more later today as the - in Minnesota as the commission considers our proposal for cost recovery.
Jason Wells: Certainly, very strong results driven by a few things. Obviously, the continued growth that we see in our business, the rebound in the economy sort of post COVID and some onetime tax changes that we've highlighted on today's call. What I would say, though, is some of those onetime events will enable us to fully accommodate the cost of the recent governance changes that we announced for the Board here at CenterPoint, which will likely mostly be incurred during the third quarter this year. And so as we look at sort of the balance of the year, I think there are a couple of things that would drive us or continue to improve our profile and that's really continued growth in the markets we serve as well as continued O&M discipline. As we've tried to highlight here and we've tried to highlight on previous calls, our focus is on consistently growing our utility earnings at the top of the peer group. And when we have the ability to pull forward incremental work for the benefit of our customers, we'll do so. And we highlighted today that we've already made decisions to pull forward about $20 million of spend from '22. That's allowing our electric business in part to execute more vegetation management work, which helps with the reliability and for the benefit of our customers. And so as we see incremental progress, we will evaluate whether or not to continue to pull forward work and put us even in a stronger profile to year after year earn what we believe is EPS growth rate at the top of the industry.
Jason Wells: What I would consider it as more optimization of our tax position for our ongoing utility operations. It's largely driven by the adoption of method change for how we account for repairs expense for tax purposes. It's a pretty standard deduction in the industry. It's a temporary deduction. It effectively allows us to expense upfront, what otherwise, would be a capital addition on our system. We will claim that method change essentially starting back after bonus depreciation was phased out. So back to about 2018. And the real benefit here is obviously, it gives us this onetime cash tax benefit. But going forward, it's really a very efficient way for us to fund the incremental capital investment for the benefit of our customers. Because it is a temporary difference, it will reduce rate base modestly in the form of increased deferred tax liability. And so it gives us what I consider to be cash to address sort of on a onetime basis some of the tax gains that you pointed out, gas LDC sales as well as the sale of Energy Transfer units. But more importantly, it gives us a really efficient way to fund incremental capital investment for our customers going forward.
Jason Wells: Yes. We'll work with the Minnesota Commission, obviously, on the implementation of the Innovation Act. But the way that we read it is it would provide incremental rate base opportunity for our utility there to help invest in the decarbonization of the gas that we provide our customers up there. And so we do see this as a potential additional driver of incremental CapEx in the future. And sort of more broadly, yes, we are working with our other jurisdictions in a focused effort to help reduce the carbon intensity of the gas we supply to our customers across our footprint. And obviously, that we've got a green hydrogen pilot that will come online here in Minnesota at the end of the year. It gives us a great opportunity to begin to kind of understand that technology, how our system responds to green hydrogen, and we're looking to take those learnings and see if we can expand it across the broader part of our gas system as well as working on renewable gas - renewable natural gas opportunities. And so I think Minnesota is taking a leadership position with respect to helping reduce carbon intensity of the gas we provide our customers, and we're looking to take that beyond the work we're doing there.
