Xia Liu: Yes Shar most of the dilution from 7.5% to 5% to 7% is driven by the equity issuance that we outlined. We do have O&M as a lever. We are very focused on finding ways to allow the utility to earn allowed ROEs. But we also have – as you are aware in some jurisdictions we have the embedded regulatory lag that we will have to work through but mostly it's driven by equity.
Xia Liu: We project to maintain a low to mid-14% FFO to debt and we think that provides a healthy cushion in case of unanticipated events. So we feel good about that FFO to debt coverage – coverage ratio.
Xia Liu: We don't typically comment on behalf of Enable. I can tell you that we are very focused on cash – on their cash coverage, on their balance sheet, on their internal O&M management their maintenance capital and how they recycle their cash flow. So they do have a 1.3% cash distribution ratio and there's they are one of the few midstream players with an investment-grade credit quality. The management is doing a good job trying to manage internally. So we will continue to work with them to focus on the cash coverage.
Xia Liu: I think they both – all the utilities are growing at a healthy rate. We outlined that in – on the slide that you can see the gas LDC businesses are growing faster. So right now they're about the gas LDCs and Houston Electric both have $6.7 billion of rate base. And as we continue to grow capital a little bit faster in the gas utilities eventually they – the gas utilities will have a bigger piece of the pie, but they're all growing at a pretty healthy level.
Xia Liu: Yeah. We – the base answer is we expect Enable to make the best decision possible for their unitholders, so we're working very closely with them. And in terms of developing our equity needs and guidance range we took into consideration the timing of possible redemption of the preferreds. But just from a FFO to debt standpoint we wanted to make sure we have enough cushion to accommodate either way. And from an earnings standpoint our range will cover whether or not they call this year. 
Xia Liu: I mean our capital – the capital decision we make that on a daily basis. We have a budget for all the utilities but they're on the ground trying to make the best decision possible every day. We do have a pretty rigorous capital allocation process in place such that we take into consideration the rate case filing, timing the recoverability the – we could – we have a portion of the capital, we could pull or put just based on each jurisdiction situation. So we feel really good about how we manage through that. And then on top of that you have rate relief last year like John said. We received approval of over $100 million of rate relief and so we think that will add the growth engine for us. And also the growth from the jurisdictions from a customer addition standpoint is another factor to take into consideration.
Xia Liu: We remain at close conversation with our rating agencies as we make decisions on -- business portfolio decisions and we remain very confident that the recent divestiture of Infrastructure Services and Energy Services, as well as our execution on the utility front, our ability to earn allowed ROEs. All those things will play in the decision by the rating agencies. We remain very confident that they will see the recent decisions execution favorably.
Xia Liu: See, you do -- I do remind you that we're expecting $1 billion of net proceeds from the divestiture of those two businesses in the second quarter. So we have tremendous flexibility in terms of getting to the desired FFO to debt ratio throughout the year. 
Xia Liu: Sure. And you are fully aware that the current market conditions are volatile. We believe it is very important to be patient and yet poised to act when market conditions present themselves. As I said just now, that we're anticipating $1 billion of cash inflow from the divestiture of the assets in the second quarter, so that we could reduce debt in 2020, support our coverage ratio. So we have flexibility to execute our plan. And so, we just remain opportunistic. But regardless, we might likely set up the ATM and turn on the DRIP to start contributing the equity needs, but we'll remain opportunistic at this point.
Xia Liu: Julien, we don't speak on behalf of the rating agencies. So when they're ready, they will let you know. We do know that we've been remain very transparent conversations with each of the agencies, and they knew exactly what we plan to do. And the fact that we executed what we shared with the rating agencies would give us a lot of credibility from our perspective. And at the same time, as you're fully aware, the largest unregulated businesses are the Infrastructure Services and Energy Services businesses. Post divestiture we will be 82% -- are projected to be 82% utility, and 18% Enable. So essentially, we don't have anything else. We have a little bit businesses, but they're not material at all.
Xia Liu: Yeah. I mean, we have a slide we laid out in the appendix to show you the thinking around that. So I'll answer the second question first. The -- first of all, we are fully focused -- very focused on the FFO than the generated FFO including Enable contribution. We're mindful about our dividend policy and the board will consider going forward. We're very focused on the capital program and wanting to provide a robust regulated growth. All that take into -- we take all that into consideration then we decide how much external funding we would need to maintain our balance sheet, so that's basically the thinking process. The reason we didn't provide any guidance beyond the three years is because when you get outside of the three-year window, you would have to take into consideration rate cases, other regulatory decisions and some other things that we might not foresee right now. So I don't want to get ahead ourselves in that regard.
Xia Liu: Yeah. Sure. I'll be happy to. Yeah, I did forget your first question. So CEHE, so Houston Electric is about 40% of the business. You know their allowed ROE is 9.4%. So the team is highly focused on finding ways to get close to 9.4%. That includes revenue opportunities as well as O&M, very disciplined O&M management. So then the rest of the business the gas utilities, they have a range of allowed ROEs of 9% to 10% on average I'm generalizing each jurisdiction is different. So our goal is to try to get closer to the top end of the range in the planning horizon.
Xia Liu: Yes, I don't think we're ready. It's a they'll file in the next couple of months. So, once that's filed we'll be happy to share any details you might want.
Xia Liu: I'm sorry I misunderstood your question. You were asking the 30 -- I'm sorry, can you ask the question again? I'm sorry.
Xia Liu: They're very little. You do know we have the Energy Services Group that as part of the Vectren acquisition they represent about 1% of the business. We have a small home warranty business, but not anything major.
Xia Liu: I'll start. I'm sure John has thoughts. The part of the big piece of the O&M effort is through our merger integration. So, we achieved -- we overachieved our synergy target last year through not only headcount reduction on year one, but throughout the year I'm sorry on day one, but throughout the year. So, day one we removed a certain amount of headcount and that momentum continued throughout the year. And we also had about -- close to $300 million different initiatives to try to improve programs consolidate functions and with continued improvement processing in mind. So -- and then on top of that, we are looking at organizational designs, looking at strategic alignment, and using more data analytics, and so forth. So, it's a combination of a lot of initiatives together.
Xia Liu: I think we essentially did, because as I said, both John and I said that, last year we've achieved the annualized reduction of $100 million, if we essentially maintain that level. So that's a pretty good target, we should think about.
Xia Liu: There is a placeholder amount. I don't want you to think, we didn't put in placeholder. The placeholder amount embedded in the Indiana numbers.
John Somerhalder: Shar, as Xia indicated, we plan to very closely control O&M costs to maintain the flat or near flat. We do have very good regulatory mechanisms in states to avoid regulatory lag but we do have some regulatory lag. But the primary difference is exactly what Xia pointed out, which is we're strengthening the balance sheet as we're moving through this time period.
John Somerhalder: Yeah. As Xia pointed out the 1.3 times coverage on the distributable cash flow converted their distributions has saw their credit metrics and the history of even when we saw lower commodity prices down closer in the $30 range they have a history of being able to maintain that because of the strength of that business.
John Somerhalder: Yeah. If you just look at how we're allocating capital it's about 50% to the gas utility for rate base and then 40% Houston jurisdiction 10% in Indiana. So on capital allocation it's pretty evenly split between the two. 
John Somerhalder: And then we have weather variability, which Xia mentioned earlier. But with normalization and with some weather hedging we can minimize the impact but we still have impact to weather. And then we have the upside of being able to do what we did last year as part of the integration and that's very, very focused management of O&M costs.
John Somerhalder: No, that is not our plan. Our plan is to execute and really focus on execution as I just talked about when I answered Steve's question. So that is what management will do that, is what the board supports and that's what we're going to move forward with.
John Somerhalder: And I'd just add to that. The good news you talked about a head start on us what we're doing the process of the integration gave us a real good understanding of many of the cost levers that we can focus on. And we had success in implementing a number of those, but there are others that we have identified in areas like supply chain, areas like how we use contractors. And manage those issues. We'll focus on, all items, related to that. At the same time, we're fully committed to make sure we will spend what we need to, to maintain reliability, safety, compliance with those items. And I've been a part of companies that have managed tightly, those issues for a number of years. So I look forward to getting involved. And really focus on the right way to manage our costs.
John Somerhalder: And then, hold it as we move forward, flat or near flat. And the reason, we phrase it that way is we absolutely will make sure we spend the dollars we need to in areas like safety. But my history has always been that when you find areas that you simply need to spend money on for those reasons. You also work hard to find other areas, where you can reduce costs. So, that is our target. And I think, that's a pretty straightforward expectation that we have for ourselves.
