Scott Prochazka: Ali, we have postponed talking about the growth rate until we get clarity on the earnings around the CEHE rate case. And I think Xia also indicated that going forward, we intend to talk about growth excluding Enable. So those are the two pieces that have entered into the equation now. But of those two, the biggest is really getting clarity on the Houston Electric rate proceeding.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. It’s – clearly, the PFD is not a good outcome. We’ve tried to communicate that. Maybe one way to think about it is relative to current rates, we’ve assumed that we would at least be recovering the additional investment, the over – the $1 billion-plus of investment that we have already put in service that is not yet in rates. If we just recovered that piece, so that would be an increase, if you will, in rates from where we were, whereas the PFD has suggested a decrease. So that is a – that’s a sizable or a notable difference. Additionally, the reductions in FFO were not anticipated as well. We will be in a better position to describe the actual impacts of that as we get clarity. And I just want to reiterate, while the PFD is challenging, the commission has yet to weigh in on this, and we remain confident in the process and hopeful that the commission will reach a more balanced decision as they look at the facts.
Scott Prochazka: The nonutility businesses are a source of cash generation for us for our utilities. That’s how we look at them. We mentioned on the last call, and I’ll just reiterate, that our regular cadence of activity is to continually evaluate each of our businesses to figure out if they are providing the maximum value possible to shareholders, and we continue to do that on an ongoing basis.
Scott Prochazka: I think the best way to answer that is maybe a reiteration of what I had just mentioned to Ali, and that is we see those businesses today as a source of cash for investment in our utility businesses. And as part of a regular course of management, we evaluate whether businesses are providing the maximum value to shareholders as they possibly can. And we look at that on a regular basis, as does our Board. So we continue to think about our businesses in that context with an eye towards value maximization.
Scott Prochazka: So Julien, the way I would think about it is what I’ve said earlier, right? Today, we – the nonutility businesses and the non-Enable nonutility businesses are a source of cash for us today. So when we talk about providing a look going forward, it would be for the portfolio excluding Enable. That’s one way to think about it. You had another part to your question.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. Julien, I’ll start and maybe Xia may want to add. We had every intention of continuing our discipline around expense management. I would say the driving force that allowed us to make a sizable move this year was the merger, but we think of the savings that we have today as a new starting point from which to manage our expense equation going forward. And we will continue to be very focused on managing expense. The actual numbers associated, we’re still working those out, but we see the gains that we’ve made to date as establishing a new level from which to work.
Scott Prochazka: Insoo, I think the math and the way you’re thinking is the right line of thinking. A couple of things, though. That doesn’t include the impacts associated with the reduction in FFO. That’s just the – kind of the earnings side. Xia talked earlier about a significant reduction in FFO could accelerate the needs for equity, for example, to maintain the current metrics. So it doesn’t include that nor does it include what I would consider management response because depending on the outcome, we would consider what actions we can take to help mitigate the negative effects of an outcome. But that’s why I said there’s a lot of moving parts here. And while we’re trying to provide clarity about what the PFD says, I just want to reiterate the process isn’t over, and the commissioners have not yet opined on this. And we are very hopeful that the commissioners will have a different view of what’s appropriate.
Scott Prochazka: Well, I’d say, look, we still have an obligation to serve the customers in our service territory, and the needs of our customers ultimately are the ones that drive our thinking about capital. There is a little bit of discretionary capital from a timing perspective. But by and large, the capital we spend is needed to serve the needs of the community. So we would have to – for example, if there were disallowances upheld, we would have to get clarity on views around what is acceptable spend before we go down the path of making the spend. That’s one example of some management action that we need to take here. But the capital itself would be driven by – primarily by – it’s going to be driven by the needs of the community as opposed to the – necessarily the outcome of the proceeding.
Scott Prochazka: Chris, I would also add, I think the interveners are certainly very aware of the views of the rating agencies, about the condition that CEHE’s in relative to the rate proceeding as well as the commission and others is – the information and views around this have – and concerns, quite frankly, have been shared as part of the process.
Scott Prochazka: Well, again, the only information we have so far is the judge’s view of PFD. That’s the only piece of information that’s come out about how to think about this. The commission has yet to weigh in on this particular issue. But we made it very clear, going into the rate case and throughout the periods in which we can respond to comments and provide our own comments, of the issues associated with this subject around credit metrics is caused by different factors. So everyone is very – all the key parties are very aware of this issue.
Scott Prochazka: Well, it could be a number of things. It could be that they – there’s a number of issues that we’re asking them to opine on. There’s a full agenda, for example, at the meeting on the 14th. There are just a number of things going on. And while we would perhaps like them to work through every one of our issues and debate and make a decision, it may be, from a timing standpoint, that they don’t get through everything, and it just gets pushed to the following meeting. They’re not obligated to kind of make a decision at this upcoming meeting. So that’s why we think it’s possible they could begin dialogue and push it to another meeting. It is also possible they could get to an end point, but nothing other than just the number of issues to be debated and the size of the agenda that will make us think it would be pushed.
Scott Prochazka: I’m going to bring our regulatory expert down here to make sure he doesn’t have to correct me on the timing.
Xia Liu: It’s going very well. The part of the $100 million is what we expected, which is the synergies that we set forth a target of $50-plus million this year. So we are ahead of that. I think the team has done a really good job from day one getting costs out and continue to focus on basically turning every rock to see where we can find additional synergies. So the team has done a really good job this year improving processes and achieving synergies. At the same time, we reiterated our focus on overall O&M efficiency focus. So over the past several quarters, we have seen the results from the continued focus on that. I think all businesses have made their commitment in looking at the overall spending plan and make sure we are basically doing everything we can to become more efficient. So I’m very optimistic about the future, about our continued focus on that aspect. At the same time, I think it would allow us to continue to focus on capital deployment and grow our utility infrastructure.
Xia Liu: Yes. Sure. The – as I shared just now, we expect about – over $100 million increase from – for 2019 compared to what we previously communicated with you for the year. And for the 2020 to 2024 period, we expect the overall aggregate amount to be similar to what we shared with you from the prior five-year plan. The timing of it could be different, and that one key factor is the IRP. We’re finalizing the IRP in Indiana. So the timing of that will be incorporated as well as the continued need from our legacy utilities and from the new acquired gas. So I would say that overall, from an aggregate standpoint, we see we will maintain at a similar level for the next five years.
Xia Liu: Yes. Grow utilities, continuing to focus on O&M management and try to be smart about allocating capital and try to achieve closer to our allowed ROEs.
Xia Liu: I think the best way to answer that is we’re very pleased with where we are so far, and we’re pleased about the projected year-end numbers. And we think that will be a good starting point going forward. And as we apply a similar discipline, we expect the momentum to continue into the future years.
Xia Liu: Yes. Julien, the CEHE rate case will be a very important component of that decision. And that’s part of the reason why we are not ready to share the equity financing number yet because like Scott mentioned, the FFO reduction, that in itself would impact the financing needs to maintain similar credit metrics. So we’re not quite ready to address that yet, but we’re fully aware that maintaining our credit quality is very important. Continuing to find ways to strengthen the balance sheet is another priority.
Xia Liu: Yes, Julien, trying to – I think this year, we are – we closed some of the headroom related to – from the expected returns versus the allowed returns, so – particularly our natural gas businesses are doing a really good job. And just focusing on every dollar isn’t the same. So where do we deploy – make sure that we provide safety, reliable service, at the same time, being really smart about where to deploy the next incremental dollars. At CEHE, the – you know the timing of filing TCOS and DCRF, that in itself will continue to have a lag. For instance, the time you file TCOS versus the time we receive the revenues, there is a three-month delay. And DCRF is filing in April and getting rates in September. So the inherent regulatory lag will continue to be there. At the same time, I think the continued focus on O&M will give us some ability. I don’t think we could close completely the gap to the allowed ROE, but that definitely is a focus for us going forward.
Xia Liu: Insoo, I’ll just add quickly, in the original guidance, we also had expectations on Enable and the other nonutility businesses. And you’re aware about the development particularly related to the Enable. They guided to the lower end of this year, and they just issued their 2020 guidance. That was another component in the original guidance range.
Xia Liu: Our rating agencies are fully aware of where we are from the CEHE rate case standpoint. We keep the communication very transparent and open with them. I think they are, just like us, eager to find out what the final outcome will be from the PUC ruling. So one thing is that we are aware of the PFD recommendations. But the other thing, like Scott said a couple of times, we remain hopeful that the final outcome is more balanced and constructive outcome. So depending on the outcome, I think the rating agencies will communicate again with the rating agencies about where we are.
Xia Liu: Yes. Some of the O&M management should be credited towards the merger. I think the merger financing itself is around $0.48. If you add the pickup from the acquired jurisdictions, Indiana Electric year-to-date added $0.16, legacy Vectren gas added $0.13, the Infrastructure Services added $0.14, and then some of the O&M management should be credited to the variance. You should compare those moving parts to the merger financing.
Xia Liu: It’s – roughly 75% of the – of our earnings is expected to be from the utilities. Keep in mind, there are several moving parts in there. We had some favorable weather in there, and we also had favorable income tax items that might not necessarily repeat itself. But roughly, the way to think about it is the utility is 75% of the earnings expectations. And that’s based on today’s CEHE regulatory construct. So the outcome…
