Dave Lesar: I want to reemphasize what we consider critical elements as we transform CenterPoint into a premium utility, we believe it can be. We will continue to deliver a sustainable, predictable and consistent 6% to 8% earnings growth year after year. With our industry leading organic customer growth and our disciplined O&M management, we believe we can generate robust CapEx and 10% rate-based growth, while continuing our focus on safety. We also look forward to unveiling our enhanced ESG strategy that will put us as an industry leader for a net zero economy. We will continue to keep our eyes on maintaining and enhancing our balance sheet and credit profile. We have executed on our capital recycling strategy through our announced gas LDC sale at 2.5 times rate base and investing at 1 times rate base. And we will continue to explore opportunities to do more of this. We remain absolutely committed to delivering an economically viable path to minimize the impact of our midstream exposure and eventually eliminate it. And finally, as we work to move towards a fully regulated business model, we continue to stay focused on our utility operations and improving the experience for our customers. I hope you will join us on this path of transitioning CenterPoint into a premium utility. While myself, our team and our employees are only 10 months into this new journey, I could not be more pleased by the momentum we have, what we’ve accomplished in the bright future we see for CenterPoint. What you see is the new CenterPoint, where you can expect consistent and predictable earnings and rate-based growth, world-class operations and growing service territories, and a commitment to delivering on our promises to you, our investors. We sweat the details so you don’t have to.
Dave Lesar: Yes. It’s obviously a great set of options to have, because I think one of the things that sale demonstrated is that clearly the value of our gas LDCs that remained behind are worth more than our share price and I think is reflected today. As I said in my comments, I think we do have an obligation to set a look at that price we got and then look at the overall options we have as an organization. But I think as we said, in our Analyst Day, we have significant capital spend opportunities in our remaining gas LDCs. We like those LDCs. We liked the markets that we’re in. But if we find an opportunity to look at monetizing them, as I indicated, we have an obligation to do so, but we would certainly not do that unless we saw an opportunity to reinvest it back in our business, in our regulated business, something that would have to be accretive to our current 6% to 8% growth rate and really have an impact on the balance sheet. So we’re still sort of digesting the level of interest that was there, the price we got. But I can tell you, it is a great place to be right now.
Dave Lesar: Yes. I mean it’s a – it is a theoretical question. And I think the way to answer it is, first of all, we’re not going to do anything crazy here. We’ve got a great business. The gas LDCs are wonderful businesses to own right now. And I think that we would take a very rational, and I think systematic approach to looking at doing something different. I mean, we clearly, as we’ve signaled, have $1 billion of capital spend on top of the $16 billion we discussed at our Analyst Day. But I always sort of fall back to what is your base strategy. And I said it when I answered the last question, we’re not going to do anything that is not accretive to our 6% to 8% growth rate. So I think that sort of signals the timing that we would want to do. We’re not going to do anything that impacts the fixing up of our balance sheet and getting to the credit metrics that we want. That would signal, I think, the timing. And it has to be consistent with our strategy of becoming more and more regulated. So I think there is a way to thread that needle. But as I said earlier, we’re still digesting the opportunity that has been put in front of us with the price that we got for these LDCs. So give us a chance to digest it, and then we’ll see what – how to take advantage of this great opportunity. It’s either got to show up in the share price or we’ll look at other options.
Dave Lesar: Sure. Now let me just give a bit of an editorial comment. They’re near and dear to my heart and Jason’s heart and everyone else’s heart, in addition to Tom. But I’ll let Jason answer the specific question.
Dave Lesar: Yes. I’ll answer it. I’ll let Jason throw anything on. There were a number of bidders that were right on top of each other. And it was a difficult decision for us. But in the end, we thought Summit was the right answer because of price and certainty of close and all the other things you typically would look at in a transaction, but this was clearly not an outlier.
Dave Lesar: No, I don’t ever want to rely on having to do M&A to drive your business and grow your business. It is a way to grow a business in my view because of the premium you typically have to pay. It’s an inefficient way. And I think that we see sufficient capital spend opportunities out there. While you were asking the question, Jason was smiling and nodding his head, so I will let him answer it from here.
Dave Lesar: Well, I don’t know what the contracts that our peers have looked like. What we’re doing is we’re focusing on the excess gas cost that we incurred because as I said earlier, they’re past due cost for us, and we have an obligation to our customers to make sure that we’re paying for – per the contract, we’re trying to negotiate. We’re trying to do everything audit, all the things that we listed. But we’re doing them really to make sure that we are getting the best outcome for the customers because, as I said, they’re pass-through costs. Jason, I don’t want to – you can add anything into that, but it probably covers it.
Dave Lesar: I can guarantee you it’s not a five or 10-year plan. It’s much more aggressive than that. But I’ll – Jason is going to execute it for us. I’ll let him answer it specifically. But do not even for a second have in your head, it’s five or 10 years.
Dave Lesar: I think we’ve seen probably the largest movement to date. We are continuing to work with a handful of suppliers on what I would consider to be a much more narrow opportunity set. So I wouldn’t look to see probably as significant in a reduction as we reported today, but we’re also at the same time not done with those conversations. As I said, we’ll continue to advocate on behalf of our customers. But I wouldn’t expect it to materially change.
Dave Lesar: Yes. I think – let me again start by answering and throw it to Jason. I think it’s – you got to think of sort of excess capital in two buckets here. One is the $300 million plus that we will get from the gas LDC sales. Since we don’t expect that transaction to close until about the end of the year or thereabouts, that’s really capital we can spend in 2022, which will go into rate base and start impacting earnings in 2023. We, of course, have a lot more optionality around the reinvestment of the O&M savings. And I’ll let Jason give a little color on how we’re thinking about that, where we might spend it, how we might spend it.
Dave Lesar: You sound like you’re sitting in our management committee room as we’re discussing the – all the great opportunities we have in front of us to get ahead of things on the journey toward net zero, but also be able to add to our rate base. And again, I’ll let Jason give the details on what our thinking is there.
Dave Lesar: Well, I think, first of all, it is real. I think if you go back to how we described it at our Analyst Day, I think that is still sort of the operative strategy. One is to deploy the capital efficiently. And with the capital ramp-up we have ongoing, it really is incumbent on us to make sure that we have the internal engineering resources, the project management resources, all of the sort of internal compliance guardrails you want to have around a fast increase in spend. So that when you spend $1, you’re spending it wisely, you’re spending it on behalf of your customer as you put it into your rate base. Second is finding the sort of capital to spend that $1 billion on. The LDC clearly helps there. The O&M savings help there. With sort of the market reaction on the ET sale, with Enable sale to ET, there could be more proceeds there. So I really just want to reiterate something I said earlier, and I hope you’re getting a flavor for it here today is we have great capital spending opportunities in front of us, which is why as we sort of accumulate capital maybe above and beyond what we thought we would have in our Analyst Day. To grow the company, we’re not forced toward doing M&A. We are going to be able to invest it on a onetime investment basis in our business, in our territories and grow and protect and serve our customers here. So as I said a number of times, this is such a great position for us to be in because you throw organic growth on top of all that, that’s going to create additional capital spending opportunities. So that’s why, in my view, we’re really sitting in the catbird seat here in terms of what we can do with this business going forward. Not sure that answered your question, but…
Jason Wells: Thanks, Dave. And good morning, Insoo. I would say, the – obviously, the legislature here in Texas has a number of priorities in front of it right now. But we continue to remain optimistic that the securitization bill for gas cost recovery will be signed into law. At the end of the day, it’s probably the most constructive outcome for all stakeholders, minimizes or reduces the bill impact for customers by spreading the recovery out over a much longer period of time. And it helps keep the debt off the balance sheet of the gas LDCs. And I think the constructive nature of this tool is sort of well understood by all. And while we’ve remain optimistic that it will be signed into law to your point, it is important to note that the Texas railroad commission has been very constructive signaling that the gas LDCs will be eligible to recovery – sorry, will be eligible to recover carrying costs. As we look to probably recover these costs over about a three-year period of time again in the event that the securitization bill is not signed into law, but we remain optimistic as I mentioned. As an aside, Dave and I will be joining Jason Ryan and our team there in Austin and a little over a week to meet with the new PUC commissioners, the railroad commission and other legislatures to continue to make sure that CenterPoint is supporting the state’s objectives. And as I said, I think we remain optimistic that this bill will be signed into law here at this legislative session.
Jason Wells: Obviously, we’re incredibly pleased with the continued performance of the O&M discipline here. The team has really embraced continuous improvement delivered well last year, and that’s carrying through our first quarter results. In terms of the enhanced capitalization that’s referenced on the slide, I think that’s sort of a natural byproduct of the increase in our capital investment plan that we announced as part of the Analyst Day presentation where we signaled $3 billion of incremental capital over the five-year plan. Effectively, that gives us the opportunity to allocate more overhead to capital than expense just given sort of the ratio of capital to O&M. And so I wouldn’t fundamentally see that category significantly changing. It might modestly change as we fold some of the capital investment opportunities that Dave has been alluding to in. But where our focus really is beginning to look at the execution of our core work really driving first-time quality. And I think that’s where we’ll see beginning of the material opportunities in front of us from a continuous improvement standpoint.
Jason Wells: Yes. Thanks, Dave. Obviously, we’re pleased with the organic growth opportunities that are present here. We’ve talked a lot about this $1 billion of incremental capital that we have, but there are, to your point, Steve, other opportunities that may materialize, and as I think the state of Texas here looks at different ways to minimize the risk of a future winter storm. There’s been a lot of focus on grid resiliency, things like introducing economic criteria for building incremental electric transmission lines, things like making sure that there’s greater levels of grid control in the event that there are outages and helping minimize the impact of extended outages to communities. I think to the extent that those bills are passed by the state legislature and signed into law, I think that, that could create incremental capital opportunity for us to redeploy in. And then we continue to look at the coal transition in Indiana as a possibility for owning incremental amounts of renewables as opposed to securing that transition through a power purchase agreement. So I think on top of the $1 billion that we’ve been discussing, we do have the potential for increased capital deployment opportunities.
Jason Wells: Yes. We were pleased with that recent letter by the director there, the Indiana Commission. The – effectively, we had received some feedback on our original integrated resource plan that had asked us to consider sort of more diversity of fuel sources, sort of more clarity on anticipated electric demand, proposing a smaller percentage of natural gas-fired facilities. And we incorporated that feedback earlier this year, as we mentioned, filed it into the director’s report that you’re alluding to, I think, acknowledged the clear progress that we have made and being responsive both to the commission feedback as well as the broader community and customer feedback in Indiana. And so I think it’s reflective of the fact that we feel that there is strong support for the coal transition plan that we have outlined previously.
Jason Wells: I think it’s definitely contract specific. And as you can imagine, many of the suppliers allege throughout the event force majeure clauses. We challenged some of those. I think also some of the gas suppliers recognize the impact that this storm has had on sort of the broader communities we have the impact to serve. And so I think it was a collective effort of – as we’ve talked about, sort of challenging some of maybe the contractual provisions, how that – how the contract was interpreted as well as sort of working to find a constructive solution, again, for all stakeholders. And I think that we’re happy with the progress we’ve made, and we’ll continue to advocate on behalf of our customers.
Jason Wells: Our strategy is to eliminate our exposure to midstream once the Energy Transfer, Enable merger closes. And we’re still not providing a direct time line. We want to be disciplined and efficient – maximize the proceeds from the disposition. But we will aggressively eliminate our exposure to midstream once the deal closes.
Jason Wells: Yes. I think it’s important to maybe take a quick step back to O&M. I mean, I think we feel like there’s a privilege – we have a privilege to serve some of the most premium jurisdictions here in the U.S. And we have the privilege to have industry-leading rate base growth, top of the industry earnings growth. That said, as we think about a premium valuation for the company, we think that really materializes with consistent delivery on our earnings. And so in years where we maybe accelerate some of the continuous improvement opportunities or we had better-than-expected weather. We will look to reinvest some of that savings back into the business for the benefit of our customers. We think long-term that creates the best possible service for our customers and the path to a premium utility valuation. And so as we make progress on O&M and if we are doing better than expected, we will likely, as I said, reinvest that back in the business. As Dave mentioned, the capital investment opportunities, I really think about that as sort of more of a 2023 earnings impact, just given the time period between executing that capital and then putting it into rates for recovery. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of sense of how we’re thinking about the O&M and capital opportunity progress.
Jason Wells: Yes. I think on the gas side, we’re really fortunate to work in very constructive jurisdictions. We’ve highlighted our green hydrogen pilot up in Minnesota, the work that we’ve done on the renewable natural gas tariff. We clearly see that as a start to what is a long-term focus. We are actively working to develop the next round of pilot projects, to make sure that we can efficiently generate the hydrogen we can – that our system responds well to that introduction. We are working with suppliers on the RNG front, and I think the learnings that we have in Minnesota are certainly experiences that we can utilize more broadly in our gas footprint. And so I think that there is certainly more to come with respect to RNG and green hydrogen for the company. And as you said, we are incredibly excited about the opportunity to play a role in the electrification of the transportation sector. Thinking about here in Houston, it’s obviously the fourth largest city in the U.S., but it is a very commuter-focused city. And so we see the opportunity to help with the build-out of distributed charging networks that will help with the conversion of electric vehicles here in Houston and, for that matter, hopefully up in Evansville. And so I don’t see these as materially changing kind of our rate base profile in the next couple of years, but the work that we’re doing to gain experience, understanding and the support of the regulators, I think, will help support the long-term CapEx plan for the company. So there’s certainly a lot more to come on these two fronts.
Jason Wells: I appreciate the question about time. And I think what’s important to note is the company really embarked on a focus of continuous improvement, starting with the second quarter last year. And as you can imagine, it was sort of ramping up into sort of building that muscle over the course of the year. And so from a quarter-over-quarter standpoint, we probably are seeing the largest variance here in the first quarter. And that will likely reduce each subsequent quarter as we kind of build into what was sort of the ongoing run rate at the end of 2020. So again, this is probably the largest variance you’ll see this year. And then as I’ve mentioned a couple of times here, to the extent that we continue to make incremental progress, I think it’s a really good opportunity to reinvest that savings in the business for the benefit of our customers, and we will look to do so.
Jason Wells: Thanks, Jeremy. One of the things that Dave and I take a look at when we joined was the fact that on a relative basis, we were paying higher taxes than a number of our peers. And I think what has become obvious as we’ve dug into the situation is we have not necessarily availed ourselves of all of the, what I would say, to be common utility deductions. So one classic example would be tax repairs where you have the opportunity to essentially expense or deduct immediately some investments that otherwise would have historically been capitalized. I don’t think we are fully taking advantage of that. We are currently in the process of conducting our study to support what would be a higher level of deductions. I’m confident it will result in an increase in available tax deductions for the company, not yet at the point where we’re ready to quantify it as the study is not complete. But again, just given the progress that we’ve made, we’re confident that, that will meaningfully help reduce some of the tax burden that you mentioned from the ET sales. And so we will likely provide a more fulsome update on that opportunity on future earnings calls this year.
