David McClanahan: Carl, we continued to be in very active discussions with a number of producers and this is around projects in our footprint: Haynesville, Fayetteville, Woodford. But it's also around projects outside our footprint, in particular, the Eagle Ford. But we don't expect that the Eagle Ford discussions are near-term decisions. They're sometime later this year, but we're actively looking at it. I would say they're probably more active today than they were three months ago because it's getting closer to a decision point. But there haven't been any official RFPs put out on the -- by the producers we're talking to. So I think they're very active discussions, but I think we probably, before midyear, we'll know if we're going to have any real expansion opportunities outside our footprint.
David McClanahan: Let me give you a little bit of color around this. As you know, I've told you in the past that we believe our retail business produces operating income in the $30 million to $35 million range. And our wholesale business, in the past, has added operating income above that. We clearly didn't make any money. We, in fact, lost some money in the wholesale business in 2010. Now part of the reason, I believe we're going to do better is, some of the pipeline capacity that we have under contract terminates this year. And so we're not going to have to try to find ways to offset that fixed expense. It's just going to go away, but we're also taking a much different approach to that business. Our goal is to make sure we fully realize the retail businesses' profitability in our CenterPoint earnings and not have the wholesale business, at least in the near term where basis and seasonal price differentials are really small, impact the overall profitability of the company. So we're working hard to make the wholesale business at least breakeven, but hopefully we'll be able to produce a profit and then we'll be able to fully realized our retail business, which is really why we're in this business. We're in it to sell gas to commercial and industrial customers. We have a lot of pipeline capacity, about a Bcf scattered across the country and 10 or 11 Bcf at storage, which we use primarily to serve our retail customers. But we are able to optimize around that. And in the past, some years, we made $30 million, $40 million, $50 million on that. Those days are probably gone at least for the foreseeable future with all the pipeline capacity that's been built, the new reserves and all the storage that's coming in. You never know, there's always disruptions, as you know, weather, hurricanes, something happens that you stand ready to be opportunistic. But our base plan is not based on that. It's to, let's make sure we get the full retail business reflected in earnings and then make sure wholesale is at least breakeven.
David McClanahan: I noted that in my comments, Ali. On an annualized basis, the operating income impact is $25 million to $30 million. In 2011, we're thinking it’s close to $20 million because that will not be implemented until the second quarter. And this is a reduction in operating income. Now it has very little -- as a matter-of-fact, it has a slight increase in cash flow. But the operating income impact is negative.
David McClanahan: That's a good question. I don't have that at my fingertips. Let me tell you where we were and this is a roundabout way of getting to it. In 2009, if you use the same rate base methodology that the commission used in our case, i.e. reducing rate base by our uncertain tax positions, we would have earned about 10.5% on equity. That's pretty close to where we're going to be in 2010. I haven't done the actual calculations, but it'd be about 10.5% and of course they are now saying that we ought to be earning 10%. And that difference between 10% and 10.5% is about $15 million of revenue gone.
David McClanahan: We will -- I hesitate a little bit because we do have this consolidated tax adjustment that the commission made and it's a $10 million adjustment and it's the cut for tax savings in our other subsidiaries, which really don't flow into Houston Electric. So we have to overcome that $10 million reduction to make our full rate of return. Now we're going to work hard to do that, but I can assure you that will happen.
David McClanahan: It's certainly in this year. It could be perhaps in late 2012, but I don't -- I can't answer that probably the way you'd like for me to because we hadn't really made that decision yet. I will say this. What we're really working on with both the commission and the legislature is a distribution cost recovery factor, which would allow us to make periodic rate changes without a full rate case. Take this regulatory lag out from all the capital we're spending and absent the AMS investment, we're still spending $400-plus million a year. And that has a regulatory impact. So our focus is to try to get this distribution cost recovery factor, give the commission the authority to do it. They took this rule up late last year and decided to not go forward with it until the legislature took a look at it. But that's our focus today as opposed to filing a full rate case to see if we can't get that done in this legislative session.
David McClanahan: The contract, the backhaul contract and the -- and we have some additional capacity that was added as we've put some compression in which was about $100 million that we can get on a forward-haul basis. That had about a $20 million impact on our revenues. Really the -- not having to do with ancillary services, that's on a go-forward basis.
David McClanahan: It is. That's the negative impact, but we're working to offset that. That's kind of what it would look like if we just let it go and not try to offset that. We are trying to both line up additional backhaul contracts, which helps us from a fuel efficiency standpoint as well, as well as we have some capacity on a forward-haul basis we're trying to sell, too. So we're trying to offset that $20 million. To date, we haven't fully been able to do it, but that's the goal of our team, is to make a big dent in that.
David McClanahan: Not really. The only other ones we have are like on Line CP. We had our initial contracts probably start rolling off in 2015 or 2016. But those were market-based contracts when we signed them, and I don't think they're the same nature as this backhaul agreement. This was a very unique contract at the time and so I don't think we have anything of this nature that's going to be expiring over the next few years.
David McClanahan: I don't think that they are out of -- Greg, maybe you ought to answer that instead of me trying to fumble it around here.
David McClanahan: The commission had a long discussion about this adjustment and whether you should gross it up for taxes. And at the end of the day, they said, let's not gross this up for taxes, but let's have a workshop to fully discuss this adjustment and the tax gross up provision of it. And they'll have that sometime I think this year. If it may lead, it could lead to a rule making. Certainly, we'll be active participants in it. We've disagreed with that provision from the start. It's -- the commission has used it since the mid- to late 90s, and we just fundamentally disagree that you ought to have that kind of adjustment on a stand-alone case.
