Scott Prochazka: Yes, we do assume merger synergies in '19 as well as, obviously, we have cause to achieve those. But we -- to answer your question specifically, we do assume the synergies are in there.
Scott Prochazka: We have taken action to get after a fair amount of that. We haven't disclosed the actual amount for 2019. But we have already gone forward with the reductions in workforce, which is a significant component of that.
Scott Prochazka: So Ali, we are assuming that we remain invested in Enable. I will say that we are not assuming that Enable performs at the terms of growth at the same level that our utilities will. We've taken a more conservative view of that. To your question about the growth of our utilities, the growth of our utilities will be a slight reduction off of the growth in rate base over that period due to regulatory lag.
Scott Prochazka: I'm sorry, I misunderstood your question. As far as the competitive segments, we do assume that they're growing but not at the rate of our utilities.
Scott Prochazka: Well Julien, I think of the 2020 view that we provided, I think, is very much in line with what we had shared before. As you know, we've tightened up the range versus what we were looking at before as we understand more the pieces. As far as the growth rate, this is the first time we've provided kind of growth up for that five year period, and it's really driven by the visibility around the growth in our utilities.
Scott Prochazka: So we've not provided what that number looks like. What we have said though is within the forecasted range of our EPS for that year, we have included a range of possibilities. The reason we haven't provided, we just don't have visibility. We have much more visibility at this point to what the synergies or the cost efficiencies will be. In terms of the primary contributors towards cost to achieve at that point. It will be systems related, and we are just going through the exercise now of refining what that looks like. So we have a range in our minds. We weren't prepared to provide it, but those numbers are going to be primarily system-related costs, and they're inclusive in the earnings range we gave.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. So we had assumed a 5% to 7% growth rate for a -- and discussed a shorter window for it. We've now made the window longer with the visibility around the merged business. We are still in the range, but to your point, following the merger, believe we have moved upward in the range or that we have strengthened our potential performance within that range, but we are still in that range.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. So Insoo, I appreciate your question here. This maybe another calls we're really getting at. If you look at the new range versus the old range, the most significant driver for the decrease on the upper end would be changes around the midstream segment. The forecast provided earlier were at a time when commodity prices were different than they were today. So as we thought about the range of opportunities, that included a larger range of commodity -- or a larger commodity range as it would impact the Enable performance. So by reviewing today's commodity environment and taking a little bit more conservative look given the commodity prices, that's been the primary driver of the reduction of the upper range. We've also, since that time, updated our capital spending for the five year period and have been able to refine a little bit the timing around some of the recovery. But the majority of the impact is related with Enable.
Scott Prochazka: Sure, Jonathan. Thank you for the question because it's a good point. Since we're talking about 2020, our disclosure reflects the fact that we believe the majority of the synergies in 2020 are going to be cost-related or O&M related. We still have expectations that there will be commercial synergies. We just believe they're going to develop more fully in the years following 2020.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. I would say that the way we intended to represent the 50 to 100 was that the primary of that would be efficiencies or cost savings, and that there would be some component that was revenue synergy or commercial synergies. Those numbers were an estimate early on. And as we've gotten further into this and we realize that timing, I think we've got more clarity around the cost side of things, which gives us confidence in how we talk about it in 2020, and we have expectations for the commercial side, but we now know the development of that will primarily occur after 2020.
Scott Prochazka: That activity is underway as we speak. We do not have a replacement announced, but we're actively working that process. And I hate to give timelines when we're in environments like this, but let's just say it's being actively worked, and we hope to have his replacement on in the near future.
Scott Prochazka: I think that's a fair representation. We're excited by the plan. We have, as you've seen, we have a robust capital deployment plan for these service territories, and we're excited about it. So I think that's a safe summary.
Scott Prochazka: I think there will be some accelerated or maybe some enhanced lag in '19 for the reasons that we talked about or Bill talked about. But I think on an ongoing basis, given all the jurisdictions and the various rate mechanisms and the need for occasional rate proceedings, there will always be some element of lag such that our earnings growth will kind of consistently lag behind the 8% rate base growth. But it continues to be our objective, just to push towards and achieve, if not, get very close to our allowed returns in our jurisdictions.
Scott Prochazka: No. In fact, we believe VISCO is doing well. As we go forward and we begin to talk about the segments starting in Q1, we will begin to provide some more information as to how well that segment's doing. But traditionally, there -- one of the metrics has been backlog, and their backlog is doing very well at the moment.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. So that project is now fully baked into the plan. We -- as you say, tied down, we don't have it completely tied down. We had an estimate of what it looks like. The actual amount will be the outcome of the proceeding with the commission because it involves -- it will involve decisions around routing and around some of the infrastructure decisions being made. So there is a range that's in there. What we tend to provide and look at when we provide this data will be kind of midpoint of range, and it spans across, primarily, '21 -- '20, '21 and '22, with '21 being obviously the most significant year.
Scott Prochazka: Is he saying it correctly? Andy, could you repeat that? I think it faded a little bit -- your voice faded.
Scott Prochazka: We've not specified what that specific amount is. I' commented earlier that, thematically, the majority of it will be system-related, and we're not far enough along with the analysis post-merger to know exactly what that looks like in that year. So we've made some estimates on a range, and we've made that inclusive in our thinking about earnings, but we've not specified what we think that cost to achieve is in that year.
Scott Prochazka: Again, the way I would answer that is to your point, we just acquired them. They just came in as part of the merger. As we were looking at those businesses coming in, while they're different than the utility business, they have some utility-like characteristics, which we were comfortable with. We do think there is growth opportunity in those businesses, so I would say our strategic direction is to own and operate and grow those businesses, and that's -- I mean, that's where we stand at the moment.
William Rogers: Yes. FFO-to-debt is in -- we target 13% to 16%, and we are comfortably in that range, and therefore, as we've said in the past, we don't foresee any need to raise equity in either 2019 or 2020.
William Rogers: Insoo, what we've said is that we don't anticipate issuing equity in 2019 or 2020. We have also stated that we will look for opportunities over the forecast horizon to sell some Enable units in order to fund our capital investment.
William Rogers: Aga, this is Bill. Scott, shared one line in the last question, just putting it another way, within the 5% to 7%, the largest unknown is the contribution of earnings from the midstream segment. So what could drive us to the higher end would be a strengthening in commodity prices environment, translating to greater volumes in our midstream segment and, therefore, earnings contribution.
William Rogers: We have only provided what Enable has provided in their earnings call, and that's their 2019 guidance. We do take a look at their forecast and take a view against that with respect to commodity prices, but we are not going to forecast Enable's net income or other finance metrics beyond 2019.
William Rogers: Yes. We have provided -- I believe we provided that but it's not -- you should consider the average shares outstanding to be 500 million in 2019, and that will be less than the share count of 505 million because we closed the merger on February 1, so we're taking out 1/12 of the new shares. And then moving to 505 million to 506 million into 2020.
William Rogers: Our forecast, Andy, is in 2019. And we recognize Enable's midpoint taken from what they have disclosed as below their 2018 contribution. Beyond that, we have not disclosed our forecast, but it does include a range of scenarios, and that's why the growth rate of 5% to 7%.
William Rogers: Andy, one way to think about that is really the 2017 and '18, and they invested approximately for $50 million in capital in the infrastructure businesses.
