Scott Prochazka: Yes, the way we look at this is, we look at opportunities for revenue synergies between our unregulated businesses. They have customer list, which can benefit the combined new business mix, so that creates revenue opportunities. We have with any corporate public merger of this size, you obviously have opportunities for streamlining and efficiencies. And if you look at just the number that we put in here as a place order of $50 million to $100 million of pre-tax, that’s a fairly small number compare to the revenue elements of the unregulated businesses as well as the combined O&M budget of the two companies. So, we think this is very achievable.
Scott Prochazka: That’s right. Subsequent to the merger on a forward-looking basis, we see 15% FFO to debt as calculated by the rating agencies, and that should gradually improve overtime.
Scott Prochazka: So Greg, I think to your point, it's a mix of revenue opportunities as well as efficiencies from combining two businesses. So it's both of those pieces, but the piece you're asking about specifically is the opportunities associated with these unregulated businesses. They have a -- Vectren has an infrastructure business that works with utilities from around the country. They're in over 30 states. We have a gas business that also interfaces with similar types of LDCs as well as other companies across similar number of states, but not exactly the same states. The ability to bring in services to the utility that's both infrastructure and gas sales oriented is presented by the combination of these businesses. Further when infrastructure, the infrastructure business goes into do work for replacement of pipelines, sometimes, there is need for continuation of service to customers. We have a group within our Energy Services space that continued -- that can continue to provide gas service while that repair or replacement work has being done, so we could combine opportunities in that regard as well. Those are just a couple of examples.
Scott Prochazka: Well, as you know Enable only gives guidance for the year. So, we've incorporated a range of possible outcomes for Enable beyond the current year, as we think about this growth rate. You are correct though that if we were to hit the high end and you did the math, the growth rate would actually be higher than the 5% to 7%. What we were trying to illustrate is that, with respect to our current guidance of 5% to 7% per year growth for the next 2 years, this merger creates the opportunity for us to be accretive to that.
Scott Prochazka: Ali, the way we look at it is we look at it is opportunity presented by some variability so we think is more normal and natural in the market. So to that end, as we think about the projection we’ve provided for this year. We look at the business as being able to outperform that next year.
Scott Prochazka: This is Scott. Let me try to clarify that a little bit. A component of why the business did better was related to somewhat we think is some more normal volatility. The majority of the improved performance was what I would consider base business that has to do with the addition of customers and improvements in margin. And that is the result of effectively integrating the two acquisitions we've made the most recent one having been, AEM. So, that's what the primary driver of the improvement which we think is sustainable going forward. There was an element in here though that was caused by some weather related volatility that we were able to take advantage of.
Scott Prochazka: Yes, I think it's possible that there will be. In fact we would expect to see a more benefit in the out years. We were just providing a picture of what it would look like we were to accomplish two levels either 50 total benefit or $100 million in total pretax benefit.
Scott Prochazka: No, our views about Enable are consistent with how we've been showing them in the past. We think that Enable is well positioned. They're performing well in their space. You saw their call and their operations. We just said that if we see constructive markets and an opportunity to redeploy some proceeds from a sale into a constructive market that we would consider doing so. But we still very positive on Enable's performance, our view to reduce exposure is simply about reducing exposure to the midstream space.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. Steve, you’re absolutely right. It’s about finding the right opportunity in which to reduce our exposure. It’s not about a need to have to sell our position down. My comments about being undervalued, I think our, certainly with respect to Enable, if you look at their performance. So I think, unfortunately, I think the whole sector is suffering similar pressure as Enable at the moment, that’s just a lack of the constructive market and the ability to track investors at the moment. So in my comments are about both Enable and the industry and I just want to reiterate that as we look for opportunities to reduce our ownership, we need to be very thoughtful about and do so on a coordinated fashion with Enable. So we don’t have a negative impact on Enable.
Scott Prochazka: It does have ancillary benefit. I think we show that on one of the slides. And I even think referenced it in one of my comments.
Scott Prochazka: Yes, we’re not far enough along to be able to do that. What we attempted to do here was put in some numbers that are very reasonable and very achievable. The exact mix between all of that is yet really to be determined.
Scott Prochazka: It’s partially correct, Charles. And that the, if it’s associated with the regulated businesses, that’s going to be for the benefit of those customers. But it is not captured in the first 2 lines, which forecast CenterPoint and Vectren’s net income.
Bill Rogers: Ali, all I can say on the timing is, in advance of closing the acquisition and respect to the forms of equity, as I said in my prepared remarks and as is disclosed on the slide, common equity and consideration of other high equity content security such as mandatory convertibles.
Bill Rogers: Josephine, good morning, it’s Bill. We discuss in our call in February that due to our increase in rate base investment, we should think about more equity in our capital structure and our view would be that could be provided by sales of Enable units in 2019 and 2020. For the purposes of the model that you have in front of you and this presentation we just assume that’s common equity.
Bill Rogers: Steve, just, I’ll just add one additional comment. Remember, the corporate cost savings or corporate G&A that we might have that gets spread across all of our unregulated and regulated businesses. So we’ll be keeping a good percentage of those savings.
Bill Rogers: Right, so the -- I'll begin with the first part of the question. Internally, we have allocated 3 to 4 times EBITDA as the debt to that entity. And the EBITDA is simply the distributions to CenterPoint which were $297 million in 2017. So, we will be working with the lending company as to what's the right amount of debt to those distributions can support. You're also correct and that we will be paying down some debt at CERC to get to the 52% 48% equity debt element, and that we have at this point in time a higher dollar amount of fixed rate debt relative to the rate base. So, we'll be looking look at various ways to do that and liability management structures.
Bill Rogers: Lasan, good morning, it's Bill. We did review an external spend as part of our strategic work on our Enable investment and we close that out in the middle of last year. The statements we made at that time remained true today. If that respond as a separate public entity, we did not want to put so much debt on that entity as it would be -- and its ability to service that debt or its ability to look forward for other opportunities. And with the limited amount of debt that we could put on that SpinCo, we would have too much remaining debt at CenterPoint. So, we terminated our discussions and our thinking on that for that reason, and that it remains true today.
Steve Fleishman: Wanted to follow up on that same question. So Scott, you've said in your remarks that Enable is --- do you think Enable is undervalued based on the latest number they've provided? And I guess arguably one of the main reasons the stock hasn't done as well is because everyone knows CenterPoint may sell overtime. So I guess question here is, how do you kind of stock that feedback loop? And easier communication little bit different from the standpoint that, you're not necessarily -- it does require constructive markets to sell Enable, you’re not just going to do it because it’s strategically, you want to shrink the exposure.
Steve Fleishman: And I guess one could argue where having that trend would further diversify our mix without having, you’re having do selling the Enable for a while to. But…
Steve Fleishman: So these synergies that you're showing there, that will include, that will only include the synergies you would expect to keep.
