Carla A. Kneipp: Thank you, Carmen. Good morning, everyone. Welcome to our fourth quarter 2014 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. Scott Prochazka, President and CEO; Tracy Bridge, Executive Vice President and President of our Electric Division; Joe McGoldrick, Executive Vice President and President of our Gas Division; and Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and CFO, will discuss our fourth quarter 2014 results and provide highlights on other key areas. We also have with us our new incoming CFO, Bill Rogers, and other members of management present who may assist in answering questions following the prepared remarks. Please note that we may announce material information using SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls, webcasts and posts to the Investors section of our website. In the future, we will continue to use these channels to communicate important information about the company, key personnel, corporate initiatives, regulatory updates and other matters. Information that we post on our website could be deemed material. Therefore, we encourage investors, the media, our customers, business partners, and others interested in our company to review the information we post on our website. Today, management is going to discuss certain topics that will contain projections and forward-looking information that are based on management's beliefs as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to management. These forward-looking statements suggest predictions or expectations and thus are subject to risks or uncertainties. Actual results could differ materially based upon factors, including weather variations, legislative and regulatory actions, timing and extent of changes in commodity prices, growth or decline in our service territories and other risk factors noted in our SEC filings. With the formation of Enable Midstream Partners, the way we present our financial results have changed. As a result, we will refer to our equity investment in Enable as Midstream Investments and to the remainder of our businesses as Utility Operations. We will also discuss our guidance for 2015. The Utility Operations guidance range considers performance to date and certain significant variables that may impact earnings such as weather, regulatory, and judicial proceedings, volumes, commodity prices, ancillary services, tax rate, interest rate and financing activity. In providing this guidance, the company does not include other potential impacts, such as the impact of any changes in accounting standards, any impact to earnings from the change in the value of ZENS securities and the related stock or the timing effects of mark-to-market and inventory accounting in the company's energy services business. In providing Midstream Investments' guidance, the company takes into account such factors as Enable's most recent public forecast, effective tax rate, the amortization of our basis differential in Enable and other factors. The company does not include other potential impact such as the impacts of any changes in accounting standards for Enable's unusual items. For the reconciliation of the earnings guidance provided in today's call, please refer to our earnings press release, which along with our Form 10-K, updated debt maturity and equity return amortization schedule and year-end supplemental materials have been posted on our website, centerpointenergy.com underneath the Investor section. Before Scott begins, I'd like to mention that a replay of this call will be available through Thursday, March 5. To access the replay, please call (855) 859-2056 or (404) 537-3406 and enter the conference ID number 61569448. You can also listen to an online replay on our website and we will archive the call for at least 1 year. And with that, I'll now turn the call over to Scott.
Carla A. Kneipp: Matt, this is Carla. You may have seen it but all those numbers Scott just went is on Page 4 of the supplemental material.
Carla A. Kneipp: Carmen, with that we're going to go ahead and end the call. Thank you, everyone, for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. We will now conclude our fourth quarter and year-end 2014 earnings call. And have a nice day.
Scott M. Prochazka: Andrew, this is Scott. I think what's going on -- you mentioned the '15 through '18 forecast. The new numbers we gave are '15 through '19. So the extra amount of CapEx you're looking at probably comes from the addition of '19.
Scott M. Prochazka: Well, because you had mentioned earlier that it was '15 through '18, because we were comparing at that time a revision of how the increase would be from '15 through '18, and we showed upside opportunity for those years and then we've now layered in '19 if I've looked -- I've corrected.
Scott M. Prochazka: The increase from the -- the way to think of this is the increase from the Analyst Day is in the neighborhood of $1.2 billion.
Scott M. Prochazka: But we'll, we can work -- we'll have -- we'll double check this and we can deal with this after the call to make sure you're clear on it.
Scott M. Prochazka: Andrew, that is -- you understand the rule correctly. We cannot file the DCRF unless our ROE, earned ROE, is below our authorized. So we have not yet filed what that is, it's based on '14's numbers. We'll be filing that shortly but it's safe to assume that it is below our authorized rate of 10%, and it's based on what we earned in 2014.
Scott M. Prochazka: Yes, Matt, I'll take a stab at this first and others may weigh in here, if need be. When we showed you consolidated utility CapEx in June, we showed a 2014 to '18 number of $6.2 billion on the low end and then $7.4 billion was the upside number we had shown. We've now redone our full 5-year capital plan to include '15 through '19 and that '15 through '19 number, which drops '14 adds '19 is now $7.4 billion. So that number, that new 5-year number is now at the top end of the range. So hopefully, that clarifies the capital piece, if Andrew's still listening, that may provide a little more clarity for him as well. You then asked about the growth in rate base. We had said that the rate base growth for the utilities would be, depending on which one you were looking at, somewhere around 7% to 10% or 8% to 10%. And then on the electric one, the new forecast, is it's at the higher end of that range, we describe it now at 8% to 10%. The gas utility rate base is still in that same range, it still falls in that same range. And what we had indicated around our earnings growth is that at the high end of this investment, we would be moving towards the top end or the higher end of our earnings growth range. We did not have a different earnings growth range number. We just said we would be striving towards the higher end. The dynamic that affects this growth rate on our earnings is -- there's a few of them. One is, that I think you told, we mentioned to you all, we have some high starting points for some of our utilities, either fully earning or in some cases, they were slightly above allowed returns and that affects the starting point of these -- of this growth rate. There certainly is a fair amount of regulatory lag, even though we have these mechanisms, since the time period is so short if you're investing all this capital, by the time you get to year 5, you've essentially financed all this capital but you don't have a good amount of that capital yet in rate base earning. Said another way, if you were to taper off capital or if capital were to taper off towards the end the earnings would improve, but you would be paying for that through reductions and earnings down the road because your capital investment had slowed down, so that is a factor. And then, the other factor is that over this period of time, there are some assumptions for some amount of equity issuance so that we maintain the right balance between debt and equity. So all 3 of those factors lead into the fact that the rate base growth is more than what we experienced on our earnings growth.
Scott M. Prochazka: And Matt, this is Scott. It's probably also worth noting, as Gary talked about the baselining of our 2014 earnings to $0.70 and then, the midpoint of our new range suggesting a 4% -- a little over 4% increase in earnings expected from '15 -- from '14 to '15. It's probably worth noting too, a year ago when we gave guidance at our first -- our fourth quarter call, which had been our first call last year, in '14, we gave guidance for the utility at $0.68 to $0.72. And at that point, it was based on expecting normal things to occur throughout the year, given what we had. So that re-baselining goes back to essentially the guidance that we provided at the start of last year, and then, of course, as we went through the year, as we do each year, we will adjust guidance based on what we've actually experienced as well as leaving the range in tact to account for additional variabilities throughout the year.
Scott M. Prochazka: Yes, that's correct. We are -- yes, Ali, that's correct. We are targeting the high end of that range and as we've told you in the past because of these factors that we had -- I had shared earlier that the growth rate towards the front end of this cycle was going to be less than what we would see in the middle or towards the end of the cycle.
Scott M. Prochazka: Yes, Ali, I think that's a fair question. I mean we are thinking about how can we -- what can we do to manage the growth that we experienced. And there is some volatility, it's not -- it's a little more volatile than maybe other utility stocks but it's nowhere near the volatility of what Enable is experiencing. We still believe there's tremendous value in offering the baseload of our utility performance, which has steady, I'll call it, more predictable growth with the upside potential growth that we get from Enable. We think that's a unique and valuable value proposition. And we're going to continue to manage the information they give along -- about their projections of where they're headed financially, with our policy of making sure that we're thoughtful about how we increase dividends. I mean we want to increase these dividends in a steady -- I'll describe them as a steady methodical way, but have it ultimately reflect the value contribution that we get from Enable.
Scott M. Prochazka: Yes, I think that's a reasonable way to look at it. We've just increased our capital spend, as you've seen here in this plan, to get at that. I think we've mentioned in the past, M&A is not a core part of our strategy, it's something that we consider on an opportunistic basis, and we will do something if it meets the criteria that we've set out before. But our primary objective here is to grow these utilities with all the organic opportunity we have in front of us. And to the extent that other opportunities come along in the utility space that meet those criteria, I think, it would provide a little bit of the benefit that you just described.
Gary L. Whitlock: Sure. Yes, on Enable distributions, as you know Steve, the tax rates start lower and I'm really talking about from '15 forward. So they moved from '15 -- and average is 25% over a period of next number of years and through -- up to 2018. So they average 25% but they move from 15% to 32% over that time, and as you know, it's an important point. As you think about our dividend which, as you know, we increased this year by 4.2%, if you annualized that dividend, 19% since we formed Enable. Certainly, when we were at the Analyst Day we laid out an 8% to 10% growth rate in the dividend. Now we're subsequent to that, as you know, there's been somewhat precipitous fall in commodity prices and challenges there. And Enable then -- that was based, by the way, on Enable's growth rate of 10% to 12%, they've lowered that, they provided 1-year guidance, as you know, and moved that down to more of a per-unit distribution growth rate of 3% to 7%, still solid. But as we -- we will continue to get increasing cash distributions from Enable but the tax rate goes up as well. So again, their rate of growth is not as much and then the tax -- our tax rate that we had originally anticipated to be more lower teens during this timeframe, but it looks like it's going to average 25%.
Gary L. Whitlock: So we're not -- yes, that's it Steven. It was -- we've moved it up there and that's what I was trying to disclose to you.
Gary L. Whitlock: And as you know, what we're doing in our dividend, the way we think about it, as you know, the elements or the Enable growth rate and distributions, tax -- tax those, I mean, you'll have to tax those, understand the tax cash implication and then our utility earnings by growth. So we have to take those into consideration and, of course, to be in a position that we want to continuously grow our dividend, we'll have to be very thoughtful about the dividend increase. But still very proud of 4.2%. Enable's going to continue to grow, they'll execute their business plans, we'll have cash distribution from them and it will grow our utility and provide dividends from our utility as well. But you're absolutely right. 20 -- so think more of average of 25% in terms of the tax rate. Post 2018 we're not ready to provide the guidance on that yet, because we're still doing work on that. But it would continue to go up not down.
Gary L. Whitlock: It ramps up. Yes. And those things -- just to caution you, those things are subject to some change. Those are complex calculations based on basis and tax basis and those things. But I think the new news is giving you a little higher tax rate, hope it gives you more color as we thought about the dividend.
Gary L. Whitlock: Yes. I think that's a fair comment. Yes. It was a thought -- that is a thoughtful way to consider it. Look, we -- in terms of a 8% to 10% -- I mean, by the way, when they -- we were at 8% to 10%, we knew the growth rate was -- I mean, the interest rate -- I mean, the tax rate was going to be going up. It moved some, it's not -- it's certainly manageable. The real driver on the dividend not being 8% to 10% growth rate really relates to Enable. And look, it's a very -- as Scott laid out and we laid out, it's a great company, solid investment, great balance sheet, excellent prospects to continue to grow and will grow. But we have -- our dividend, we want to be in a position to continue to grow the dividend thoughtfully. And the board, and Scott, and management team felt that 4.2% was a right place to land and then as Enable -- if we have more visibility, Enable continues to grow, we have more line of sight, then the board will take a thoughtful decision on the increase in the dividend.
Gary L. Whitlock: It's combination of those factors, obviously, for this call it's -- there's a lot of detail behind it, but it's a number of those factors in terms of clearly, we know our basis going in, and the MLP structure in those distributions that's exactly it, Carl, there's complications around that, and as they're becoming more clear to us it is going to be higher rate. Look, we're still delighted, it's a low-cash tax rate early but it does ramp up, and overtime, we're no different than any other taxpayer, we won't have these remedials and those things that allow you to have a lower tax rate earlier. But we're going to always constantly look for ways to lower our taxes. And hopefully, if there's corporate tax reform by the way, that will be terrific. Like you say, it's different for the regulated utility but for distributions we receive from Enable that would be important to us. So…
Gary L. Whitlock: Yes. Look, I think that is correct and I think those are more -- those dynamics have to be taken into consideration. So what we're providing as disclosure as to where it is today, I think, a year or 2 or some period in the future, if that tax rate changes, those -- all those factors will be taken into consideration. I think the most important thing to take away is that the company is committed to its dividend policy and that is the pass-through that's after-tax distributions of Enable. So as they -- we want Enable to be bigger, better, stronger, grow their distributions and our shareholders benefit from that, which should ultimately lower our cost to capital and allow us to finance our utility and grow our utility which as Scott and Tracy and Joe described, we have terrific capital opportunities, accretive capital to invest, so it will all be helpful to us.
Gary L. Whitlock: This is Gary. Look, I think that's exactly right. Enable -- when we provided a 3-year dividend growth rate it was on the back of or following -- we can't obviously, can't believe [ph] with Enable, it was following Enable's -- where they described their 10% to 12% growth rate. Since they have obviously reduced that and then only given 1 year, that's exactly right. We really need to follow them. I won't commit to the company that, obviously, at this point but it's something that Scott and the board will consider is providing as much clarity. If they provide -- the more clarity Enable has, they'll have more this year I think that's exactly right. If they can provide multiyear with confidence around their growth and then, that gives us confidence around providing compound growth rate. But I think an important takeaway, we're going to continue to grow our dividend. Our utilities will grow. We have a payout ratio of 60% to 70%. We've got room to work around that as the utility grows. And the takeaway from our investors -- for our investors should be, we are going to continue to grow the dividend but we'll do it in a thoughtful way, and we do have to be very thoughtful and mindful of Enable and really follow their information and try not to lead it.
Gary L. Whitlock: We -- yes, this is Gary again. Look, I think there was -- what we've done, there were some expectations at work was going on. This is, what I call a, it's periodic reconciliation of these very complicated multiyear issues around book and tax balance sheet, so we had some knowledge of that. What we've done, you'll see it in our supplemental materials and I hope I've described it, we left it really from precedent perspective in the $0.83, but clearly, wanted to take it out. So you have -- start with the $0.76 and I'll call it the starting point for last year. So -- look, for the tax rate going forward, 38% of what -- in terms of booked tax rate from Enable, we look approximately 36% or so, so we've got a, frankly, a little more headwind. We introduced the year at 33% total tax -- 31% total tax rate, if you add that back it's about 34%. So what we're doing when you look at guidance of $0.71 to $0.75, we have to -- we're going to work hard to beat that if we can. But it includes some headwinds, whether it be tax rate or others things that we have to work hard to fill the gap in.
