Dave Lesar: Thank you, Jason. As you have heard from us today, we now have 12 straight quarters of meeting or exceeding expectations. We are a pure-play regulated premium utility and on a course to continue to deliver on incremental long-term growth opportunities to support our customers.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. Let me take the first shot at that and then Jason can come in as you like. First of all, I don’t want to front run anything that might come through the legislative process. There’s still about a month to go, and a lot can happen. But saying that, we have really appreciative of the support we have getting in the legislative process in this section to really benefit all Texas and certainly, the customers of CenterPoint. So there are some bills out there that I think would benefit customers. I think it’s important to keep in mind, though, that our -- the 6% to 8% growth we have out there really is predicated on the status quo. So I think as any of these things work their way through, it certainly will benefit customers primarily, but also CenterPoint.
Dave Lesar: Thanks, Shar. I continue to think we have more tailwinds than we do have headwinds. Obviously, interest on a Q-over-Q basis stood out. But as I mentioned on the fourth quarter earnings call, we made a conservative assumption around interest expense in the 2023 plan and current interest rates are at or below the interest assumptions we have in our plan. So I don’t see interest as -- is as significant a headwind to 2023, even though it will be a year-over-year variance. We continue to feel confident in the continued growth. We have seeing a steady trend of continued 2% customer growth here in the Houston area. We still have significant opportunities with respect to O&M. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have a number of capital trackers pending in front in many of our jurisdictions that will provide enhanced earnings power for the company in the latter half of the year. So we continue to feel, as I said, more tailwinds than headwinds and that’s why we have reaffirming our guidance on today’s call.
Dave Lesar: Well, certainly, you take the lessons learned by watching the interaction with the PUC, watching the strategy that they use. But Oncor is Oncor and we have CenterPoint. And so we have sort of different needs. We have different outcomes. We have sort of different experiences. So I think we use it as a data point. But I think, all in all, we have got a great story to put forward in front of the PUC, we are in an entirely sort of different climate than the Oncor territory is. But as I said, we will take the lessons learned and use them, and we will put the best foot forward to show what a great company CenterPoint is and what we have done for customers with our investments over the past few years.
Dave Lesar: I think that if you look back over the, say, last 30 years, the Houston area has sort of grown consistently 2% a year and we even saw that growth continue through COVID. So I think right now, we have really seeing more of the status quo. This is a really happening area in terms of attracting jobs. It’s got a relatively low residential housing costs. Obviously have the tax advantages you have in Texas with no state income tax. You have low energy prices. So all of that adds up to continue, I think, to develop an ecosystem here in Houston that will continue to drive approximately 2% growth and that’s really what we have in our plans. So we have not planning for any more or any less at this point.
Dave Lesar: For those of you that are wondering, that rumbling in the background is it’s a terrible weather day here in Houston with lots of thunder and lighting. So I hope it’s not impacting the quality of the call here.
Shar Pourreza: Yes. Perfect. There was a little death spot there. Just a quick question on Texas -- the Texas legislator. There’s obviously been several regulatory update builds making traction at the legislature, I mean, including some of it around employee costs, approval of CPCN, storm costs, interim recovery mechanisms. I guess how do we think about some of these, Jason and David, in the context of your longer term plan, your 6% to 8%, what should we really be focused on and could any of these sort of unlock some of that $3 billion of incremental capital opportunity that’s been out there? Thanks.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. And then lastly was -- I mean, obviously, it was a clean quarter and it seems like you guys are offsetting some of the pressures like weather and interest rates despite some reliance on floating rate debt, which obviously in your prepared remarks it’s been stepping down. I guess how do we think about sort of the rest of the year, especially some of the near-term headwinds don’t ease, how much of that sort of contingency have used up like O&M, especially in light of the inflationary pressures out there? Thanks.
Shar Pourreza: Perfect. And then, Jason, congrats to you and Chris on phase two, it’s a big one for CenterPoint. Thanks, guys.
Jason Wells: … add to your comment about the ability to unlock the $3 billion of incremental capital. A handful of these bills are credit accretive to our current plan, more timely recovery of some of our critical infrastructure related investments would allow us to continue to accelerate or fold in some of that $3 million that we have identified but not incorporated in the plan. So some of these bills not only give us the opportunity to recover that capital more timely, but to enhance our capital spend for the benefit of our customers. So as Dave said, we are following the legislative process, we have appreciative that the legislature is taking up these critical issues for all utility stakeholders, but we have not going to provide any specific update until the legislature is over and the governor had time to evaluate any bills that are passed.
Jason Wells: James, if I can add, I want to reemphasize the point that I made on the fourth quarter call. I think we have in a pretty unique position here at CenterPoint given the team’s strong work around O&M discipline. Such that as we look forward to filing this case later this year, we will likely file a relatively flat revenue requirement increase despite advocating for a higher cost of capital to attract the critical investment that stated here in Texas. And so I think we have in a pretty unique position having driven cost out of the business to be able to kind of advocate for benefits for all stakeholders.
Jason Wells: Yeah. Thanks, Julien. Appreciate the questions. There’s no fundamental change in our view of the balance sheet. We have worked hard over the last several years to improve the cushion between where we were -- where FFO to debt metrics actually stand and our downgrade threshold, as I have indicated on previous calls, I believe, in running about 150-basis-point cushion at a minimum to remove any equity overhang risks. And I think under the current plan that we are able to achieve that. We have made a lot of progress reducing parent company debt as it relates to the percentage of total company debt. And as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we have taken pretty substantial steps in this first quarter to reduce our variable rate exposure. So I continue to remain happy with sort of our trajectory. There are a handful of things that could potentially be credit accretive. As referenced it in some of the comments around the legislative process here in Texas, we have not going to formally update anything until we see the conclusion of those efforts. But the potential of recovering capital faster is both a benefit to the company, but also our customers in terms of moderate any rate impacts. So more to come on that front as the Texas legislature winds down. In terms of your question around some of the rumors, obviously, we don’t comment on market rumors. I just want to reemphasize a couple of points. Our current $43 billion CapEx plan through 2023 does not require any incremental equity. So we don’t need to sell any of our businesses. That said, we have got a great set of assets and routinely receive unsolicited interest. That’s why we have continued to emphasize that we believe that the market for gas LDCs remain strong. I think this management team has demonstrated routinely that we will always look to maximize ways for shareholder value. And so as it relates to your last point on the $3 billion of capital spend, I think that really is going to come down to finding ways to efficiently fund it and recover it. We have entering a period of time with these rate cases where we will likely not have access to some of our capital trackers as we prosecute those rate cases. That’s something that we have mindful of as we think about increasing our CapEx plan. But equally, we want to be able to fund it efficiently for our stakeholders and so that could come in the form of, as I said, maybe some of the credit accretive opportunities in the legislative session or potential outcomes in upcoming rate cases. So we have got a great plan in front of us and we continue to look at ways to potentially enhance it.
Jason Wells: Yeah. I appreciate the question, Julien. I mean I don’t -- I think there’s any sort of definitive time line. It’s an important part to see kind of bill is moving. Obviously, the House and Senate are doing that. There’s still more than 30 days left in this session. And so I think all eyes are just -- there’s a number of bills outside of those focus just on utility related issues and we have just trying to work with constructively with legislators and key stakeholders to advocate on behalf of our customers, but there’s probably not any specific deadlines that I would point to at this moment.
Jason Wells: Yeah. Jeremy, I appreciate the question. I think we have ramped up capital pretty considerably. A significant portion of that incremental capital is really dedicated to enhancing reliability and resiliency in helping kind of make the grid a little smarter, a little more self-healing to improve reliability, a little bit harder to withstand the impact of superior weather. I think that $3 billion is largely oriented to incremental resiliency work that we would like to hold in the plan when we can efficiently execute it and efficiently recover it and efficiently fund it. So we will continue to find ways to incorporate that enhanced resiliency spend over the coming years.
