Scott M. Prochazka: Thank you, Carla, and good morning, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for joining us today and thank you for your interest in CenterPoint Energy. This morning, we reported full earnings -- full year earnings of $311 million or $0.72 per diluted share, as compared to $417 million or $0.97 per diluted share in 2012. I'd like to remind you of the unusual items that occurred during each year. As you may recall, effective May 1 of 2013, our midstream assets became part of Enable Midstream Partners. As a result, in 2013, we recorded a noncash deferred tax charge, as well as certain partnership formation expenses. In the third quarter of 2012, we recorded a noncash goodwill impairment charge, as well as a noncash pretax gain from an acquisition. Excluding the effects of these unusual items, net income for 2013 would have been $544 million or $1.26 per diluted share, compared to $581 million or $1.35 per diluted share in 2012. Using the same basis that we use when providing guidance, full year adjusted earnings would have been $1.20 per diluted share in 2013, compared to $1.25 for 2012. As a result of the formation of Enable Midstream Partners, the way we present our financial results has changed. We will point out these changes in the course of our call today to help you better understand CenterPoint's overall financial performance, both [ph] for 2013 and for the future. In discussing our financial results, we will refer to our equity investment in midstream as midstream investments, and to the remainder of our businesses as utility operations. The benefit of our diversified utility portfolio was again seen in 2013. Our natural gas utilities had a record year, which helped offset a modest decline in our electric utility, resulting primarily from a return to more normal weather. In 2013, we invested nearly $1.2 billion in our utility operations, up 22% from the prior year, to address increasing demands associated with growth, reliability and ongoing maintenance. Overall, we experienced solid financial and operational performances from our utilities. With the changes in company leadership and the formation of Enable, the time is right to refresh our vision and strategy. CenterPoint Energy's new corporate vision is to lead the nation in delivering energy, service and value. Compared to our prior vision, this version emphasizes our desire to serve evolving customer needs while creating value for our shareholders, employees and communities. This vision also reflects a focus on effectively operating and investing in our utility operations, as well as taking an active role in governing our investment in Enable. We are committed to providing both stability and growth from our utility operations, while capturing the growth associated with midstream investments. Our new corporate strategy is simply stated: operate, serve and grow. This updated strategy incorporates the company's competitive advantages in technology implementation, process innovation, customer service and regulatory relationships. First, we operate billions of dollars of assets that people rely on every day to serve their energy needs. These energy delivery systems must work reliably and safely. Second, we serve over 5.6 million customers, who expect efficient and effective interactions as we address their needs. And third, we continue to grow our investments to address customer growth, system hardening and replacement of aging infrastructure. The effective execution of this strategy over the next 5 years will allow us to target a normalized compound utility annual earnings growth rate of 4% to 6%. Recently, I announced that Tracy Bridge and Joe McGoldrick were named executive vice presidents and members of the company's executive committee. While both have been given additional responsibilities, Tracy will continue to lead our electric business and Joe will continue his leadership role over our natural gas businesses. During this call, you will hear from Tracy and Joe as they discuss their businesses' 2013 performance and provide an outlook for 2014. I'll now turn the call over to Tracy.
Scott M. Prochazka: Thank you, Joe. Once Enable Midstream Partners becomes a publicly traded company, it's our expectation that they will publicly provide their financial and operational results. Accordingly, in the future, we will generally limit the discussion in our earnings releases and calls to our portion of Enable's equity earnings and the cash distributions we receive from the partnership. However, in this call, we will provide a high-level discussion of Enable's performance, although as you know we are limited in what we can say due to their pending S-1 filing. For the 8-month period from May 1 of 2013 when Enable was formed through December 31 of 2013, CenterPoint Energy recognized $173 million of equity earnings from our investment in Enable, and an additional $8 million from our remaining ownership in SESH. We also received cash distributions of approximately $106 million from Enable and $23 million from SESH during 2013. In February of this year, we received a cash distribution of approximately $67 million associated with Enable's fourth quarter results. In total, our cash distribution related to Enable's 2013 performance is $173 million for the 8 months of May to December. During the past year, Enable's transportation and storage segment continued to be challenged by ongoing low seasonal and geographic price differentials, which reduced the demand for ancillary services and adversely impacted certain contract renewals. Enable's gathering and processing segment had a solid year despite relatively low commodity prices for most of the year and reduced gathering activity in the dry gas basins. Processing volumes, however, have continued to increase as a result of system expansions in its wet gas regions. As you know, Lynn Bourdon became Enable's CEO at the beginning of February. We're excited to have Lynn in place and believe the strength of his broad industry experience and his high-energy leadership style are well-suited to ensure Enable reaches its full potential. Through the efforts of Lynn and his team, good progress is being made toward the planned IPO. I'll now turn the call over to Gary, who can provide an update on financial activities.
Scott M. Prochazka: Matt, the guidance we gave was inclusive of what we've experienced to date. So we do have some feel for the relative favorability that we've seen so far. So that has been factored in.
Scott M. Prochazka: Matt, it's also probably safe to note the PUC process take upwards of a year after we make our submission. So the submission to the commission would be later this year and they can take up to a year to decide.
Scott M. Prochazka: Yes. Carl, roughly, the range is somewhere between $300 million and $600 million, given the options involved. And keep in mind that some of those options would have us sharing some of the investment with, potentially, with other parties who are involved in the project.
Scott M. Prochazka: Sure. We now have weather normalization adjustments in our Arkansas, Louisiana, Oklahoma and Mississippi jurisdictions. And those operate through the performance-based mechanisms that exist in those states. Now, as you know, those are our smallest jurisdictions of our states. So Minnesota is clearly our most weather-dependent LDC that we have and has the most volumetric rates as well. So that's why we continue to hedge weather in both Minnesota and, primarily, in Texas where we also do not have a WNA.
Scott M. Prochazka: Well, we're seeing, obviously, this -- the volatility that's been discussed already and some very high peak prices. We've been able to take advantage of some of that, but also there are times when those are costs to you as well. So net-net, I wouldn't say it has had a material impact on our sales businesses in the year-to-date.
Scott M. Prochazka: Andrew, we will see earnings grow between now and the end of the period. The need for a formal rate proceeding is really pushed out because of the mechanisms that we have, coupled with just the growth that we're experiencing. So we get $25 million to $30 million of new revenue each year just off of growth. And then using the capital covering mechanisms we have in electric around the transmission and the distribution side, we can pursue timely recovery for 90 -- over 90% of our capital that we spend there. So we've got those mechanisms that are going to keep us out of needing to file a formal rate case during this window of our plan.
Scott M. Prochazka: I did comment, but I'll just reiterate those -- my remarks. We see that with the plan we have in place that we would grow that utility earnings by about 4% to 6% over the planned period.
Scott M. Prochazka: We have assumed that it would fall to somewhere between 10 to 20, is what we had commented on. If you take a midpoint, it probably gives you a pretty good feel for what we think it may be. But I can tell you, as we've told you in the past, this can be very, very uncertain in terms of both the timing and the amounts. Hence, the reason we gave a range. So it's very difficult to target a point value, but we think it's going to be dropping off, although it is going to stay above what we had seen on a historic basis.
Scott M. Prochazka: There are a number of companies and pipelines that are trying to put infrastructure in from the shale plays, which are outside of the Houston territory, and they're generally trying to get commodity over to the Houston Ship Channel. And the only way to get to the Houston Ship Channel through pipelines is to go through the city, and our right-of-ways present a great opportunity for them to get their pipes in.
Scott M. Prochazka: Ali, I think the story you'll hear will be consistent with what you heard in the past, and that is we are interested in opportunities to make an acquisition if the opportunity presents itself. Now, we know it's tough in this space to do this, but we also know that we're going to be very discerning in terms of doing the analytics and making sure that what we would pursue is strategically aligned. And it would be done at a value that would be accretive to our shareholders. So we remain interested in it, but it's difficult to do in this space.
Scott M. Prochazka: Yes. Well, clearly, Gary is still here and he plans to be here for some additional time. So there's nothing underway in terms of finding his replacement at the current -- right now. We will be doing that at some point, but that will be later in the year.
Scott M. Prochazka: With respect to Enable, we are actively working on the CFO. I believe we're getting close. We haven't made an announcement. But we do believe we're getting close with all the activity underway. Lynn is active in that and he's leading that process, and Gary and John [ph] are both involved in that as well. But we're making good progress there and, hopefully, we're fairly close on that.
Joseph B. McGoldrick: Thank you, Tracy. For the past several years, our natural gas utilities have worked diligently to build an efficient and effective business model while growing earnings. We have implemented a number of regulatory mechanisms that are now producing a predictable amount of annual incremental revenue with reduced regulatory lag. We've also continued an expense management effort that has resulted in, essentially, no change in our O&M expenses over the past 5 years when pass-through expenses associated with energy efficiency programs are excluded. And our credit and collection processes continue to effectively limit bad debt expenses. Collectively, these efforts to manage business performances have paid off as evidenced by the doubling of operating income in 7 years and record operating income reported today for our natural gas utilities in 2013. None of these improvements were made at the expense of operations. In fact, reliability, safety and customer service have all improved over that time. Operating income in 2013 was $263 million, as compared to $226 million in 2012. Rate relief, growth, cost management efforts and a return to normal weather, compared to an extremely mild 2012, resulted in a strong operational performance. Moreover, as a result of our weather hedging strategy and weather normalization adjustments in some jurisdictions, we saw only a small net benefit from increased usage due to weather in 2013. An important point is that structural changes, coupled with innovative rate mechanisms, resulted in record financial performance without relying on significantly increased weather-related usage. Like Houston Electric, our natural gas utilities had a significant capital program in 2013, investing $430 million, a 20% increase over 2012. The customer count in our service area grew at an average of 1% in 2013, driven by robust growth in our largest service areas of Houston and Minneapolis. These benefits were partially offset by an expected increase in bad debt expenses associated with colder weather, as well as higher depreciation and tax expense. In 2014, our natural gas utilities expect to add more than 30,000 new customers. Moreover, we expect to invest $520 million this year, an additional 20% increase over last year's investment. Our 5-year capital plan is expected to exceed $2.2 billion and will target safety and reliability-related infrastructure, growth and system modernization. On the regulatory front, there are 3 items I would like to mention. First, our Minnesota rate case was heard by an administrative law judge in January 2014, and we expect a final decision by the Public Utilities Commission by mid-summer. Second, in December, we resolved a rate inquiry by the City of Houston without a need for further proceedings. And third, the Texas Supreme Court has confirmed that the Texas Railroad Commission had the authority to approve a Cost of Service Adjustment rider or, COSA, which we utilized from 2009 to 2011. We expect this decision will eliminate the potential to refund amounts collected under that rider. Our Energy Services business reported 2013 operating income of $13 million, as compared to $2 million in 2012 after excluding the 2012 goodwill impairment charge. After adjusting for annual mark-to-market changes and onetime items, primarily, the 2012 sale of a nonstrategic asset, Energy Services operating income grew by $4 million in 2013. The increased customer count and sales volumes in 2013 were partially offset by lower unit margins in more competitive markets. As part of our gas operations group, this business supports customer needs through tailored commodity solutions. We expect this business to provide between $15 million and $25 million of annual operating income during the planning horizon. I'll now turn the call back to Scott, who will discuss our investment in Enable.
Joseph B. McGoldrick: Carl, I think you answered part of the question. And clearly, the market is more competitive, so that is impacting our margins somewhat. But also, we don't look like we did, say, 4 or 5 years ago. We had some assets back then that we were able to take advantage of when you had the sort of volatility that, frankly, we're seeing again this winter, but we don't have the ability to capture those margins any longer because, as you recall, our intent was to de-risk this business and make it a true retail sales business.
Joseph B. McGoldrick: Sure. We have grown the capital program in our gas LDCs for the last several years. 5, 6 years ago, it only averaged about $200 million, and now we're closer to $400 million. It's really -- there is some growth capital in there, no doubt, but a lot of it is being driven by infrastructure replacement and a pipeline integrity regulation. As you're aware, after San Bruno, a lot of things have ratcheted up and so we are making a major investment, and replacing a transmission pipe that loops the City of Minneapolis. And so there's a lot of safety and reliability-related infrastructure investments that we're making across all of our LDCs.
Joseph B. McGoldrick: That's a lot of it. In addition too we continue with our automated meter reading program that continues to replace the old meters with new meters so we can read them remotely. And so, there's a number of things, but clearly, the pipeline integrity investment is a large portion of the increase.
Gary L. Whitlock: Thank you, Scott, and good morning to everyone. Before discussing various CenterPoint financial items, I would like to mention that Enable Midstream Partners recently filed a second amendment to its S-1 registration statement and is continuing to progress towards an initial public offering. Our goal remains to have an interest in a publicly traded master limited partnership. Given applicable SEC requirements, we are limited in what we can discuss regarding Enable and its IPO. Now let me update you on the recent CenterPoint Energy-related activity. As you know, the company has benefited from a number of favorable actions by the rating agencies in 2013. In January of this year, Moody's more favorable view of the relative credit supportiveness of the U.S. regulatory environment was reflected in its upgrade of the debt of CenterPoint Energy Inc. and Houston Electric. CenterPoint Energy's senior unsecured debt is now rated BAA1 and the mortgage bonds of Houston Electric are now rated A1. Now I would like to discuss our earnings guidance range for 2014, which takes into consideration a number of economic and operational variables that may impact the actual earnings performance. Effective with the formation of Enable Midstream Partners, we recorded our portion of the midstream partnership's earnings using the equity method of accounting. Therefore, our earnings per diluted share for 2014 represents the booked after-tax earnings we record from our utility operation and the booked after-tax earnings we record from midstream investments. We estimate earnings from our utility operations, inclusive of the parent company, to be in the range of $0.68 to $0.72 per diluted share for 2014. The utility operations guidance range considers significant variables that may impact earnings, such as weather, regulatory and judicial proceedings, volumes, commodity prices, ancillary services, effective tax rate and financing activity. We estimate earnings -- equity earnings from our midstream investment to be in the range of approximately $280 million and $315 million or $0.40 to $0.45 per diluted share for 2014. This guidance includes our 58.3% ownership interest in Enable Midstream; our retained 25.05% interest in SESH; and the amortization of our basis difference in Enable. This guidance does not include any gains or losses that result from Enable's selling unit or dilution associated with Enable's issuance of limited partnership units and its planned initial public offering. The midstream investment's guidance range considers significant variables that may impact earnings such as commodity prices, volume throughput, ancillary services, weather, regulatory proceedings, effective tax rate, financing activity and potential net synergies realized once the partnership operations are fully integrated. Our consolidated estimate of earnings on a guidance basis for the full year 2014 is in the range of $1.08 to $1.17 per diluted share. We have assumed a consolidated effective tax rate of approximately 36%, including a 38% tax rate for Enable's earnings, an average share count of approximately 431 million shares and lower interest expense. In addition, the company does not include the impact of any changes in accounting standards, any impact to earnings from the change in the value of the Time Warner stocks and the related [indiscernible] securities or the timing effects of mark-to-market and inventory accounting in the company's Energy Services business. As the year progresses, we will keep you updated on our earnings expectations. In closing, I would like to remind you of our revised dividend policy and the $0.2375 per share quarterly dividend declared by our Board of Directors on January 20. This represented a 14.5% increase from our 2013 quarterly dividend. Our objective is to provide a quarterly cash dividend that is supported by the long-term stability and growth of our utility operation, combined with the growth in the distributable cash flow from Enable. Our intention is to target a payout ratio of 60% to 70% of sustainable earnings from our utility operation, and 90% to 100% of the net after-tax cash distributions we receive from Enable. We believe this revised policy represents our strong commitment to shareholders and the confidence we have in the underlying growth prospects for our utility operations and cash distributions from Enable. Thank you for your continued interest in CenterPoint Energy, and now I'll turn the call back over to Carla.
Gary L. Whitlock: For 2013, it was a partial year, so it was about $5 million. Going forward, Matt, it's going to be $7 million, and you'll see that described in our 10-K as well. So it's going to be amortized over 30 years and approximately $7 million per year.
Gary L. Whitlock: No. Those are the -- the cash from the general partnership IDR is yet to be determined further down the road. At this point, I think you think of it as our LP interest, the 58.3%, yes.
Gary L. Whitlock: I think that's -- yes. I think that's right, Andrew, to be determined. But I think of it -- look, our dividend policy is very clear. Cash flows from Enable will be on a 90% to 100% on an after-tax basis to our shareholders. I'm just saying, in the near term, the GP, obviously, we don't have the benefit of those IDRs, we will, eventually. So I think, dramatically, and the board will make those determinations at that time. I think Enable cash flows fundamentally will go to our shareholders.
Gary L. Whitlock: Well, I think, when you think of our earnings guidance, I mean, Ali, we have taken into consideration what I would call the full year '14. As you just described, the S-1 is following normal protocol it has 9 months of '14 and then 3 months of '15. So we've made our assumptions and we've made our assumptions around those variables, of course, in including -- in determining our guidance.
Gary L. Whitlock: The way we think about that, we obviously didn't give you a dividend growth rate and pretty simple. There are a number of moving parts here that's going to be, throughout this year, going to have significant more transparency around them. So we've tried to provide a policy that's very clear to investors. If you can see then the -- what I would call the significant inherent growth in the dividend, as Enable grows and the clear policy around the distribution of cash and then the investment we make in the utility and the ability to grow the utility earnings. So we think our policy really speaks to -- what we think will be really terrific, frankly going forward, dividend growth. But we're not committed to an exact percentage around this. So I really think you look at the policy and then focus on the growth in the utility, and then what we expect is -- will be strong performance by Enable as they execute their business plan over the longer term.
Gary L. Whitlock: Steve, the way I'm providing that is the way we have to look at it because there's timing. The timing, as I mentioned, on an earlier question that the rates actually start less than 10% but they then ratchet up over, I'm going to look at a 5-year timeframe. If you average that, it's a 15% to 17%, and that's kind of the way we have to think about it. So we will distribute the cash, trying to have what I'd describe as a normalized cash rate. But yes, I think that's the way you think about it, certainly, in the foreseeable future, it's 15% to 17%.
Gary L. Whitlock: Well, it's less than 15% to 17%. And then in years after this, it increases. And again, I'd just caution you, these are always complex issues around tax and tax laws can change, and it's always going to be a variable. But absolutely, in terms of the policy, what we're shooting for and our objective is to distribute the after-tax cash from Enable to our shareholders.
Gary L. Whitlock: It does not impact the [indiscernible]. What it does it really substitutes another share. As you know, we started with one reference share, now we have 3 companies, so you'll have -- at this point, we have Time Warner Cable, and now, once they merge, it will be Comcast or whatever. But it's just another reference share.
