Bill Rogers: It’s Bill. I think you said it correctly. The bulk of it is $2.5 billion and it's a combination of common equity, mandatory convertibles or other high-equity content securities. With respect to the timing, we have said we intend to complete the permanent financing for the acquisition of Vectren common shares before we close on the merger.
Bill Rogers: Antoine, good morning. As we said, we should be completing that at year-end this year where our investments in Enable Midstream that are held at the CERC level get moved to a separate entity. We call it CenterPoint Midstream. And then we put leverage against those investments, and the use of the proceeds from those borrowings will be to pay down debt at CERC and to pay down debt at the holding company.
Bill Rogers: Yes, the target debt-to-capital ratio for CERC is the weighted average debt-to-capital ratio that we have for the Utilities and CERC.
Bill Rogers: Steve, it's Bill. Our guidance at the high end of our $1.50 to $1.60 incorporates Enable’s guidance when they say they're at their midpoint or higher. With respect to July weather, yes, it's been somewhat warmer-than-normal weather. But to date, we haven't updated for third quarter activities. This is just through second quarter.
Scott Prochazka: Ali, the way I would respond to that is they have - still have a very strong growth rate on their rate base given their capital plans. Their plans, as they have shared them, or their expectations involve growth in both their regulated businesses and their unregulated businesses.  And when you look at the growth opportunities for that complete set, matched up with our set, we think they're nicely complementary to our growth rate. So this is just taking a look at the utility side. I will also say that each year, both companies or all companies update their capital plans based on requirements going forward. But there - as you pointed out, their growth rate is technically lower than ours on the utility side, but they anticipate other growth in some of their non-regulated business units.
Scott Prochazka: So, Julien, I don't think we have any more to share on the composition piece in terms of our equity other than what Bill just shared a minute ago. And with respect to Enable, look, right now, we are focused on the financing of this transaction. What we have said is following the transaction, we will have some modest equity requirements to fund the capital requirements of our businesses going forward. And at that time, Enable may be a source of funds for that. But at this point, we're focused on completing this transaction and the necessary financing for it.
Scott Prochazka: Yes Julien, I don't think we're prepared at this point to comment on the rate base growth deltas by business unit at this point. We are, for context purposes, about three weeks into our integration planning exercise. So we are at the front end of understanding more information about the specifics that would - we will pursue once the deal is closed.
Scott Prochazka: Well, again, it's probably premature to be talking about their capital plans. But they do have appreciable spend in both their electric and their gas businesses, if that's helpful.
Scott Prochazka: So, Michael, to your first question, the driver for the increase from the original estimate of 250, that estimate was made early on when we were considering, at a high level, different routing options. During the time between that estimate and the one we just provided, we were able to do much more refined analysis about routing options and the structures needed to be able to withstand certain wind tolerances, as well as recognition of environmental wetland-type areas that are in this region of our service territory. When you couple the design requirements, including all of those factors, we end up with a cost for this line that has gone up from the 250 up to the number that I specified at around 630. So that's really the driver. It’s structure and environmental-related routing issues. It’ll be the short answer to that. Go ahead.
Scott Prochazka: So this is something that is just now entering the process with the Commission. We will be presenting that to them as we make our filing. But one point to note, this is an investment that was deemed necessary by ERCOT as a result of reliability needs in the region. So, we still see this as a solution to solve a reliability-related design issue and I still believe it’s the most cost-effective solution available.
Scott Prochazka: What we're noticing around the Texas area is really strong ongoing demand in the commercial and the industrial sectors. That's what tends to be driving overall throughput along the system as well as some weather-related. But you asked for kind of weather-normalized. Those two segments tend to be weather-normalized automatically. We still continue to see strong demand with our residential sector. They are essentially on a use per customer basis holding flat, which is what we've seen for several years now. We will note that we have seen a slight downturn in the growth rate associated with residential addition. We believe that's associated with Hurricane Harvey and the impacts that had on residential meters. And I think we're going to see noise in that growth rate until we pass the period in which Harvey occurred which would be in the fall. So, that's creating some noise. We also had a surge in the most recent period of completing multiple multi-family units. And multi-family unit construction has slowed now while the inventory is being consumed. But our additions in, say, a more of a suburban setting continue to be strong. One of our indications for that is we have joint trench crews. These are crews that go out and put in the infrastructure ahead of development build. These crews are operating at a level that is higher than last year, for example. So we see good fundamentals that even though the residential count is lower that the residential demand is still very strong.
Scott Prochazka: There was a little bit of volatility in the quarter. But as you pointed out, it's a low quarter anyway, so any amount of volatility gets exacerbated. We did – we made some adjustments. There were some adjustments that we made on the balance sheet that had an effect and fairly minor in nature. But again, since the number is small on this quarter, it got amplified.
Scott Prochazka: The fundamentals – I’ll just say the fundamentals remain very strong in this business. Customer count is up. Our throughput is up. Margin is staying very healthy. So, we're still very bullish on this space.
Scott Prochazka: That is correct. I have not announced it. And as for timing, waiting until later in the process. I'd like the decision-making to be informed by our integration planning process. So it will be a little later on the process before I get to that point.
Scott Prochazka: Well, clearly, Steve, with the strengthening in the market, that space, that is a positive sign. We'd like to see that. We continue to monitor that market for strength of investors. But I would answer the question by saying, look, our near-term focus is around financing the acquisition and keeping our attention on that. And then to the extent that there would be opportunities for Enable, it would be down the line when we're looking at equity requirements for our ongoing growth capital.
