Marianne Paulsen: Thank you very much, Thea [ph]. Good morning, everyone. This is Marianne Paulsen, Director of Investor Relations for CenterPoint Energy. I'd like to welcome you to our third quarter 2011 earnings conference call. Thank you for joining us today. David McClanahan, President and CEO; And Gary Whitlock, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will discuss our third quarter 2011 results and will also provide highlights on other key activities. In addition to Mr. McClanahan and Mr. Whitlock, we have other members of management with us who may assist in answering questions following their prepared remarks. Our earnings press release and Form 10-Q filed earlier today are posted on our website, which is www.centerpointenergy.com, under the Investors section. I remind you that any projections or forward-looking statements made during this call are subject to the cautionary statements on forward-looking information in the company's filings with the SEC. Before Mr. McClanahan begins, I would like to mention that a replay of this call will be available until 6:00 p.m. Central Time through Wednesday, November 9, 2011. To access the replay, please call 1 (855) 859-2056 or (404) 537-3406 and enter the conference ID number 14698131. You can also listen to an online replay of the call through the website that I just mentioned. We will archive the call on CenterPoint Energy's website for at least 1 year. And with that, I will now turn the call over to David McClanahan.
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you, Gary. And with that, we will now open up the call to questions. In the interest of time, I would ask you to please limit yourself to one question and a follow-up. Thea, would you please give the instructions on how to ask some questions.
Marianne Paulsen: Thank you very much. Since we do not have any further questions, I'm going to end the call. Thank you very much for participating today. We appreciate your support very much. Have a great day. Thank you.
Gary L. Whitlock: Thank you, David and good morning, to everyone. Today, I will update you on the expected timeline to issue the new transition bonds, the replacement of our revolving credit facilities and our revised earnings guidance. I'll start with the transition bond. As David mentioned, the Texas PUC issued a financing order on October 27. We have been working with the PUC staff, as well as our financial advisor on various aspects of the issuance, and we feel we have made excellent progress. There are 2 key gaining items in preparing to go to market. First, the credit rating agencies have to establish a rating for the bond. And second, we need to register the sale of the transition bonds with the SEC. We will issue the bonds as soon as reasonably possible in order to take advantage of historical low interest rates for the benefit of our customers. We are making solid progress on all aspects of the preparatory work, and at this point, we anticipate we will be able to market the bonds either late this year or very early in the new year. In September, we had a very successful syndication of our new revolving credit facilities and closed on 3 5-year senior unsecured facilities totaling $2.45 billion. The economic terms and covenants are in line with other recently syndicated facilities. The drawing cost under the new facilities are approximately 100 basis points higher than the cost of the previous facility. We are very pleased that we have locked in our short-term liquidity sources for the next 5 years. Finally, let me discuss our earnings guidance for the year. As David discussed, we are very pleased with the overall financial performance of our businesses this year, and this morning, we said that we expect 2011 earnings to be at the high-end of our guidance range of $1.04 to $1.14 per fully diluted share. On a guidance basis, which excludes the earnings impact of recording the true-up settlement, the change in the value of Time Warner stocks and the related ZENS securities, as well as the timing effects of mark-to-market in inventory accounting, we earned $0.95 per fully diluted share through the third quarter. In providing earnings guidance, we have assumed normal weather for the balance of the year. And we have taken into consideration our year-to-date performance, as well as various economic, operational and regulatory assumptions. Now, I would like to turn the call back to Marianne.
Gary L. Whitlock: No. I think that's right, David. And also if you look over the long-term, we do have some debit holding company that we've made headway. And over the long-term, you'll see -- I think we will not refinance as the holding company, and refinancings will be -- our financing in the future would be at the regulated utilities. So I think 60-40 is -- this is a significant move and recognized by the credit rating agencies. And as David said, I think it now gives us the flexibility with the cash coming in, a good strong balance sheet, and the opportunity to be very disciplined and thoughtful to execute our growth plan going forward.
Gary L. Whitlock: Andrew, yes, we would consider that ongoing earnings. And I would expect that the high end would be 14 years. We'll have to look at the traunching, there may be some 5s, 10s and a bit longer. So we'll have a lot of clarity for that -- on that, obviously, when we sell those bonds and we can give you sort of the exact numbers then. But the math is exactly -- it will be amortized over the life of those -- the average life of those bonds.
David M. McClanahan: The last one, first. We don't have a preference, we like our portfolio today. We're willing to invest in more electric or gas distribution utilities. But at the same time, we like the midstream business, and we like to invest there as well. It's really going to depend on where we have the most opportunities, and the ones that will create the most value for us. We know on the regulated side, it's a little bit more difficult to do M&A there, but it's not impossible, certainly, and there are assets that come on market from time to time. You're right, I think the midstream businesses, some of the multiples that have been paid lately are pretty rich. And we're not going to do anything that is not going to create value for us. So you have to have some real growth potential in those -- for those assets to pay that kind of multiple, I would think. So we have seen some opportunities. We've looked at them, and we continued to look at them. And we're really getting -- we're going to spend some time in the next 3 to 6 months to really decide where the opportunities are and if there are any real opportunities in one sector or the other.
David M. McClanahan: You're right, Carl. We did say that, and that's what we had intended to do, but we have not been able to have our wholesale business break even. Our retail business, as I said, is doing just fine. But we're still having losses in our wholesale business. We're going to try to get out from under some of the capacity that we're not using today. We've already posted some of that for release. We're going to take some losses early in the fourth quarter. So that's a little bit of headwind there that you noted. I would also remind you that we do have the rate case. The full impact of the Houston Electric rate case will be felt in the fourth quarter. That's probably $10 million, give or take, impact in the fourth quarter of this year. And there is a little bit of timing issue around Field Services. We have these guaranteed throughput agreements. We booked some commitments in the third quarter because we know that our suppliers are not going to make their full -- or our customers are not going to make their full volume commitment. So that kind of moves between quarters. And we probably took a little bit more in the third quarter because they were just not going to make it than we had earlier anticipated. But overall, for the year, we're right where we thought we would be. There's just a little bit of movement between quarters.
David M. McClanahan: Lauren, we do plan to file with it. It's probably not going to be in '12. It would probably be in '13 before we file with it. As you know, the commission passed that rule earlier this year. We can file once a year. I think it's in April. The new rates would be implemented in September. It covers any new distribution investments, but some of those investments are offset by any deferred taxes that are associated with them and a few other items. But we do see value in it. It's not quite as good as we want it, but I think we do see value. We plan to use it; it would probably be 2013 before we have our first filing.
David M. McClanahan: We’ve had a number of lines in the water, so to speak. We've been looking at a lot of different assets that come on the market. The RFPs that we referred to earlier, those have been delayed. In particular, the one that we were most interested in was in the Eagle Ford area. That one has been delayed into next year. We had expected that would be this year. And then there are a few items -- a few that we expect to happen in other liquid-rich plays that just haven't come about yet. So I would say that the RFP process that we've discussed in the past has really been shoved out into next year.
David M. McClanahan: You know, today, our midstream business -- and let me speak specifically about Field Services. It represents probably less than 20% -- between 15% to 20%, maybe 17%. And I think we would see that percentage increasing, but there is a given I think, level that we can go to before we start impacting our credit risk profile, and we're sensitive to that with the utilities we have in our portfolio. So yes, I think we can increase the size of midstream relative to the rest of our portfolio, but I think we have to be cautious that we can't go too far. But I think there's ample room in it today to increase it. And really, that's where we see a lot of the potential growth opportunities, so we are very interested in looking at that.
David M. McClanahan: We have said that we would do an MLP or consider it in the -- if we get some -- either a large acquisition or a significant amount of growth, which we need to fund. And I think that's still our position. Today, we do -- we are going to have an ample amount of proceeds to invest. Having said that, I think the MLP has to be still part of our toolkit. If, in fact, we find something bigger that we want to buy or if we get into a situation where we are having a lot of more rapid growth than we are today, then I think we would look to the MLP if that's the case.
David M. McClanahan: We're going to have a good solid year this year as you would expect, but we're going to have -- because of the weather. But we're going to have a good solid year even when you weather adjust. As I look to next year, I think next year is going to -- we're going to be -- have a good solid year. We're going to -- I think we'd have a good opportunity to earn our regulated rates of return on a normalized weather basis. So I don't think there's any near-term rate case. And if we can grow this business, customer growth is looking pretty good, then maybe we can delay our rate case into the 2013, 2014 timeframe. But at this stage, we think next year is going to be pretty solid, so there's certainly not going to be anything on the table next year.
David M. McClanahan: I looked at some figures on that, and I think we're going to be pretty close to 40% equity once -- when all is said and done. So that is, I think, within striking distance of our peers. We'd probably like to have a little bit more equity in our capitalization, but not much. Gary, you may want to add to that.
David M. McClanahan: Savings plan and drip are no longer on, Faisel. There probably is some on benefit plans and there's some old options that are outstanding that get exercised from time to time. But there's not anything -- shouldn't be anything big there, I would say.
David M. McClanahan: We have -- let's see if we have that broken out easily here. We were averaging 1 Bcf a day in Haynesville for the quarter. And we had a little -- plus or minus, about 800 million a day in our traditional basins, and about I think, 350 or so in the Fayetteville, Woodford areas. Those are round numbers, and I haven't gone to calculating all that stuff out. That's a per day, the 206 is total volumes. I would say that the -- let me see something here. Those are the relative contributions from each of the areas. We just have to do the math to make sure that all adds up to approximately 206 for the quarter.
David M. McClanahan: It declined about 2% from the second quarter. It's leveled off. It obviously is still declining a little bit. There's still some rigs working, not a lot. And once you -- you don't have -- the first year or year after you quit drilling is the biggest decline. So we're not having the types of steep declines that we saw in 2009 and 2010. But they're still declining just because they're being depleted.
David M. McClanahan: We would rather, as you would expect, Steve, build rather than buy. Organic growth and building new systems are much more attractive than buying especially at today's multiples. But I think there are some potential opportunities out there we continue to look at. I think -- we're not going to let this money, say, got to go do something right today. I think we are going to be patient. I think that is the message, but we are going to be very active, diligent. We're going to decide, is there something here over the next 3 to 6 months? Now it may take longer to execute it, but we have to decide how long do we want to hold the money, to try to invest it as opposed to looking at some of the alternatives. But I'd say by midyear next year, we ought to have a pretty good idea and hopefully we'll be able to spend some of this money before then. You might have picked up in my comments, we do think our CapEx and our -- both our Gas Distribution, as well as our Electric Utility, is going to pick up from this year. So we'll spend a little bit more in those areas, but obviously, we're not going to spend all our money in just that area. So we're going to have to find some new investments, but we're not going to do anything that doesn't create value for our shareholders. If it's not a good deal, we're not going to spend the money just to spend it.
David M. McClanahan: We have hurdle rates for each one of our businesses. And clearly, the investment has to meet the hurdle rate over the long term. And I would say that we're not looking to have very much dilution at all. I guess, there could be a little bit in the first year, but we're not looking in any long-term dilutive type transactions.
David M. McClanahan: We didn't, Ali. What we have said is our first priority is to invest the money. That's our number 1 priority. We have some debt maturing in a little over a year, in 2013. And obviously, some of that debt, we could actually buy in today at par. But we're not going to use the money in that -- for those purposes until we have really scrubbed our investment opportunities, and then we'll decide if we should take out some debt or buy back some stock. But at this stage, our number 1 priority is to invest in all our business.
David M. McClanahan: I think we'll still have growth from just our existing contracts in the Haynesville, Fayetteville and Woodford. They're going to continue to go up to their contracted capacity. Today, they're not there. They're about 2/3 of it, especially in the Haynesville. So I think though, that our expectations around expansions, where we thought they would actually expand from 1.5 to maybe up to 2.9 Bcf in the Haynesville over the next 5 years, I think we've tempered some of our expectations there. And while -- we don't think that's going to happen in the next couple of years. It may ultimately happen and we hope it does, but we had expected that might happen in late '12 or '13, and I think we're pushing that out a little bit. Now we still talk to our customers routinely, and we just have to read the tea leaves a little bit when we do that. But expansions are probably pushed out a little bit. So we're going to make sure we capture all the growth of our existing contracts and there's some additional, I think expansions, small ones, that we'll see in that light. But our real goal is to try to go with some of these customers to some other areas. We like to diversify our footprint. We're pretty much Mid-Continent based today, and we would like to diversify that base zone.
David M. McClanahan: You did. With the level of proceeds we're going to get, we don't see really any need right now to go out and do an MLP. Having said that, if we get into a very high growth area or have a big opportunity, we would certainly consider it.
David M. McClanahan: I would say that the results are mixed. I think there are definitely examples that you can find where an MLP appears to enhance the value of the sponsoring -- the C corp behind it. And at the same time, there are those examples where it doesn't appear to have value. So I don't think that's going to drive our determination if we use an MLP or not. But I think a good solid financing source for a growth business, I think is something we would -- is the reason we would consider it.
David M. McClanahan: We haven't considered that yet, Jim. But I would think that -- we look at continuing earnings and cash flow, and I think we need to make sure we see where we are going to invest this money and the level of earnings we're going to get before it really influences our dividend decision. I think our dividend decision next year is going to be based on our current businesses plus what we've done up to that point in time.
David M. McClanahan: We're really aren’t ready to discuss that at this time. We generally look at the dividend level in the first quarter of the new year, and that's what we'll do this coming year.
David M. McClanahan: David, I think you know the answer to that. We're not looking to sell our company. But we are absolutely focused every day on how do we create more value for our shareholders, and we think we have a unique opportunity with the proceeds we're getting. So I'm not sure we're going to ride off into the sunset before we get it all spent, but we're going to get it invested and used long before we get out of here.
David M. McClanahan: Yes. We think that weather and usage was about $35 million, $36 million. And we're pretty sure that at least $25 million to $26 million is weather, and probably a little bit more. We had a drought together with this extreme heat, and I'm not sure our weather models captured all the impacts of weather. But of the $36 million, we're pretty sure that $25 million, $26 million is weather driven.
David M. McClanahan: Not at this time, Carl. We have a guide that we use. 50% to 75% of ongoing earnings, we pay out in dividends. We're at the top-end of that range. We need to grow earnings to grow dividends. But I don't expect that we'll take this money and make any kind of special dividends. What we want to do is invest it, drive our earnings and then drive dividends, and that's our goal.
