Dave Lesar: Thank you, Jackie, and good morning everyone. Before we review our third quarter results, I'd like to touch on the leadership transition announcement we made earlier today. As you've seen, effective January 5th, 2024, Jason Wells will succeed me as CEO and a member of the Board. It has been a great personal and professional experience to work alongside him and our very talented executive team. I am incredibly proud of all that we've accomplished together in the past three and a half years, as we worked hard to position the company to achieve the premium market valuation we have today. We could not have done it without the support and buy-in of our management team and all of our great employees. I have full confidence that Jason is the right person to take the helm. And given how far we've come, now is the right time to advance this transition. As our very strong third quarter results demonstrate, we have great momentum and a solid foundation in place. Making this change at the beginning of 2024 allows Jason and the team to hit the ground running, and as you will hear shortly, this move has no impact on our financial plans, capital growth plans, no impacts to great opportunities ahead for CenterPoint. I have no doubt about CenterPoint's ability to continue to outperform. I'm looking-forward to working closely with Jason and the rest of the management team to support a seamless transition. With that, I'll turn the call over to Jason for a few comments.
Dave Lesar: As you've heard from us today, we now have 14 straight quarters of meeting or exceeding expectations. We are a pure-play, regulated, premium utility and on a course to continue execution of our current plan with incremental growth opportunities to support our customers well beyond that. Thank you for listening to me tell our story for the past three and a half years. This has been a great ride, and I look forward to finding my next opportunity. We also look forward to celebrating Jason's promotion with all of you at EEI.
Dave Lesar: Yes, let me just add little something to that, it's hard. As you know Jason is a humble guy, and he finds it hard to pat himself on the back, but I think he's done a great job in three-plus years he's been here in the Houston community and, and the broader places that CenterPoint serves. And I think he's doing a great job there. He is embedding themselves in the community. I'm not going anywhere. And I think it's going to be all easily handled, and I don't think there should be any concern at all about it.
Dave Lesar: Okay. Before we go off the call, I would just want to thank all of our shareholders and analysts that are on the call that have believed in me and our story, and just stick with us because the best is yet to come. Thank you.
Jason Wells: Thank you, Dave. I'm honored and excited for the opportunity to lead and serve CenterPoint and all of its stakeholders, into this next chapter. From my first day at the company, I've worked with Dave and our Board of Directors to reshape and launch our utility focused strategy. I've also been fortunate to have worked alongside Dave in our pursuit of a track-record of consistent execution to unlock value. I appreciate the Board's confidence in me, and I am thrilled with the opportunity to work alongside this talented team we have here at CenterPoint, to continue enhancing and executing on one of the most tangible long-term growth plans in the industry. I am confident that with our team who puts our customers at the heart of all we do, the opportunities ahead are boundless. I look forward to spending the next few months continuing to engage with our stakeholders and sharing my vision for the company's great future, as we continue to be laser-focused on providing outstanding service to our customers and communities and executing consistently to deliver enhanced stakeholder value. Now, before I turn it back over to Dave to kick-off the discussion of our strong third quarter results, I want to personally thank him for his tireless leadership, mentorship and friendship. He is a force for change, and I look forward to building off the momentum he has created.
Jason Wells: Yes, thanks Chris. And Shar, I would say that the extension of the filing date for Houston Electric will not create any additional regulatory lag, want to be clear about that. As a quick reminder, you know, we have access to the DCRF and TEEEF cost, the capital recovery mechanisms up to the date that we make that rate case filing. So we don't see this extension in the filing date creating any additional regulatory lag.
Jason Wells: Yes, thanks Shar, and I think you hit it. At the end of your question there. Candidly, I don't think there is a reason to continue to track, you know, what we had originally in our last quarter articulated is at $2.6 billion. Set capital opportunities are - were outside of the plan. You know, candidly, as we've gone through our planning process for '24 and looking at our long-term plans, the pipeline of additional CapEx opportunities above are now $43.9 billion CapEx plan remains significant, well in excess of that $2.6 billion. And so, I think it just becomes a confusing factor to reconcile that. I think we've earned the confidence in track record that. You know, the pipeline of opportunities is deep, and as we see the opportunity to efficiently execute them, efficiently fund them and efficiently recover them, we will continue to pull them in for the benefit of our customers.
Jason Wells: Yes, thanks for the question, Jeremy. I appreciate it. Obviously, incredibly big shoes to fill, from the standpoint of Dave's status in the, in the community here, but you know I've been working since I hit the ground here with a variety of organizations outside of Houston Electric and, and, and obviously our greater CenterPoint family. So I'm deeply involved in the community, serving a number of different interests. I would say that Houston is a very welcoming and transitory community with a strong civic focus, and I've been able to tap into that to build a broad network. My focus are, isn't just on Houston alone. It's incredibly important, and I think the activities, you know, outside of my, my day job here at CenterPoint reflect my commitment to the community, but, you know, even this week we were up in Minnesota, meeting with the Governor and other elected officials around priorities for our Minnesota gas business. I continue to make my way around our full-service territory. And so, I think and, and hopefully you have seen - I understand the importance of being involved in our communities. Houston being obviously our home base, but we have the privilege to serve six states and want to be active in all of them.
Jason Wells: I think just the overall sort of smoothing rate increases for customers. And sort of consistent with the common theme around a lot of our regulatory update today sort of simplifying our rate case schedule. I wouldn't really look at it as much as a, you know, earned return. Minnesota is the one state that we operate in that has a forward-looking test year. You know, historically, what I used to say was that, you know, in even years we would see a revenue increase and, and in odd years, you know, we wouldn't see any increase until we have to overcome that regulatory lag on, on odd years. This filing for a two-year for test year begins to address that profile. And so, again, starts to reduce a little bit of regulatory lag, snooze rate increases for our customers and overall reduces the administrative burden. So we're excited about making that filing next week.
Jason Wells: Yes, David. I appreciate the question, and the short answer is no, I don't think the extension was for that reason. Really with the fact we have now two, the opportunity for two DCRFs and two TCOS a year, the rate case at Houston Electric largely becomes a rate case that centers around cost-of-capital around depreciation rates at any differed regulatory assets and liabilities. You know, as I mentioned, we have the opportunity to seek recovery of capital that we're spending now and through the fourth quarter up until the time we file that rate case through the DCRF and TCOS mechanisms. And so, I wouldn't really look at this extension as opportunity for us to address any capital, is going to be a case that involves revolves around cost-of-capital O&M and regulatory assets. And back to sort of the first part of your question, no, there is no fundamental change, I think we're looking at the potential for a small revenue decline, you know, potentially flat revenue increase. When we - I've been clear that we're going to advocate for a higher cost of capital, but as we forecast what that calendar year test year is going to look like, we have reduced O&M more than the increases that we would propose from a cost of capital. So I think that should put us in a standpoint of filing for a revenue requirement. Again, relatively flat, potentially modest decrease as we've communicated in the past.
Jason Wells: Sure, Dave. I think first of all. I got to give some credit to the team for working down even what we walked into this year was 27% floating rate debt as a percent of the total, we're now at about 10%. So really good progress there. As we look at near-term financing, even looking into earlier next year, just as an example for what we think, you know, how we think this is manageable, we're looking at roughly $700 million at CNP. And just to give you a feel for that, that component of our outstanding floating rate already sits at 5.8%. And so as you can imagine, given where things are right now, we think it's pretty manageable, in fact, you know, we might be opportunistic in going after that relatively soon. So just give you an example of we’re looking here and have laid out kind of the next couple of years for you, in terms of what's in front of us and think it's manageable at this stage, even with the longer for higher kind of macro theme that's going on right now.
Shar Pourreza: Good morning. So just on - I wanted to just touch on the confidence that's going into '24 and obviously growing at the top-end from the raised guidance. I guess, how are you kind of maybe addressing the headwinds like interest-rate pressures on about $1 billion worth of the maturities, and you do have, in addition you can talk about this. You have rate cases, right, in Texas, Indiana and Minnesota that you have to get through which could also create some lag. It's a lot of moving pieces, so, I guess where the levers, and just talk about your confidence level in these cases as well as it will dictate '24 and beyond.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Okay, perfect. And then just lastly, obviously, appreciate the CapEx increase and a modest step-up of equity. What's left in the upside CapEx you've highlighted in the past versus what you put into plan? And is there - I guess is there any reason even track that anymore given the incremental opportunity. It's obviously not something you guys have highlighted on the deck, so.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, perfect. Jason, congrats to you on, on Phase-II, and obviously not a surprise to anyone. And Dave, congrats to you on, on your next phase, and if you're not Board of the utility sector, I'm sure there's other utilities that may need your help this year. Thanks.
ChrisFoster: Sure, Shar. Thanks for the question. I think there's probably three things I would focus on. I'll make sure to hit the rate case piece with that, while Jason maybe give you some color there. And there's probably three things that give us the confidence. First is the thoughtful capital planning, where we're now seeing some of the benefit with improved regulatory mechanisms. Second is O&M discipline that we're starting, really continuing to improve on. Third would be just really looking across the plan for incremental opportunities as we go. So an impact each of those. On the capital side, we're now experiencing some of the benefits that are layering in over the increases that we've put in over the last 18 months. And on top of that, we've got the Texas legislation that passed earlier this year is going to help reduce the regulatory lag. And we'll start to see some of the benefit of those investments in '24 and '25. And so we think that ability to file two DCRFs per year, in particular and that incremental recovery of incentive comp can help us reduce regulatory lag by about half. On the O&M side, really as David said, in particular, we continue to be focused on reducing O&M 1% to 2% on average. And you heard that now that we're looking back and really 2021 forward, we're now looking at a 12% reduction, which is pretty substantial. Then lastly, I was getting out looking really across the plan. And so there, although not really O&M specific, we're looking at exploring some savings opportunities with respect to income tax. And since we divested all those non-regulated entities within the company that have any real material size, we've been looking to ensure that there is an efficient state income tax structure that exists beyond that. So we're looking here in the near-term for some potential tax savings as well. Maybe I'll just kick it to Jason for more color on the regulatory cases.
ChrisFoster: Sure, Steve, happy to hit it. I, I think if you just look at what we updated today, we took the plan from $43.4 billion to $43.9 billion. And really, you know, fairly, you know, relatively small amount of the CapEx increase, but one that we thought was reasonably funded with the, the modest movement in the ATM of introducing a 250. Stepping back going-forward, if you - If you look at kind of how we articulated previously, we'd probably be putting ourselves in a position to talk about the longer-term CapEx plan and the associated refresh, really once we get through the key rate cases that are in front of us at this stage. Pointing to kind of the last factor that, that you mentioned, we're going to consistently looking at it, look at the most efficient way to fund our equity going forward. But it's going to be clear that we are talking about at this stage, you know, any future considerations on an ATM would be incremental to the $43.9 billion, right. So there will be growth centric beyond the $43.9 billion that we're talking about today. And again, we're looking to do that larger capital refresh once we can work our way through these cases.
ChrisFoster: Yes, thanks Julien. There's a, a lot to unpack there. You know, on the CapEx side of things. Let, let me just say, you know, last quarter we had talked about pipeline of opportunities of $2.6 billion outside of the plan, you know, as we've gone through our planning process. It is well, well in excess of that. I think those opportunities are in all kind of aspects of our business. I mean, you hit on it. I think the resiliency opportunity here at Houston Electric remains significant. I think it's a real question around the pace of work and we're in the middle of preparing that filing that I'll come back to in a minute, but resiliency is clearly a key driver. But I equally see an incredible amount of opportunities on our gas side as well, particularly given all the growth that we've seen here in Texas for our Texas gas business. So, I would say they're equally weighted, they're well in excess of, of the $2.6 billion we used to track. We're just moving away from tracking that because it becomes confusing, what's in the plan was out of and how does it adjust quarter-by-quarter, but suffice it to say, it remains a deep pipeline of, of opportunities. With respect to the filing timing, you know, we are waiting for the final set of rules to be voted out by the PUCT, likely in December here. We will then, and we are now currently preparing our filing which will likely be sometime, kind of late in the first quarter for that, that resiliency filings. I think this is a incredible piece of legislation, and we're excited about proposing plans to really enhance, continued to enhance the resiliency of our Houston Electric business. And, so more to come there. I think as it relates to the timing of the filing will likely come in maybe a month or two or so before we file the Houston Electric rate case. So it will be a busy regulatory calendar for, for the Houston Electric business next year. But roughly kind of the same time, as I said, end of first-quarter for their resiliency filing a little bit after that for the, the Houston Electric filing. And then sort of more broadly on assets, as look, we, we love the businesses we run. It's a privilege to serve all of our communities. We constantly receive inbound interest on, you know, all of our assets. And as we think about additional movements increases in our CapEx plan, I think we were in the confidence, we will find the most efficient way to finance that incremental growth. So I would say, we, we will make the right decision to maximize value for, for all of our stakeholders, as we look to funding this incremental, incremental capital pipeline that I articulated.
ChrisFoster: Well, some of it's already underway. I mean I think some of the capital that we've announced today, you know, we're executing that capital, putting that capital into service that will allow us then to begin to seek recovery of it next year and fully year in on it in '25. And so, you know, this, this pattern of looking out in the plan and seek re-sequencing capital has been something that I think we've built a track record for. You know, originally, when the Department of Commerce opened up its original investigation, that moved the timing on a handful of our original solar projects. We seamlessly accelerated some capital, particularly here in Houston Electric to offset that. And effectively, that's what we're doing today with this CapEx increase. So yes, I think the important part about these renewable generation projects up in Indiana, I, I think it's important to reemphasize, it represents less than 10% of our total CapEx for the company. And so it gives us a great deal of flexibility as we see the potential slowdown in, you know, operational dates for these plants, we can accelerate either in the other electric or gas portions of our business.
