Scott Prochazka: It would be the reporting of the second quarter earnings in Q3. We anticipate the exercise would be virtually completed or essentially completed by the second quarter, but our first opportunity to discuss it would be in the third quarter call – or the second quarter call, sorry.
Scott Prochazka: Yes, Jonathan, we assumed that the performance of Enable continues to be strong, but we did do some testing of various performance levels of Enable and have concluded that under a number of gross scenarios for Enable, including very modest growth, we would still be able to achieve that.
Scott Prochazka: Well, I think under that scenario, you have got a very different picture to look at. But as I have told you, to the extent that we move forward with an opportunity around the transaction, our objectives were to maintain comparable earnings and dividend.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. So Steve, it’s not connected to clarity around tax policy. This is just the ongoing dialogue we have been having with parties. And our estimate of when we believe that would come to an end. It has nothing to do with tax. In fact, as we have mentioned, this review is really around trying to address the volatility of earnings and we are going to conclude this even without having clarity on what the future tax policy may look like.
Scott Prochazka: And Steve, our expected return on equity within the equity calculation for rate base would be within 25 basis points to 100 basis points less than our allowed return depending upon the entity.
Scott Prochazka: Michael, this is Scott. Good morning. Yes, we have factored in the net impact of all of that in our comments around 2017 performance, which includes essentially an integrated Continuum and then the effects of the integration process associated with AEM. And we think AEM will be – I will describe it as modestly accretive this year. But all of that is included in the numbers that we provided.
Scott Prochazka: I think that has the potential to grow at or slightly stronger than our utility business. It’s really predicated on opportunities that come as a result of additional scale. But I would say it’s very close in growth rate. It’s not something that’s dramatically different.
Scott Prochazka: We haven’t handicapped each of these individually, but we have certainly been clear about the challenges we have with a cash sale from a tax leakage standpoint. So I would say your characterization is perhaps accurate. We do continue to have the challenges associated with the tax leakage if we were to pursue a sale as you pointed out.
Scott Prochazka: Ali, I think we have been pretty consistent about expressing that any of these are viable options. But the real gating item here is whether something other than retaining our ownership would allow us to achieve the objectives we have laid out. If we can’t achieve the objectives we set forth, then our option of maintaining our ownership and continuing to work with Enable to be less volatile is certainly a very viable path. We have been doing that all along quite frankly. And they have had some great successes in the efforts that they have made in 2016 to just do that. And that effort would continue going forward.
Scott Prochazka: We – for practical purposes, we didn’t really weren’t able to start this process until the latter part of the summer last year. Shortly after we made the announcement, the market fell off precipitously and we needed to have a viable forecast from Enable that we could use in these discussions. So we weren’t really able to start anything until the August timeframe of last year. So we are not as far into this as it appears we might be, but we are committed to working this through and exploring the various options that we have. And we will make our decisions accordingly based on our ability to achieve those objectives.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. So you are correct. The majority of the spend is in that blue category, if that’s what you are trying to confirm.
Scott Prochazka: Well, it’s across all asset classes. But you can see the really, the majority of that is in PP&E. As disclosed both on this table on 25 as well as our tax footnote.
Scott Prochazka: That would depend on when new rates are set. So it would be either a matter of going through our mechanisms that we have in the gas utilities or through general rate cases. And I said regulatory liabilities because they would likely be different regulatory liabilities depending upon the nature of the original deferred tax liability. And the amortization of that life of the regulatory liability will be part of the rate case and/or the mechanism.
Bill Rogers: I have that, Steve. Steve, that’s within our footnote on income taxes. And best way to think about it is the deferred tax liability is $1.38 billion and the other piece of data you need on that is where we record the investment in Enable that’s in our assets on our balance sheet and that’s equivalent of $10.71 a share at year end.
Bill Rogers: Yes. Steve, the mechanism that has a return review would be the DCRF. So, we cannot make a DCRF filing if we are earning over our authorized return per our EMR that we filed. That’s the one that has the structured limitation to it. That said we do anticipate filing DCRF this year.
Bill Rogers: Yes. With respect to the longer term growth, I think your anchor point should be the rate of rate based growth and we would expect earnings contribution to grow approximately 1% less than that.
Bill Rogers: Great. So first, you are right. We do have, well, I think in today’s environment, what might be considered high-coupon debt, the debt that just matured in February of this year at a coupon of 5.95%. The debt that matures in November has a coupon of 6.8%. We think about that as an investment decision. And if it’s net present value positive on a cash-on-cash basis to redeem debt early, then we will do that. And that’s exactly how we thought about it in late 2016 when we executed the make-whole call and redeemed $300 million of debt. It was a $22 million charge to our earnings, but it was a net present value positive decision on our part.
Bill Rogers: You are correct. And we take a look at those opportunities regularly and should they be NPV positive for the customer, in the case of CE and our CERC-related gas utilities, then we will redeem that debt and refinance it. And in that case, there will be no charge to earnings.
Bill Rogers: Ali, It’s Bill. That is largely procedural. If we intend to have discussions with third-parties, then under our partnership agreements, our partner has a Right of First Offer. And so while we are having those discussions and don’t complete a transaction within a time limit, we will need to give them another Right of First Offer.
Bill Rogers: Kevin, it’s Bill. So, on a cash sale of Enable, assuming we had a lower statutory rate and that statutory rate was also the capital gains rate for corporations, then that would lower our tax bill.
Bill Rogers: Nick, it’s Bill. Should there be a transaction we could go one of two directions, we could continue to own a preferred and make sure that we are protected in a right way by its current non-cumulative feature. And so we have built that into the original structure that we negotiated with Enable or we could include that preferred in, let’s say, other transaction with another party.
Bill Rogers: Hi. It’s Bill. I mean just to jump in here and follow-on Joe McGoldrick’s comments. Rate base is the CapEx less depreciation, less deferred taxes.
Joe McGoldrick: Yes. Shar, this is Joe. We remain committed to managing O&M on a very disciplined way. And so that will be approximately 2%, perhaps slightly above that in some years given the activity around pipeline integrity expenses. But we will do everything we can to continue with strong O&M discipline that we have been executing on in the past.
Joe McGoldrick: Yes. Charles, your memory is good. This is in fact. We have had it in place for almost a year now and it benefited us last year as well. And obviously with these mild temperatures this year, it will also continue to be a benefit. So as I said in my remarks, we had a great 2016 despite these mild temps and that was in large part due to the Minnesota decoupling. And we recently got, it was a $25 million true-up that was approved last fall that we had begun to build under that mechanism. And it’s a 3-year pilot, so we are hopeful that we can translate that into a permanent tariff after that 3-year period expires.
Joe McGoldrick: The Belt Line project continues to go well. We are actually a little bit ahead of schedule. I can’t remember the exact date as to when that will conclude. But we are spending significant capital on that, replacing that 60 or plus so miles loop around the City in Minneapolis. And everything is on track, if not ahead of schedule.
Joe McGoldrick: Nick this is Joe. I think you are just trying to back into the rate base number, it would be for the most part, it’s CapEx minus D&A and deferred taxes and all of them.
