Dave Lesar: Thank you, Jason. As you have heard from us today, we have nine straight quarters of meeting or exceeding expectations. We are a pure-play regulated utility and firmly on the pathway to premium with incremental growth opportunities driven by our customers’ demands.
Dave Lesar: No. I think, yeah, first of all, we wouldn’t express the confidence that we have in continuing to grow our earnings if we didn’t believe in it. So I think that needs to be your first take away. Second is, we do have a lot of tailwinds in the business right now. I think the great thing for us is that almost all of them are customer driven tailwinds. We clearly have the organic growth that we highlighted, the jobs growth 2%, residential growth quarter-over-quarter, certainly weather is helping us at this point in time and helping us really because the margin we are getting from that will allow them to pull O&M forward from 2023 to benefit our customers in 2022. And then clearly, we continue to have the 1% to 2% long-term O&M reduction. The increased capital is clearly showing up in earnings and we will continue to show up in earnings. So, as I said, if we weren’t really confident and where we were going, we would say that. I mean maybe the benefit I get as CEO is focusing on the tailwinds. There are some headwinds out there and maybe Jason can hit on those.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. I think that -- the key point that Jason just said, we are not going to front run our Q3 conversation on incremental capital. So the increased guidance were given is -- we gave you today is essentially from the capital that we have already communicated to you in the past.
Dave Lesar: Well, I think, as Jason alluded to, we have got plenty of cash flow at this point in time. If you recall what we have said almost from day one or I have said from day one, I mean, our North Star is no further issuance of equity to dilute our shareholder base out. So that’s sort of the stake in the ground. As Jason said in his prepared remarks, we have got certainly a lot of cash flow from the prior LDC sales, the Enable sale. We have got some upcoming securitizations as we refine sort of the tax exposure on some of the transactions. We are finding additional capital there. So at the end of the day, we are going to wait until Q3 and we will give a comprehensive update to not only the incremental capital that may come out of our Resilient Now and Master Energy Plan, but how we intend to finance all that without additional equity issuances. So just sort of hold that thought.
Dave Lesar: I think for us the core benefit of the extension of the tax credits in and of themselves. Some of our peers are talking about transferability. We are not necessarily in a position to really take advantage of that just given the fact that we have a fairly modest coal transition program. We are talking about effectively 1 gigawatt of generation up in Indiana. So we will utilize those credits to kind of optimize our current tax position and so I think the key benefit is just the extension of the tax credits. We will look at the opportunity maybe a lot of production tax credits for solar, but ultimately, what’s going to govern is sort of what’s the most efficient way for us to complete the coal transition for our customers up in Indiana.
Dave Lesar: Well, I think, we have -- as we have talked about, I think, we are well on our way to transitioning and retirement of two of the three coal units up in Indiana. I think what the extension of the tax credits is they put us in a better position with this third and final coal facility that will be addressing in our integrated resource plan that we will file in early 2023. But I just think with the certainty around the extension of the tax credits we are just going to be in a much better place to efficiently execute on the retirement of that third and final coal facility.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. It is fair to say that it is on the radar screen of the PUC, because the last time we visited with a number of the PUC commissioners, which was just a few weeks ago, it was really top of mind at that point in time. But as Jason has said there, everybody is trying to get a handle on how much of it really is behind the meter right now and how much of it is addressable if the state continues to get tight on power.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. Let me handle sort of the front-end and then I will let Jason handle the latter part of the question. I think to put it in context, if you remember back to our discussions last year where we did reduce our O&M 1% year-over-year, even though we brought forward $20 million plus of O&M from 2022 into 2021, basically to attack things like vegetation management and opportunities like that. And we really are sort of in a rinse and repeat year here in 2022 taking advantage of the margin that the hotter weather has provided us to pull some O&M forward from 2023 to 2022 to address the very exact issues that we have talked about, more vegetation management and really spending that money for the benefit of our customers, while still being able to reduce O&M 1% to 2% over the 10-year average that we have. So, again, it really is the benefit of the fantastic market that we have in Houston. I know you probably get tired of me harping on it, but the beauty of organic growth and the ability to invest ahead of that growth is just a luxury that other utilities don’t have that we have here in Houston. And so every decision we make is made through the lens of how can we benefit our customers sooner rather than later and that’s the decisions that we are making.
Dave Lesar: No. I think the industrial load growth continues to expand. I think if you just look at who our customer base is down and what basically if you takes the port facility in Houston through refinery, grow through the petrochem complex and the amount of final investment decisions that have been made over the last few years, expanding capacity in basically the whole petrochem complex. So we see that as a continued growth engine for us. And I think the short answer is, I don’t think we are seeing any indication of any slowdown in industrial demand on our system at this point in time.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. And I would say the other thing that we are looking at as another potential tailwind and Jason hit on it a little bit earlier. As we said in our last Analyst Day, Houston is one of the least penetrated EV markets of a major city in the U.S. and with the Inflation Reduction Act, basically being very supportive of the electrification of the vehicle fleet. We see a big potential for the City of Houston and the need for us to continue to enhance the grid just to handle the needs that are going to come out of there. Jason mentioned $80 per margin, per car, per year from an electric vehicle. I think another way to think about it is the stat that we gave at our last Analyst Day where it could be another 1% organic growth driver on top of the 2% organic growth we have at this point in time, which really would be sort of extraordinary baseline growth in your organization all point into why for the benefit of our customers. We would have to continue to upgrade the resiliency and hardening of the grid. So it’s a really good place to be right now.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. I think if you look at what came out of the change in Texas law at the end of the last session so that move from reliability based, economic based transmission lines, we are waiting and I know that PUC is focused on getting their regulations that hopefully here by the end of the year in and around how they are going to approach the deciding and putting in of new transmission lines. So, as Jason said, we are excited about it. We think that we can make the case for economic transmission lines. We have just got to wait for that process to get itself completed.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. Thanks Julien for the question. We are not immune to inflation. But I think we are relatively well positioned. We are seeing the impact of inflation more on the capital side, more on sort of materials that we are necessarily on labor. As it relates to sort of a broader kind of labor costs, our crews and our contract -- contractors that we use all sort of follow our union agreements. These are multiyear agreements that have stated annual increases in labor costs and so we have set those, those have been sort of in place. And I think what that does is that provides certainty to our workforce in years where maybe inflation is lower, our workforce is getting a benefit in terms of a stated increase and in years where maybe inflation runs a little higher. Our customers are getting the benefit of kind of a stable overall cost to labor. So for that reason we are not necessarily seeing the cost impact of inflation on O&M quite as much as one may think. And so at the end of the day, it really is kind of a little bit more pressure on supplies on the capital standpoint.
Dave Lesar: Yeah. I know it’s a good question and I want to provide context. As we look at kind of a $19.3 billion five-year plan, a $40 billion CapEx plan over 10 years, the incremental inflationary pressure is not that significant. It’s not going to be one of the growth drivers. We are focused on executing our projects, right? It’s important to modernize our gas system, improve the reliability of our electric system. So it’s about executing work sort of to directly answer to your question then. Yes, it will be a comprehensive capital update inclusive of new project work for Resiliency Now, inclusive of the potential for some inflation, but I wouldn’t necessarily…
Jason Wells: Sure. Thanks, Dave. Thanks for the question, Shar. I know the industry has been talking a lot about rising interest rates and pension expense. I think we are in an enviable position on both of those. From an interest expense standpoint, we are really one of the few utilities that significantly paying down parent company debt and floating rate debt. In over the last six months, we paid off $1.1 billion of parent company debt with a weighted average coupon of 3.4%. And as I indicated in the prepared remarks, we are prepared to pay down $1 billion of floating rate debt as soon as the Texas securitization proceeds are received here in the second half of the year. And from a pension expense, we are really fortunate to work in constructive regulatory jurisdictions. We get to defer about two-thirds of our pension expense. So we are in a good spot and maybe not necessarily headwind, what I do want to remind folks of is the fact that we increased capital already $500 million this year and so that provides further tailwinds to address anything that comes up and sort of central to your question, Shar. The guidance raise and resulting increase in subsequent years is before the addition of the Resiliency Now capital. We will provide a comprehensive update as it relates to that incremental capital on the Q3 call.
Jason Wells: Hey. Good morning, Steve. I appreciate the question. Maybe before turning directly to the minimum tax, I do think the real opportunity here is the opportunity for incremental margin associated with transportation electrification. As we highlighted on our Analyst Day, every electric vehicle that’s connected to our grid is about $80 of margin a year. So we are excited about the continued support of electrification. And then in addition, the extension of the tax credits will help us more efficiently execute our coal transition up in Indiana. So we think those are definitely tailwinds for the company. As it relates to the minimum tax, it’s going to likely be a very modest headwind for the company that we will be able to efficiently overcome. We have been historically cash taxpayer and as you cut through kind of all the one-time transactions as we have been executing on our strategic reset and the timing of the unrecovered natural gas costs, we generally paid federal cash taxes at an effective rate of about 10%. So we see the introduction of a minimum tax that will likely be reduced from the credits that will be generated from the coal transition in Indiana as a modest headwind. But, again, I would emphasize, this is something that we will be able to efficiently overcome and I think that candidly that we are in a much better position than many of our peers, who haven’t been paying federal cash taxes over the years.
Jason Wells: We do Steve. We continue to get a significant amount of inbound from the market and clearly rising interest rates are having, what I would say, sort of a modest impact. But what I think is more than offsetting that is I think comfort and a much higher terminal value for gas LDCs. I think a confluence of events, whether it would be Winter Storm Uri or the war in Ukraine has kind of led to sort of better comfort for a long-term diversity in energy supply. And so as we get kind of inbound interest we are seeing again much more comfort with a much higher terminal value for gas LDCs particularly Mid-Continent where we are fortunate to operate ours. But I just want to sort of emphasize what Dave already mentioned. We have had a number of incremental improvements to our cash flow forecast since our last update at Analyst Day, couple of things that I will quickly point out is we were really conservative as it related to the tax basis for the gas LDC sales. So we have lowered taxes there than we expected. And a theme of continued to optimize our tax position, we were able to minimize some of the taxes on the sale of the energy transfer common units. We have got about $100 million more of incremental proceeds from the securitization up in Indiana. And so, what I would say, all-in-all, we have a significant amount of positive cash flow developments that will help us efficiently fund our capital update that we plan to provide on the Q3 call.
Jason Wells: Good morning, Andrew. Thanks for the question. Our official load management program was roughly call it 125 megawatts and that was the official -- the one official sort of use of the commercial loan management program that was one of the day where we curtailed load on a very minor basis using a reduction in voltage. But just to get again to give that to size, it’s roughly about 125 megawatts versus our peak demand of call it 19.5 gigs, so kind of a fraction of the overall demand on our system. As it relates to crypto mining, what I would say is, I think, parties are still trying to kind of understand how effective of a lever that is. We are not seeing directly as much mining in the greater Houston area. As we have talked about historically we represent about 2.5% of the geography of Texas, but a quarter of the energy demand and so we are sort of short power requiring a significant import from out of state. As a result, that and land is more expensive here. As a result of that, we are seeing crypto mining more located kind of in the Texas Panhandle closer to the generation sources. Some of that is really flexible and I think has been a lever that ERCOT is used. Some of that is behind the meter and is maybe a little less visible to ERCOT. So I think this opportunity around embracing sort of economic development of crypto mining for the state is one that will require continued focus to make sure that we can balance demand and supply as we see some of these peak events.
Jason Wells: Yeah. I think is the grid itself, so the transmission and distribution system held up remarkably well. We build our system here in the greater Houston area to withstand these peak sort of heat events that we experienced, and as we said, our system stood up well. Our focus is on making sure that there’s adequacy of this energy supply, but very proud about how our system held up, how our crews responded when we had some outages from storm-related events, like, Dave mentioned in his prepared remarks. Of the $40 billion CapEx program that we outlined in 10-year CapEx plan for the entire company, about $22 billion of that relates to Houston Electric. And what I would say currently about $8 billion, about $22 billion is really sort of resiliency spend. Think about $11 billion of that is really sort of growth enablement connecting new customers, increasing capacity of their system. The rest is sort of capital that’s used to kind of support the overall business. And so, as we think about our broader capital update and ensuring that our system remains resilient in the face of more extreme temperatures, more extreme weather events, we likely will see increase in that resiliency component. But again we will provide a comprehensive update on the Q3 call.
Jason Wells: I’d add from a residential standpoint, we are continuing to see just north of 2% increase in new customers. On a weather adjusted basis, what I think is really interesting is, at least through the first five months of the year so through May, we saw usage on a weather adjusted basis outpacing customer growth. We didn’t see that as much in June, but June was as we have talked about sort of a record month with weather. But I come back to the sort of usage trend that we are monitoring to see how this unfolds. There could be, what I will call, maybe a new normal in terms of residential usage with more of a work from home model, as we see customers spending a couple of days working from home, while also at the same time businesses are welcoming the employees back, we may see on a longer term basis a trend with a slightly higher usage on a weather adjusted basis than we are seeing in terms of just new customer connections. So base business remained strong as David continued to highlight in terms of new customer connects, whether it’s been great, but we are also seeing a modest uptick in usage.
Jason Wells: Yeah. I think we are continuing to work on a number of transmission opportunities. As I highlighted it kind of we are short anywhere between sort of 40% and 60% of kind of power in each year in the greater Houston area just kind of given our profile. So there is a strong focus on increasing the number of import transmission lines sort of available to bring power in kind of reducing congestion. I think it was really in customers’ interest, the state passed and put into law last year the opportunity to build new transmission from an economic dimension standpoint. So on an economic basis, reducing kind of the congestion charges. We are working with ERCOT and the PUCT to develop those projects. And there may be some incremental transmission updates that we provide as part of the Q3 update, which will be a comprehensive capital update at that time. So continues to be an area where we think that there is incremental investment opportunity and we will say sort of quantifying that update until we will provide a comprehensive CapEx increase on the Q3 call.
Jason Wells: Yeah. Thanks for the question, Julien. I think we are seeing a lot more comfort from the developers that we are working with in terms of panel supply. Our original 10-year plan assumed our first solar project coming online at the end of 2023. That may move into 2024. But I think as I said, overall, we are starting to see a lot more comfort with panel supply. So I think that we will largely be on sort of schedule for the build out and ownership of the solar component of the plan. As you pointed out, we -- on a net basis over the first five years of 10-year planning, increased our capital expenditures $400 million last quarter. That gives us the opportunity to overcome any potential delay if that for solar project shifts from 2023 to 2024. As we get back on schedule to your point that up $200 million and becomes incremental earnings power for the company. So we will give sort of broader update on that as well as the incremental capital from Resiliency Now and other opportunities on the Q3 call. But think about this as just a stronger sort of set of tailwinds for the company as we move forward.
