Scott Prochazka: So, Julie it’s -- as you pointed out, the project we’ve already talked about, but it’s a review of capital expenditure or capital plans with respect to what I would consider more normal business around maintenance and infrastructure replacement and growth. Those are the major themes that will impact the other elements of our capital plan in addition to the Freeport Master Plan.
Scott Prochazka: Look, I would characterize this. We are very pleased to see what Enable is doing. Their recent performance and how they are looking into a 2019 based on the performance of their core business as well as these growth opportunities. We -- as we mentioned earlier we have no need to sell any units over the coming 24-month period. That said, I think that if there were opportunities to opportunistically sell units down the road we may take those opportunities, but we are certainly very pleased to see that Enable is performing well and they are being presented with these growth opportunities.
Scott Prochazka: Well, we have to close before we really get access to the information and begin that process. So what we anticipate is there will be a reasonable period of time between close and when we have our fourth quarter call which will give us time to prepare what you described.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. We’re not in the position to share other than say we’re really in the middle of what I’ll call the design phase, and given the target that we've established for the team are level of confidence in that range is perhaps is good or stronger than it was when we share that target earlier. So, what we’re doing is we’re seeing their work in line with what our expectations are. We’ll be in a much better position to describe in some greater detail what we think that looks like when we – after we’ve merger and we have a chance to share that with you.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. We have not updated our view other than to believe that what we were using. As we’ve initially described our earnings potential in 2020 is still very appropriate. They just had their earnings call and share their results. And their performance was good and their backlog is good. So we continue to be very optimistic and believe that -- what we had in our -- the basis on which we built our estimates for 2020 so far are still very accurate.
Scott Prochazka: Yes. We’ve obviously answered one of the variables on there. But we know as we’re going through capital planning and we’re thinking about other variables in there, we felt it is best to wait and do a single consolidated new view of 2020 after many of these other variables have been resolved. So you are right. We’ve taken one of the variables out, but there are other things that we want to be able to finalize before we revise or tighten that range.
Scott Prochazka: Ali, I’ll start with the latter question because I can answer that one fairly quick. We have not provided any guidance with respect to growth rate beyond 2020, because we get to the end of the year and we merge and we can go through a more integrated planning process, we’ll be in a position to determine when we’re better suited to provide thinking beyond 2020. So that that's the answer I would get to the second question. Your first question I think was about Enable. And in there, you mentioned as our strategic interest in Enable changed. I would say no, it is not. We continue to believe that our objective here is to have less exposure to the Midstream segment. By virtue of this merger we accomplished some of that. We have less percentage exposure to the Midstream segment. But we will continue to look for constructive opportunities to reduce our position over a longer period of time. We’ve said in the past that the considerations around monetization of that investment will be as market conditions allow and as we have the needs and the opportunity to redeploy that capital into other investments, and those are going to be the drivers for us.
Scott Prochazka: So, at this point we haven't changed any of the assumptions relative to that. We just addressed or now know what the outcome of the financing is. We still have the Vectren forecast that we've been using all along. That's the information that we have. We do know that our forecast internally will change somewhat in part from the capital update that I described in my comments. So that would be a variable that would change.
Scott Prochazka: Michael, I’ll just add because I think Bill gave a lot of the building blocks that would suggest what's driving capital investment opportunity, but we continue to see strong growth in residential and commercial and even in the industrial space. So much of the capital that we have planned in the Houston area is around growth, as well as investments will make around resiliency and around maintenance, that type of thing. So we, as Bill gave you many of the indicators, we did see a little bit of a slowing in the residential meter account. We believe it was because of two things; one was a slight overbuild in high-rise residential and that wave came to a completion about a year ago in the industry or the environment of the community here is now absorbing those units, and the impact that we had from Harvey, a year ago, and we’re seeing that start to tick back up. So you set those two things aside, all the other indicators suggest the area continues to grow at record pace and that's what drives a lot of our considerations about additional capital needs.
Bill Rogers: Chris, good morning, it's Bill. We shared with you on the slide and Scott shared with you in his remarks as well as mine, some of the impacts. You are correct and we’ve completed the equity financing [Indiscernible] and as we look forward to greater rate base investment. But we have yet to complete our capital planning and we have yet to complete our views of the synergies and commercial opportunities associated with the pending merger of Vectren which would be on the top line of that slide. And that's what will need to update and tighten the potential 2020 EPS guidance which will provide for you at our year-end call.
Bill Rogers: Michael, good morning, it’s Bill. I’ll start with demand and then Scott I think will pick up with CapEx and talk about that. So I would begin the comment that we have now worked through most of Harvey with respect to residential housing consideration and residential housing consideration is translating into meters has accelerated in the 12-month period, and it’s September 30th relative to the 12-month period ended June 30th. You’ll see, if you compare those figures, it was 1.5% for end of September 30th and 1.2% end of June 30th. So we are seeing meter count pick up again. We’ve had a normal weather year. We’ve had a modest decline, meaning less than 1% in use per customer in a normal weather year. And if you’ll look at our sales volumes, depending on the period that you want to use, it will be somewhere total increase of 2% to 4%. So industrial and large commercials load continues to be there. That all looks good in the service territory if you've been reading about various economic data and facts on Texas, we continue to add employment at a much faster rate relative to the nation. People are moving here for jobs and our unemployment rate in Texas and in Houston is close to the country as a whole.
Bill Rogers: Abe, Enable announced yesterday, their net income estimate of $435 million to $505 million for 2019. That would translate to us $0.42 to $0.48 per share on a share count of $504 million. And that would be before the interest expense burden at CenterPoint Energy Midstream, but would also include $49 million of basis different secretion.
