David P. King: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp's Second Quarter 2012 Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; Adam Feinstein, Senior Vice President, Corporate Development and Strategy; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning we will discuss our second quarter 2012 financial results, update our 2012 guidance, highlight our progress on our Five Pillar Strategy and provide answers to several frequently asked questions. I'd now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson who has a few comments before we begin.
David P. King: Yes. Gary, I guess -- it's Dave. I guess I would characterize it a little differently, which is, there was -- I think, as everybody remembers in 2007 and 2008, a fairly sizable pricing reset and my view is that since that time, pricing has been quite stable. And that, on both a unit cost and a mix basis, pricing has generally been positive. So I look at other industries, probably aside from pharmaceuticals and health care services, and I see a trend where unit pricing -- I mean, you look at imaging, at hospital services, look at physician services, I see a trend where unit pricing has been fairly steadily going down. Whereas for us, unit pricing has been relatively flat and in a couple of years, unit pricing has been positive. So our pricing in this quarter was positive, and we're happy about that. And we continue to make every effort to be disciplined on pricing, given the surrounding environment.
David P. King: I just think it's -- I think it's too early to hypothesize about what's going to happen to price. There are too many variables that are in play. For example, it's been widely discussed that employers may decide not to continue to extend coverage and pay the penalty instead. If that happened, and employees go to the exchanges, I mean, that has one potential pricing impact. You have potentially more patients in Medicaid, which has unit pricing implications if they're uninsured now or if they're outside the system. So I just think it's too early to tell what implications the ACA would have for price, because there are too many moving pieces.
David P. King: I think that there is increasing focus in managed care on lab trend, not so much on lab spend, because as we have always said, the spend is 3% of total health care expenditure, although we provide a heck a lot more than 3% of the value. But I think there is increasing focus on trend, and the trend is utilization. And it's also what tests are being selected. So I think, in a appropriate way managed care, and it's not just only managed care by the way, it's integrated delivery networks, it's health systems, are focused on what tests are being ordered and why are the tests being ordered and are they being ordered from the right provider. So I think there is more willingness to approach these issues. Like everything, there's a implementation period, there's a learning curve. And we're still in the early stages of what I would describe as managed care and hospitals and delivery networks and health systems and even physician groups implementing a more focused approach to how tests are ordered.
David P. King: So obviously, we've talked about it, and it's been widely discussed that health systems, I would describe them as big health systems, are purchasing physician practices as well as other -- a significant number of other types of services as well, which has the potential to redirect the flow of lab specimens. On the other hand, it also has the potential to significantly increase the cost of the lab expense to the payors and even the internal costs of the laboratory services that the health systems are now providing to the physicians. So to me, the increasing focus on reducing the overall cost of care and on directing, not only lab work but all services to the highest quality and most efficient provider, benefits us because I think we're the highest quality and most efficient provider.
David P. King: I've always maintained that as the macro environment improves that we will see improved utilization levels. And I continue to hold that view. It certainly is the case that we're in a period of low-volume growth. That's the environment and so it requires us to manage the business very well to be able to continue to be successful. But we're also in a very, very tough macro environment with a lot overhang of high unemployment and the economy not picking up steam the way that economists and everybody else thought that it would. And I do think that has the effect of muting the use of health care services generally and lab services specifically.
David P. King: Darren, I mean, we've talked about this frequently in the last 18 months and have said that our goal is to make a decision on this issue of whether to initiate a dividend at the end of this year. I think one of the confounding factors in terms of the idea of introducing a dividend is if what I'm reading in the press is accurate and nothing changes in the tax structure next year, the potential marginal tax rate on dividends could be 45%. And so that, in my view, really takes away from the attractiveness of a dividend. So some of this is going to depend on what are -- what is Congress and the executive branch going to do and are they going to be able to come to any agreement about the tax structure? And the second is what do we see in the environment.
David P. King: Yes. And I think when we think about the system, the system is certainly becoming -- the health care system is becoming more health system centric. I would not -- I think hospitals are becoming more than hospitals. Hospitals own physician practices. They own urgent cares. They own acute care facilities. They own imaging facilities. So hospitals are transforming themselves into integrated delivery networks, broader health systems. And I continue to believe that we have all the tools in place. We have all the right strategies to demonstrate to hospitals and health systems that we can improve the quality of the laboratory services and ultimately of the patient care that's delivered, and we can help them reduce their costs. I think some of it is that the health systems also need to increase their awareness of the savings and quality improvement opportunities. Managed care payors need to increase their awareness of the savings and quality improvement opportunities. And we need to continue to refine the message and refine the financial analytics that demonstrate that. So I think there's some -- there's opportunities on all sides of the equation. But I continue to believe that we're extremely well positioned to benefit from what we're all going to see, which is in the next several years, which is, there is going to be pressure to reduce costs. The higher-cost, less-efficient providers are going to be disadvantaged. And the more-efficient providers, particularly the high-quality, more-efficient providers like LabCorp, are going to be in a strong position.
David P. King: Ricky, we -- since we haven't closed, we haven't incorporated any of the MEDTOX numbers into our evaluation. You can -- obviously, MEDTOX is a public company, so you can look at their revenues and their reported price and do that math. But it's not something that we're incorporating into our outlook for the rest of the year until we actually close.
David P. King: I actually don't know, because I have not looked at their -- I believe their PPA is comparable to ours. But, again, it's a publicly reported number, and so it -- the calculation should be relatively easy to do.
David P. King: So we've always said our foundation model was 4% to 6% top line growth. It's a combination of volume, price and some small fold-in acquisitions, and that continues to be our view of the long-term opportunity. When we think about complementary acquisitions, you can't say yes and you can't say no, hypothetically, to anything without having had the chance to evaluate it. I wouldn't be -- so I wouldn't rule out something that would be highly complementary to what we do. And over time, we've done some of those things. They've been very small. For example, we've acquired small IT companies that provided capabilities to do things that we felt it was easier to buy than build. So I wouldn't rule anything out. But I think each one we would have to evaluate on a case-by-case basis. We would have to determine, is it complementary to our core competencies, does it give us the opportunity to advance our strategy, do we have the management capabilities to run it? Those are the factors that we obviously -- what would the return be and how will we -- how would this add value to shareholders? And those would be the things that we would evaluate in any situation where we look into that -- where we looked at a complementary acquisition.
David P. King: I didn't listen to the last call but obviously, there's something I need to go back and listen to, I guess. No, our expectations for Genzyme have not changed in terms of what we set out at the beginning of the year.
David P. King: Isaac, it's Dave. There have been some proposals by a couple of the Medicare carriers to impose diagnosis-related requirements on Vitamin D. They certainly are not material to the overall utilization. I think what's happened is, we have reached a plateau in vitamin D, which is that there was tremendous growth as there was widespread physician adoption. Now the test is largely adopted. The utilization is what -- is where physicians think it's appropriate, and so we've just seen it flatten off.
David P. King: I think, as I've said in response to Ricky's question, we always look at things that might be interesting that could be complementary. Again, the question is, is it going to create value for shareholders? Are we going to get an acceptable rate of return on invested capital? Do we have the -- does it fit with our core competencies? Does it -- is it -- do we have the capability -- the management capabilities to run these things? And obviously, I mean, we've all read the reports of a number of recent acquisitions that one could argue or, if not outside the fairway, at least on the edges of the fairway for some sizable services businesses, we continue to look at opportunities. I don't have anything specific that I can't point to and say, this is a terrific opportunity for us. But we continue to look at what might be out there in the marketplace that we would have the capabilities to run and that would enhance value for our shareholders.
David P. King: I think it -- I'm not going to comment on what we talk about at the board. I think at every level of the company, we consistently review our strategic focus. And we review what the business opportunities are in health care services generally and the laboratory industries specifically. I'm hesitant to say that there's a deadline by which we're going to do something, simply because we're in a rapidly changing environment and, granted, we're in a low growth environment. But with 2014 ahead, if the ACA is implemented, there can be dramatic change in the overall health care environment. And as I've mentioned earlier on the call, we're in an environment in which the center of gravity in health care services is moving towards broader integrated delivery networks and broader health systems, larger and larger physician groups. These are all things that continue to evolve, and we're going to continue to evolve with them.
David P. King: I think it will be hard to -- it's hard to come up with a number, Kevin. I mean, if we look back at the first quarter of 2011, when I think people had the general sense that the economy was getting better, that we were kind of coming out of the 2009, 2010 funk, organic volume growth was about 3%. Pretty good. Very good. As we went through 2011, and it became clear to -- I think that we weren't coming out of the funk and that, in fact, Europe was going into the funk, and employment was not improving and the fundamentals of the U.S. economy were not really getting much better, we saw organic growth decline. And then the beginning of this year again we had a little bit of a pickup, and this quarter we saw a decline. So I continue to believe that the data suggest that when the economy gets better, we are going to return to better utilization trends. There's no question that there is more focus on cost management and on utilization management in every aspect of health care services than there was 3 years ago. But I still think this is more cyclical and less structural.
David P. King: Yes. I mean, let me just say, as I think I've said a number of times, this -- in our view, first of all, we support enhanced transparency in billing and coding. The amount of molecular testing that is billed to Medicare is quite small, and this is not a material component of our revenue. And it also is not going to have a material impact on our financials.
David P. King: Well, Humana is coming up at the end of this year, and we're deep in discussions with Humana. Cigna is the middle of next year, and we're in discussions with Cigna as well. And as we mentioned earlier on this call, we extended WellPoint on a multi-year basis with stable pricing and retaining exclusivity in all of our key markets.
David P. King: Gary, it's Dave. Just a little more color on that. I mean, first of all, there are small increases in the number of test per requisition year-over-year. So they're not a test per requisition. They're tenths of a test per requisition. And the second thing is, just to be clear, it's one of our fundamental principles that we offer physicians a wide variety of choices in how they select and order tests. So we offer them a very broad menu. They may choose to have groups of tests that they have preselected, but we offer them a very broad menu and the ability to order every test individually, other than the tests that are grouped into panels by CMS, for example. So it is -- it's physician choice that is changing the number of tests per requisition, not product choices, to use the word you used to describe it.
David P. King: Yes. The -- normally, in that type of an environment, Gary, we're -- we would be sub-capitated to the capitated provider. So -- and then we might have and we would have carve-outs for specific types of testing that wouldn't fall within the sub-capitation, whether they're molecular testing or things that are not included in a capitated rate. So even in our capitated managed care plans and in our sub-capitation with IPAs, I don't think there's huge negative impact on utilization. Obviously, there are pricing implications of sub-capitated models, but I don't think we see huge impact on utilization. And again, I think that just goes to the point of -- I don't think that doctors are out deliberately over-ordering lab testing or even deliberately over-ordering images or -- I mean, that's not what physicians do. I think there's liability concerns for many physicians. There's patient demand for many physicians, where a patient comes in and says, "My knee has been hurting for 3 weeks, and I want an MRI done." So I don't think any -- other than truly bad people, I don't think anybody sets out as a physician to overuse services. I think that there are a number of drivers in the system that lead to utilization. And again, this is -- the whole intention behind the LBS is -- it's not to tell people you can't order lab testing. It's to order -- it's to help physicians order the right test for the right patient at the time the patient needs it by the highest quality provider at the most effective cost.
David P. King: Yes. And by the way, I also -- I do agree with you that when -- one of the things that can change the equation is when physicians have a financial interest in the services that they're ordering. That is a negative for the system, and it's a negative for utilization, and it's a negative for the highest-quality patient care.
David P. King: Dane, it's Dave. I don't really think there's much to add. I think we've covered this topic in as much detail as we can really offer you. The macro environment is tough. Unemployment is not getting better. Managed care enrollment is not getting better. And I think we're doing a very good job in terms of executing on our company priorities and our Five Pillar Strategy. But we can't make the external environment improve for us.
David P. King: I think the acquisition market is always competitive. I wouldn't describe it as any more competitive or less competitive today. The industry remains highly fragmented. The barriers to entry remain extremely low, and it's a very intensely competitive market for starting businesses and for acquiring them and for running them. As we have about 5 minutes left, so we're going to try to -- if you're asking -- if you're going to ask again about the environment, maybe we can go -- not pass over that. And if you have substantive questions, we'd be happy to address them.
David P. King: Yes. We've seen really nice growth in our specialized endocrinology business, our specialized coagulation business. We have seen good performances in cardiovascular, or our chronic kidney disease program is having terrific success in terms of year-over-year growth. We're very pleased about the progress with new swab, with the age-based guidelines for sexually transmitted disease testing, which follows the -- specifically follows the ACOG recommendations so the so physician is able to select based on what ACOG tells them to do. The universal carrier screening tests, Genzyme Genetics, Integrated Genetics, the Ariosa non-invasive trisomy -- fetal trisomy test, a number of oncology markers and, of course, continued development of our next-generation sequencing platform for even broader analysis of tumors, cancers and oncology generally. So I think there are a lot of terrific things going on at LabCorp. And again, outside of this environment, I think we will see nice improvement in utilization and esoteric testing growth.
David P. King: I think if -- it would depend on what larger transaction, but I think if an attractive transaction became available, of course, we would look at it. We're in the process of doing a sizable integration with Integrated Genetics, Integrated Oncology, and we have another not-insignificant integration coming up, assuming that we're able to close MEDTOX in relatively short order. So the focus will clearly be on the fold-in, bolt-on type deals for the rest of the year.
David P. King: We haven't made a decision on that, but we're always looking at whether there's the opportunity to improve our overall capital structure.
David P. King: Sandy, it's Dave. I mean, obviously, if you get 3% unit pricing growth, it's easy to get margin expansion. So -- but there is a lot of leverage in the volume, and so we tend to think of it as it's a -- like everything in this business, it's a combination of the impact to volume and price.
David P. King: Thank you very much, Reggie. We appreciate everyone listening this morning and wish you all a good day.
William B. Hayes: Thank you, Steve. On today's call, I will review 4 key measures of our financial performance: cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. Also review our updated 2012 guidance. First, cash flow. Our cash flow remains strong. Free cash flow for the trailing 12 months ended June 30, 2012, were $749.5 million, excluding the Hunter Labs settlement. We remain pleased with our cash collections. DSO was 47 days at the end of June, a decrease of 1 day sequentially and an increase of 1 day year-over-year. During the quarter, we maintained our bad debt rate of 4.4%. Second, revenue growth. Revenue increased 1.4% year-over-year in the second quarter. During the quarter, revenue per requisition increased 1.5% year-over-year. Total company volume was essentially flat year-over-year during the second quarter. Esoteric volume increased approximately 1.3% in the quarter. Third, margin. For the second quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 19.7% compared to 19.9% in the second quarter of 2011. The decline in adjusted operating income margin is due to a 30-basis-point drag from recent acquisitions that we've not fully integrated. Fourth, liquidity. We remain well capitalized. At the end of June, we had cash of $124.4 million and $510 million available under our credit facility. During the second quarter, we repurchased $130.3 million of stock, representing 1.5 million shares. Year-to-date, we repurchased 2.9 million shares for $252.6 million. At the end of June, $332 million of repurchase authorization remained under our share repurchase program. This morning, we updated our 2012 financial guidance. We expect revenue growth of 2% to 3%; adjusted EPS, excluding amortization, in the range of $6.80 to $7, excluding the impact of any share repurchase activity after June 30, 2012; operating cash flow of approximately $950 million; and capital expenditures of approximately $155 million. I'll now turn the call over to Dave.
William B. Hayes: Darren, this is Brad. If we go back in and look at that -- the schedule we prepared to look at the organic growth, I'm going to speak to the volume metric, that volume in the second quarter was down 50 basis points on a year-over-year basis.
William B. Hayes: Sure, 2 things come to mind that are drivers. One is vitamin D. And the vitamin D test, as you know, grew quickly for several years, and it has since flattened out. So I think that is challenging to the growth rate of overall volume. The other is in our histology area. We see continued weakness from a volume perspective in the histology category of our business. And I think they are some of the trends that we've talked about in the past, are still with us and impacting our experience there.
William B. Hayes: Gary, it's Brad. We continue to see an increase in that trend. If we look back over a long time of history, it has continued to go up. So I would say that just new tests, I mean, vitamin D would be a good example that we've talked about many times on the call today. New tests or tests that have a new or -- application or new use in the practice of medicine, we believe, drives that trend. The other thing that's helping or -- that trend, I believe, is the aging population. Because we do know from looking at our different parts of our business that older patients receive more tests per encounter than do younger patients. So I think it's -- it has many factors. But the ones I just mentioned, I think, are the primary drivers.
William B. Hayes: Dane, this is Brad. Just want to comment, the integration is going well. When we started out this process on a multi-year -- with a multi-year integration plan, and I would say so far, we are on track. And we would expect to come out of 2013 with some improvements still in early 2014 at the levels that we started out believing that we would achieve. So nothing in our thinking has changed in terms of that time frame or that experience and -- as part of the integration.
William B. Hayes: Sandy, this is a Brad. I don't know that we've ever put that out there in terms of a hard-and-fast number, but I go back to the kind of the way we think about the business in that 4% to 6% top line growth range which, as Dave mentioned earlier, has some tuck-in acquisitions built into it. It creates nice leverage in our business regardless of any cost structure to grow our margins and our earnings. So I really haven't -- I don't think have a grid of, okay, at this level, it's this and at this level, it's that and we're always working on the efficiencies that Dave mentioned as part of our prepared remarks.
William B. Hayes: Darren, this is Brad. One thing I'd like to point out too on that $2.9 million, that was excluded. That gain was excluded from our adjusted EPS. I want to make sure people appreciate that. And on the second question, we're always looking at our business structure in Canada and thinking about partners and how we own and operate that business. So it would be speculation to think about what might happen between now and the end of the year.
