David King: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to LabCorp’s First Quarter 2014 Conference Call. Joining me today from LabCorp are Brad Hayes, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer; Ed Dodson, Senior Vice President and Chief Accounting Officer; and Steve Anderson, Vice President, Investor Relations. This morning, we will discuss our first quarter 2014 financial results, update 2014 guidance, highlight our progress on our five-pillar strategy and provide answers to several frequently asked questions. I’d now like to turn the call over to Steve Anderson who has a few comments before we begin.
David King: Sure. So, the answer to the question is today they’re not significant drivers of revenue and profit. Other than the clinical trial, central lab business will reside within Enlightened Health. And as we’ve said, I think a number of times, that’s approximately $150 million revenue business. And that business that as evidenced by our acquisition of the genomic slab in Seattle which were very, very pleased about that opportunity. We continue to grow. The other aspects of Enlightened Health, I would describe them as internal startups. So there are businesses that we are starting to capitalize on for example, our genetic counselors. And the asset we have with genetic counseling, in ways in which those genetic counseling capabilities can be independent revenue generators, for example with interpretations of genetic testing results with interpretations of sequencing. So, obviously, we’ll continue to give you more color around this Bill, as these turn into revenue generating businesses. But I think this is a terrific opportunity for us from a strategy perspective, putting all the data analytics capabilities, all of the assets that we already have into a business that’s focused on capitalizing them, facing the patient, facing the physician and health system and facing the pharmaceutical sponsors is a great long-term opportunity for us.
David King: Yes, I mean, I think Beacon LBS is again in the long-term is a terrific opportunity because as I think is fairly well recognized, lab is one of the last aspects of ancillary services in healthcare that basically has very, very limited management. And the management tool over there such as blanket preauthorization policies for all molecular testing that we’re seeing from some players are the proverbial blunt instrument using the sledge hammer to address a much more targeted concern. So, I think Beacon LBS would be a significant tool that will not only help a trend management but will also help with selecting the correct test for the patient at the correct time. I will say parenthetically with regard to Beacon LBS – there is no question that the margin in that business would be a lot different from the margin in our Corp testing business, because it’s not a testing business. It’s more of an administrative decision support and management business. So, we need to think about that as we roll it out over time. But I think in terms of generating revenue and enhanced opportunities for the company, it’s a terrific long-term opportunity.
David King: Let us get it up and running and then we’ll give you more detail around exactly how the revenue is generated. But we will be prepared to address that once we get to pile up and running.
David King: David, its Dave. The impact on the quarter was not terribly significant, it was probably a little bigger than the impact on the quarter last year, just because in the first quarter of last year we didn’t see a huge denial rate. When we say we’re making progress, we’re engaged with some of the key States where we have been experiencing difficulties. And of course we’ve been heavily engaged with Tri-Care, which is one of the real pain points for us. I think there is increased receptiveness from their perspective, there have been some commitments made about payments going forward and retrospective payments. But commitments made and dollars delivered are two different things and we haven’t seen the dollars delivered. So, this is a high priority issue for us. And again, unfortunately this is an issue where at some point, I think the industry and ACLA has been very much engaged in this. At some, the industry is going to have to make a decision about providing free services to these beneficiaries given that the payers are simply indicating that they’ve decided not to pay for tested or standard of care that have always been covered. And that are critical to delivering appropriate and proper healthcare to the patient population.
David King: I would say BRCA is performing in terms of buying very well and probably better than our original expectations. NIPT, at this point is – has been in the mix for quite some time. And we’re continuing to see – we’re continuing to see strong growth there in terms of volumes. So, we’re pleased with both of those businesses.
David King: Darren, good morning, it’s Dave. So, obviously there were a couple of positives during the quarter. The SGR fix was resolved in a way that did not have any near term impact. ICG-10 was postponed for a year so some expenses that we expected that we were going to have to absorb this year, we don’t have to absorb. And then, obviously we had a pretty significant weather impact. The positives, we have some expectation that BRCA is going to be positive from a volume enterprise perspective. We have not changed our assumptions on MoPath that is we assume it will be about the same. We continue to exclude the impact of any significant M&A transaction that might occur. We continue to exclude the impact of share repurchase. And we haven’t factored anything in for the cost reduction program. There was, in the quarter, a gain on an investment that we made in a publicly traded company that benefited us. And so, all of those things and we still own some shares in that company. So, there is the potential for us to realize additional gain if we sell those shares during the balance of the year. And obviously, the full year impact of the repurchase that we did in the quarter also is in whatever we’re going to do, even if we didn’t do any more share repurchase and I’m not saying we’re not going to do any more share repurchase. But the full year impact of that share repurchase is something that we take account of. Although, again, we don’t assume any further share repurchase in the numbers. So, if you just look at our reported EPS which is $1.51, net of the $0.22 of weather. And you look at what the expectation was, which is $1.60, we’re “$0.09 under”. What we’re saying is that we feel given the strength of the business in the quarter and given what we see unfolding for the rest of the year that we will be able to make up that $0.09 differential. And add an additional $0.05 of earnings. So, that’s how we come up with the revised guidance which basically raised the top and bottom end by $0.05 and I hope that’s a sufficiently thorough accounting of kind of how we get there. Again, the guidance is a range, it’s not a point. The guidance is a range. And we’re looking at the entire range of outcomes that might occur during the year and try and provide you with an accurate expectation of where we think we’re going to come in.
David King: Well, I don’t really think about it that way. I think the biggest factor in the – in where we come out in the guidance range is the underlying growth of the business and the price. So, we had a terrific, from a volume perspective, I think we had a very, very strong quarter. The pricing, a combination of – we had the impact of sequestration, which we didn’t have in the first quarter of last year, we had a little bit of MoPath, we have a small where we have a reduction in the physician fee schedule based on some code revaluation and the reduction in the clinical lab fee schedule which is part of the original ACA, we still have the 1.75% reduction. We had some test mix issues with big growth and toxicology, which depressed this price. And we had the impact of the Canadian business, which both the government price cut increasing utilization and the exchange rate, all dragged on price. So, certainly if we get paid for MoPath that will help us in terms of the guidance. But what will also help us is, continuing to grow the business and seeing some positive movement in the pricing.
David King: I think that’s fair. I think we’ve answered the question in great detail in terms of what the components are. And obviously we wouldn’t be raising guidance if we didn’t feel that there was a reason why we would do better than the initial guidance that we put out.
David King: Yes, its foundation medicine and we were an original investor in the company. And when it went public, our shares obviously became public shares. And when the lock-up expired, we had the ability to sell them.
David King: No, I don’t agree, it is less clear. I think it was explicitly stated in many discussions that we had with Congress and with congressional staff that market pricing has to include the entire market. So, market – what you want to do is make sure that Medicare laboratory testing is priced at market, then you can’t look it through for examples as the flood OIG study did. And say that that is market, market is market. And that includes large independent labs, it includes small independent labs, it includes hospital outreach labs. And so, I think the intent of Congress is very clear. I think obviously the devil would be in the details from the rule is propagated. But I think the rule should be very clear that the market has to include the determination of market pricing has to include all components of the laboratory services market, not selected or cherry picked components. And that certainly includes hospital outreach pricing.
David King: It’s Dave. I think our view on healthcare reform is that it’s still basically not material to 2014 that is basically a net neutral. So we’re not counting healthcare reform as a positive as we think about the guidance. We’ll – obviously if our views change, we’ll update that perspective but that’s where we are today.
David King: Amanda, its Dave. I don’t think you should expect us – you should expect to see us do anything dramatically different. Obviously with Enlightened Health, there are some aspects of those businesses as we start them up that there may be acquisitions that are – there are a little bit different from kind of core diagnostic testing. However, those would be small exploratory type transactions, they’re not going to be anything significant in there. In terms of assets coming to market, I think the mix is pretty much the same as what we’ve historically seen, it’s nothing – there is nothing in my mind that looks very different from what we’ve seen over the last several years. Again I think it’s one of the right assets from a strategic perspective for us and what’s the right valuation.
David King: No, I think it’s – I think your question has exactly the right premise, which there isn’t really an infrastructure for payment that – of the testing using that methodology. And there isn’t an established payment system, you can’t just send somebody a bill and say we perform next generation sequencing. So, currently, obviously we’ll continue to build using the procedure codes that apply to the testing that we’re doing. I think there are very robust discussions going on with some of the payer community right now about how they might think about paying for those tests in the future. And we’ll continue to keep you updated on the developments there.
David King: Yes, AJ, it’s Dave. We’ve highlighted Hep-C for the last – it is really since the CDC put out the screening guidelines as a growth opportunity. And we have seen nice growth there. I think the – and that’s been probably for 12 to 18 months. I think these targeted drugs do give us additional opportunities both in our clinical trials business because of the expertise that we have at monogram which is probably the leader in development of Hepatitis-C testing. As well as, as well as the cost of these drugs means that efficacy really needs to be demonstrated and we think that diagnostic test is an excellent way to show which patients are going to benefit from the drugs and which patients are probably not going to gain as much benefit. So, we like Hepatitis-C is the long-term opportunity and we think we have the right assets in place to build that.
David King: Well, I think the industry remains extremely competitive. It remains highly fragmented. There are still many thousand clinical labs that are – that we compete with on a daily basis. So, I don’t think that there is a lot that has changed. We have a lot of respect for our competitors, large and small. And we do some things better than some of them and they do some things better than we do. So, we’re always trying to improve our levels of service. We’re always fanatical about our commitment to quality. It’s a – but it’s a tough industry. And obviously there is a lot of competition. And our job is to go out there and grow the business and excel in what we do. And I think our front-line people and our operational people have done a terrific job in doing that.
David King: Lisa, its Dave. We don’t have any major contracts that are up for renewal this year. And year-over-year the managed care pricing was down very slightly, not materially at all.
David King: Its Dave again. So, I think that all those things are being equal, we would prefer to do a more comprehensive deal with a hospital than with a health system than just buy an outreach program. I mean, we would like to work with them on their internal lab, we’d like to work with them on rationalizing where the testing is performed and the utilization. We’d like to work with them on population health management on delivering the tools that we deliver in terms of analytics and decision support. So, that has been our preference in most of the hospital deals that we have done recently, we have focused on more comprehensive, a more comprehensive global approach. Part of the challenge in acquiring a hospital outreach program is because of the pricing that the hospital outreach labs typically command from the managed care payers. When that pricing moves to RP schedule, there is significant revenue compression which also leads to significant profitability compression which makes it hard to pay the multiple but those outreach programs are looking for – because of how those businesses look when they move over to our pricing structure. So, again that’s why our focus Lisa, is more on the comprehensive partnership with the health systems than it is on individual hospital outreach lab acquisitions.
David King: Isaac, I’m sorry, but the first probably 15 seconds of your question got cut off, so maybe you could just recapitulate.
David King: Well, I think it’s hard to comment in a lot of detail on those areas because obviously they are strategic and we assume there is competitors who listen to our calls. So, I think generally our go-to-market approach is that we try to come to market with a high quality reasonably priced comprehensive test offering with BRCA. We’re especially proud of the capabilities that we’ve been able to build around the database and around the preauthorization. So that we can help to make sure that patients are getting the services and that the services are going to be paid for. I don’t know that there is much more say then that is our consistent philosophy in terms of go-to-market, it fits exactly within the fourth pillar of our strategy. And we’re going to continue to follow that.
David King: Well, the decision about our allocated capital is management’s decision. Obviously, we speak to our board about it quite a bit. And but it’s management’s decision. And our view continues to be at this point that acquisitions and share repurchase are appropriate deployments of capital and we’re going to continue to deploy them that way.
David King: Yes, Ricky, I know it’s been you thesis that we’re rapidly moving into a bundled payment world. And I would simply say that eve within payment bundles there are clear fee-for-service components. And the movement towards payment bundles is going to be incremental and evolutionary, it’s not – we’re not going to be in two years, and 100% bundled payment environment. It’s just – it is not going to work that way. So, certainly we’re involved in many conversations with health systems with large physician practices about how they think the payment system is going to evolve and how the diagnostic testing is going to play into that. And we welcome those conversations because again, given the – given our cost – our cost position, I think we’re in a great position to be a huge contributor of value there and to show integrated delivery networks and large health systems that we can really help them move the needle. Not only on the cost of their lab services, but on the quality of the results they are delivering and on the analytics and the data and all of the things that we can do that will make them winners in the – in whatever the new models are. So, one, I think bundled payments will go slowly and incrementally because there are lot of questions about how those payment systems are going to work and whether they are going to work and how providers are going to be rewarded. And two, yes, we’re very much engaged in those conversations and look forward to the opportunity to demonstrate our value.
David King: Michael, its Dave. The plus consumer direct health plans is that with greater consumer responsibility and we’ll create our pricing transparency. Our price point would be much more attractive. The minus is, it puts pressure on patient collections because we have to collect more and more dollars from the patient. And that’s the reason that you saw the bad debt increase in the quarter.
David King: I think it’s too early to tell with certainty. It gives us more time to work on some of the things that we’d like to do in a more automated and less manual fashion. So we’ll know about that as we get closer to the compliance.
David King: I think we’ve answered the question three times that we’ll value – we’ll update it on the July call.
David King: Yes, it’s Dave. Yes, I think the Avalere study was a very comprehensive look at a large number of data points and multiple MSAs, as big as New York City, as small as I think Boise Idaho. And what Avalere did was look at paid claims data, look at pricing data, look at a variety of sites of service, independent labs, small labs, nursing home labs that are – that were paid under the fee schedule, and hospital labs, commercial pricing, Medicare pricing. And I think what the study demonstrated quite clearly is that Medicare is at or below market for almost all the test that we’ve reviewed whether routine testing or a high complexity or low complexity testing. So, I think the Avalere study was a very detailed and comprehensive approach to determining what is market, and I think it – we bought it this notion that’s been going on for a long time. And somehow Medicare is above market in the way that it pays for lab test. Obviously, how CMS implements this rule is going to be significant and we at LabCorp, and I trust ACLA are going to be very significantly engaged in the rule-making process. But I do think that the way that the – there was a very strong policy view in Congress that they wanted Medicare pricing to be compared to and based off of market pricing. There was a very strong policy view from the ACLA, from the LabCorp and the constituents that the market had to be a true market, not a manufactured market to make it look like Medicare was overpaying. And the Avalere study shows that in the true market, Medicare’s pricing is very, very competitive. So, I think that in the long-term this was a policy driven decision by Congress. And they can scrape that we have policy driven decisions as opposed to financially driven decisions. And we’re going to be very much involved in making sure that policies are implemented in accordance with the way that Congress wanted them to be carried out.
Brad Hayes: Thank you, Steve. On today’s call, I will review 4 key measures of our financial performance: Cash flow, revenue growth, margin and liquidity. I’ll also update our 2014 guidance. First, cash flow. Our cash flow continues to be solid. Operating cash flow for the quarter ended March 31, 2014, was $142.3 million. We estimate that weather had a negative impact on operating income and a corresponding impact on cash flow of $32 million. DSO at the end of March was 52 days, which was up 3 days sequentially and up 2 days year-over-year. We continue to experience claims being subject to higher deductibles and co-insurance. Accordingly, we raised bad debt by 25 basis points in the quarter and continued to focus on initiatives to improve patient collections. Second, revenue growth. Revenue decreased 0.7% year-over-year in the first quarter. Excluding the impact of weather, revenue would have grown approximately 2% compared to last year. During the quarter, total company volume increased 2.6% excluding the impact of weather, volume growth would have been approximately 5% and organic volume would have increased approximately 2.5% year-over-year. Revenue per acquisition decreased 3.3% year-over-year primarily accounted for by Medicare payment reductions, text mix and the Canadian business. It is important to note that managed care revenue per acquisition was flat sequentially. Third, margin. For the first quarter, our adjusted operating income margin was 14.7% compared to 18.7% in the first quarter of 2013. During the first quarter, weather reduced the company’s margins by approximately 180 basis points. Fourth, liquidity. We remain well-capitalized. At the end of March, we had cash of $338.9 million and no borrowings outstanding under our $1 billion credit facility. During the first quarter, we repurchased $106.2 million of stock, representing 1.1 million shares. At the end of March, approximately $946.3 million of repurchased authorization remained under our share repurchase program. Our share repurchase activity during the first quarter reflects our continued disciplined capital allocation program and commitment to return capital to our shareholders. Despite losing $42 million of revenue and $0.22 of earnings to weather in the first quarter, we raised our 2014 earnings guidance. Our updated guidance is for revenue growth of approximately 2%. Adjusted EPS excluding amortization of $6.40 to $6.70. Operating cash flow of approximately $780 million to $820 million, and capital expenditures of approximately $185 million to $205 million. The guidance excludes the impact of any share repurchase activity after March 31, 2014. I’ll now turn the call over to Dave.
Brad Hayes: Hi Bob, it’s Brad. Nothing significant in the quarter to talk about in terms of this contribution specially and we take all of that out when discussing our organic volume growth number. And then on the future and what’s in the pipeline I’ll defer to Dave.
Brad Hayes: Well, I think, some of our stance on some of the items that we said in the past is similar so MoPath for example, no assumption of any recovery there. Steve, went through a laundry list of things we went over but I can’t think of a significant change from the last time we updated on any of those items.
Brad Hayes: Well Gary, its Brad. And that’s probably back to Bob’s cash flow question. The small, small tuck-ins, we don’t go through the exercise of excluding those. So those, what’s excluded from that number are the – are larger type acquisitions where they have an impact on the – especially on the volume.
Brad Hayes: Ricky, its Brad. I don’t think we’re going to get into that much detail. But we did have an acquisition that contributed but that was stripped out of the organic. And our regular drugs of abuse testing business, I think Steve, went over earlier was 10% growth in that business.
Brad Hayes: Glen, its Brad. I’ll start with the 3.3% that we reported. We talked about the impact there as being mix, our Canadian business in the government. We’re not going to break that down any more specifically. But if you think back to the mix, the drugs of abuse testing businesses, having an impact there as well as an acquisition in that space. Then also we have the Canadian business that we speak of, where the exchange rate is about 8% lower this Q1 than last Q1, so we’ve had some erosion there. Plus, there is volume growth in that business which is essentially a capitative model so that drives down the price per. And then, the government reductions that we’ve already talked about, the physician fee schedule, the clinical fee schedule and sequestration are all year-over-year impact to that number that we see. Our goal is to have that number be more positive than 3.3% negative. And I think we look at that by focusing on the test mix in our business and trying to grow the higher value test that we’ve spoken about several of those on this call. We certainly know with a little more clarity what’s ahead in the government reimbursement world. But we realize that to be successful, we need to have solid and growing revenue per requisition as well as a volume of requisitions.
Brad Hayes: Yes, you’re right on the weather. It’s probably a little higher drop down that you imputed. We take out the cost of our supplies and our bad debt to get there. So, yes, and if you think about our original guidance for the year, it would imply some margin compression as well. So, I don’t think of any besides not having a negative weather impact, I don’t think of any ramping of the margin performance over the course of the year. We’ll get better as we lack some things and we have growth, continued growth in our business. And then, some of the cost items and opportunities potentially start to contribute, that will help as well. But nothing significant counted on and guidance work for that. So, I think you’ve got it about right, generally speaking on the margins. And again, given our guidance for the year, that we initially gave, we expect those margins to be under pressure.
Brad Hayes: Fourth quarter weather was actually on a year-over-year basis to the fourth quarter of the previous year a better comp, an easier comp. I don’t remember the specific weather number in Q4.
