Dave King: Thanks Glenn. Bob, on the acquisition pipeline, I would say the acquisition pipeline is robust across the broadest -- across the whole spectrum. Our focus as evidenced in the quarter is on the tuck-in strategic deals that on the diagnostic side would enhance our geographic footprint or expand our test menu and on the growth development side would provide specific areas either of therapeutic expertise or other assets that would complement our current set of offerings.
Dave King: Good morning Bill it is Dave, thanks for the comments. I think we have a sense of where we think long term revenue growth should be and that’s with the diagnostics business kind of low to mid single-digits and with the Covance business mid to higher single-digits consistently overtime. How that translates to EPS obviously is a function of capital deployment and some other things, so I think you can expect us this year to set some aspirational targets for EPS growth overtime. I think if you look back historically obviously before the major reimbursement cuts of '13 and '14, we had a very nice I believe it was a five year EPS CGAR of 13 plus percent and we had a couple of years of flat to declining EPS simply because of declining pricing and the cuts attended to that. But I think it's an excellent question and as I said I think you can expect us during this year to set out some long term EPS growth expectations that we expect to achieve overtime as these businesses are fully integrated.
Dave King: In terms of the acquisition strategy specifically for the drug development business what I would say is, there is -- I divide it into two parts. The first part is just continuing to look at for right now the tuck ins and the things that are additive to particular parts of the business that we would like to expand so therapeutic expertise, market access, the areas where we feel that there is an interesting opportunity to either expand capabilities or enhance capabilities with things that would be additive to the overall end to end capabilities of the business. Overtime as we've said, we feel that we need to be larger in the clinical business and some of that will come from organic growth and the initiatives that we have underway and therapeutic expertise and integration with LabCorp Diagnostics. But it's my expectation that some of that will also come from acquisition. I would say that now our focus is not on another sizeable deal, our focus is on complementary capabilities that are additive to what we have. Although obviously we evaluate a lot of things and we're going to look at anything that looks like the right opportunity for us given price multiples and longer term return on invested capital. So that's how I would summarize the acquisition strategy around the Covance business.  In terms of the performance it's hard to single out any particular area because they all did so well, the business is kicking along extremely well, Deb is doing a great job as CEO and on top of that the leadership moves that she has made have created terrific stability and a sense of purpose in the organization and so I complement everybody at Covance from early development and pre-clinical all the way through clinical for a very strong performance in the quarter just as I complement everybody on the diagnostic side from bottommost to senior executive for a very strong performance there, we just did really, we really executed well on the strategic initiatives and we performed well operationally in the quarter.
Dave King: Ross, this is Dave. I will start and then ask Deb if she has any further comments. I can tell you from my direct interactions with senior executives at the biopharma companies, I mean they instinctively understand the value of the data -- and of the LabCorp data and the patient data and the patient engagement and intimacy that we bring. As we said, the number one pain point in terms of getting trials started is finding sites, finding good investigators and particularly finding patients, and you look at the statistics most trials are under enrolled. A large majority of trial sites never enroll a patient. Oncology trials, in particular, suffer from a lack of patient enrollment, which makes it hard to get the drugs approved and brought to market. So, my experience has been this is readily understood. It is something that our customers are very enthusiastic about, and we have a lot of demand, not only for help us find patients for traditional trials, but also help us find patients for observational studies help us create a database of patients for registry studies. I think this is just a terrific and unique tool.
Dave King: Yes, Amanda, good morning. It is Dave. Obviously, part of the challenge there, particularly in Europe, is the privacy regulations are much, much more complicated. So, we are working with partners to expand capabilities beyond the U.S. database, as well as to expand engagement within the U.S. database to other patient sets, and we will continue to explore that as a way to make this an even more global tool.
Dave King: Yes, I think the first thing to remember about Beacon is this is something that was invented. I mean literally invented and built by the Beacon team. They have done a fantastic job bringing the vision to market, and I think we should be -- we should understand and appreciate how hard it is to start something like this up from scratch, build it, build the software tools, get client adoption. So, we're thrilled with where Beacon is today. And I think it's very important as we continue to build additional tools like genetic and molecular capabilities, further decision-support tools for physicians that we expand the scope of Beacon to include more capabilities. I remain very optimistic that there will be additional market opportunities for Beacon, and my hope is that we will have some positive developments on that in the year. And the other thing I would say in terms of the profitability is I do expect Beacon to be profitable in the nearer term as opposed to just pass through, however recognizing that it will not be as profitable ever as the core business because it is just a business of a different nature.
Dave King: Good morning Nick. It's Dave. So, obviously the rate at which the orders translate to revenue depends on the progress with the pharma companies in terms of when they reach finality on what they want the drug to be developed and what the study parameters look like. So, that's probably a 12 to 18 month timeframe to actually get those orders translating into revenue, and we don't intend to update the dollars that are translating into revenue. We will just keep you advised, not specific order by order, but generally against the 150 target. On the 100 million that we talked about for companion diagnostics, I mean I think we have been very clear that we have done extremely well, and I think we in all likelihood, if I had to handicap it now, I think we will exceed that 100 million over the three-year period, just because that business has been thriving with the combined tools, and I commented on that I think at some length in the prepared remarks. I think on what we had identified as the last 50 million, which is the real-world evidence that is probably a longer-term impact just because of the number of areas in which real-world evidence is likely to be applicable. But net-net I feel very confident that what we identified as the 300 million in revenue synergies by 2018 will be accomplished.
Dave King: And Nick it is Dave just to add a little color to that, obviously we are seeing more and more patients in high deductible plans whether through exchanges or through commercial and employer plans. So more patients in high deductibles plans means more dollars out of pocket before there is any insurance payment whatsoever. What that means is with higher deductibles higher patient responsibility at the onset of the year and then we're also seeing plans with higher co-pays and with a greater incidence of non-covered services, so between those three factors you're seeing more dollars of exposure flowing to patient and although our patient collection rate is generally very good, it's still has more dollars for the patients just puts more pressure on collecting overall, in that overall components. And as Glenn said some upward movement in the quarter but we still feel confident that for the year we will be in the same range as we were last year.
Dave King: I think Beacon is readily scalable, and I think there have been some very good lessons learned for us in Florida, as there always is when you do something new. So, I don't anticipate a lot of difficulty in scaling the program to new markets or two new payers. Remember, it is a soft -- it is basically a software tool, and so the whole idea of Beacon was build one and use many times not have to build a bunch of customizable solutions, and I think we have done a very nice job achieving that.
Dave King: Well I think I guess I would say as we think about FDA regulation of LDTs, our position has been pretty clear. There may be some opportunity for Covance there although again remember that in companion diagnostics development we have supported both LDT launches and kits depending on the preference of the pharmaceutical partner and the, what they want the outcome to be so I don’t think of it as, I think of it as there is a very large incremental market for companion diagnostics but I don’t know that that would translate into LDTs versus I wouldn’t break it down LDTs versus kits, I would just think about it as what is the global companion diagnostics opportunity look like as we know that's very, very robust.
Dave King: There is nothing pull forward, Ricky. The synergy plan is obviously clearly laid out internally, and we didn't pull anything forward.
Dave King: Isaac it is Dave we have a funded mix venture investments and those investments are typically in areas that we think are of either long term opportunity or things we would like to know more about or things that might be additive to our business or disruptive to our business. And any time, so for example, one of our earlier investments went public. We are not in the business of owning public -- shares in public company and so with at that point we made the decision to monetize it. We look at our return, the continued value of our investment over the long term whether we are being asked to invest more at a time that we choose to monetize and each one on a case-by-case business we make a determination of what makes sense. So there is no way to predict when these events will occur and periodically we have some losers as well as some winners and that is something we can really build into any model.
Dave King: And it is Dave. We're not going to provide revenue guidance by segment within segment, so I agree with Glenn. Think of it as just -- it is broad based across the entire business.
Dave King: And A.J., it is Dave. On PAMA, as you probably saw this week, the -- a notice was filed in the Federal Register indicating that the final rule has gone over to OMB for review. So there obviously has been a step forward by CMS. We don't have insight into what is in the final rule, but hopefully it has addressed a couple of the major issues with the definition of applicable labs and some of the other things that we highlighted. We continue to work with CMS and obviously with all of the constituencies in Congress on both the definitional and the timeline for implementation and, again, highlight the letter from Senator Hatch and Senator Wyden, as well as the letter from 26, I believe, members of the House and other members of the Senate, indicating that a January 2017 implementation date was -- is not practical. We fully agree with that, and we hope and expect that CMS will be taking a practical and reasonable approach.
Dave King: And it's Dave, I fully agree with Deb, I think also as we think about the mobile suite that we launched one of the critical components is to make sure that the devices that are being used are validated and accurate because there's nothing worse than patients using mobile devices and providing information obviously that's either not validated or that varies from device to device. So that's going to be an important component of use of mobile devices in clinical trials as we go forward and we're pleased that we have the launch the tools to be able to help our clients with that.
Dave King: Well, we have a rigorous process for looking at acquisitions, and it doesn't center on whether it is a diagnostics or a drug development acquisition. It centers on, first of all, does it fit one of our three strategic priorities, which is we have talked about is being the world's leading provider of diagnostic solutions, number one; number two, bringing novel medicines to patients faster; and number three, using technology and tools to transform the way that care is delivered? So, anything we do has to fit within those three basic parameters. The next thing we look at is, does it enhance our capabilities in a meaningful way, whether those are existing capabilities, whether they are add-on capabilities that we need to be better at the business. And then is it -- or geographic capabilities. So, it could be footprint. It could be test menu. It could be incremental capabilities that support one or the other of the businesses. Then we look at price, multiples, return on invested capital, IRR, discounted cash flows, all the basic acquisition metrics. And, so, the question what are we prioritizing, the nice thing about our position now is that there are many, many opportunities to deploy capital towards acquisitions, and yet our businesses are performing extremely well. And so there is no major gap that we need to fill. And, so, I don't think I can answer the question, what is the highest priority. The highest priority is high value high return deals that are going to fit our strategic framework.
Dave King: Thank you, all. As you're aware, Jay Boyle recently retired as Executive Vice President and CEO of LabCorp Diagnostics. I'd like to say a few words in appreciation of Jay's many contributions to LabCorp’s successes over the past decade. I've known and worked with Jay for more than 15 years, he has been an exceptional lawyer and colleague but also a trusted advisor. Jay served with great distinction in all of his roles at LabCorp including legal, managed care Chief Operating Officer, and most recently CEO of LabCorp Diagnostics, among Jay's many achievements was his instrumental role in negotiating our industry changing contract with United Healthcare which was a critical step for us in becoming the largest laboratory company in the world. Under Jay's steady leadership LabCorp executed brilliantly on our strategic priorities of growing the business, establishing deeper partnerships with managed care and improving customer service. As outstanding and executive as he has been Jay is at the same time an exceptional person, there are legions of LabCorp employees including, who have benefited from Jay's vice council, his extraordinary generosity and his big heart, on behalf of all of our 50,000 employees around the globe, I'd like to thank Jay for his contributions to LabCorp and wish him well on his retirement. And with that we thank you for joining our call this morning and wish you a great day.
Deborah Keller: Good morning, this is Deb. So I can give you a little more color on that. Early development as Dave said had another strong quarter and the market's been recovering over the past 18 to 24 months and our demand remains strong, utilization in the market is tightening which results in slight price increases, and it has in the last six quarters, so we continue to manage our capacity very efficiently and effectively. As far as Central Labs, we've had fantastic growth, we've had stronger volume and strong demand that's been fuelled by the breadth of assays that we have because of the combination of core end and Covance. We've also seen a nice conversion of the studies that we have in Central Labs, so that's been driving volume. In clinical trials as they get more and more complex the number of esoteric assays are increasing and that allows us to be a one stop shop for our customers, which they tend to value that. When you look at clinical this is the largest market that we serve and one of the largest opportunities that we have for growth, both for Covance as well as for the combined entity. We had strong results this quarter and you know we continue to invest in talent and tools. In January we added a new sales leader who was previously the head of sales for both Central Labs and early development and then as you know we recently announced that Jonathan Zung has joined, and he brings a wealth of experience in clinical development as well as his perspective from the voice of the client. So these hires, plus our investment in informatics as Dave had talked about earlier and the combined data is going to allow us to address our client's biggest pain points, which is decreasing the time for study start ups, identifying patients and sites. So we're very pleased with the results this quarter.
Deborah Keller: Yes, the only other thing that I would add Ross, as you know, I think this combination has allowed us to change the conversation with clients, I spend quite a bit of time on the road meeting with clients and they are very interested about, the different capabilities and solutions that are unique to Covance and LabCorp and I think the clients have -- I think if you look at some of the research that's been out there, they feel that we're making the right investments to meet not only their needs today, but their needs as clinical trials transform.
Deborah Keller: Amanda the only other thing I'd add is still a majority of the clinical trials are done in the United States, so it does give us an advantage for our clients.
Deborah Keller: Yes the only color I would add Ricky is that we had strong growth in both central labs and early development demand and both of those had nice drop through on an incremental and they were the biggest driver of our OM expansion in that coupled with our cost synergies and usually first quarter tends to be a softer quarter but we did well. So we continue to expect the full year margins to improve.
Deborah Keller: Well, that's a very broad question, so I'll give you a couple of specific answers. One, they're used in clinical trials mainly around patient centricity making it easier for a patient to participate and adhere to the protocol and to do some monitoring but right now what we're working with clients is to develop that because the data has to come in from these different devices and then be put into a system which then could potentially go into a filing, so that's what we're working on, on validating for our clients. So there are a lot of opportunities but I would say the first priority is probably around patient centricity.
Deborah Keller: It's a nice adjacency to our core competency of clinical trials, and we do so many validations so we have the regulatory expertise to solve the validation experience, so it's been a nice offering for us.
Glenn Eisenberg: Jack, this is Glenn. On the personnel costs, I think we spoke to just obviously the growth of the business and the people, obviously, that are needed to support the growth. But we also have the additive part of the higher merit that we provided last year, reflective of the performance of the company that will annualize in July, but more just normal growth in the business supporting the higher growth in our personnel costs.
Glenn Eisenberg: Again some of that is just seasonal, we always see our higher bad debt raise in the first quarter and then taper off throughout the rest of the year, but what was unique for this first quarter was that on a year-over-year basis instead of seeing the progress that we have been experiencing we actually saw the rate go up for the first times, and so similar to again an industry issue where we have higher patient responsibility, higher deductible plans earlier on in the year. As we look going forward while it is still expected to be a challenge. We do expect the rate to come down, we think it will be more comparable with what we experienced year-over-year. So we don't expect it to be a overall constrain on the margins, but driven by the success that we're experiencing on our LaunchPad initiatives that will only continue to accrue favorably going forward so initial in the quarter don't expect it to be one going forward but were not for the LaunchPad could be.
Glenn Eisenberg: Hi, Ricky this is Glenn. That's right. From an organic volume standpoint, the 3.4% included the net benefits of those three items that we would say would be roughly call it, 1.5% to 2% benefit out of that 3.4%.
Glenn Eisenberg: Ricky, this is Glenn. I will start and Deb may want to provide some color as well. But obviously first 200 we would say it was up 280, so we want to give them full credit for a very strong quarter in margin improvement, driven off of obviously a very strong top-line growth for the Company. There is seasonality in the rate, so we would always expect the first quarter rate for the segment to be low in the first quarter and then pick up for the year. So, from our perspective, it is continued growth in margin year over year. Given the strong demand, given the productivity, given the synergies that we are still capturing, we do expect another strong margin improvement year, and I would be remiss if Deb didn't come back and say her expectation is always to continue to drive those margins going forward. But, Deb, you may want to add some color.
Glenn Eisenberg: Hi, Isaac this is Glenn. First, obviously, the guidance we have maintained at the call it 900 million to 950 million. When you look at the improvement in the earnings-per-share guidance, which we have taken up to $0.10, we commented around $0.05 of that was from the gain on the sale of securities from our venture fund. While we did pick up plus or minus around 15 million in cash from the sale of those securities, that does not show up in free cash flow. It is below the operating line, so that cash would not be included. So, it's really just the operating improvement impacting EPS that would be cash related. Given where we are in the year and we have a 50 million spread between the 900 million and 950 million and the fact that the first quarter is seasonally low -- we did around 52 million of our free cash versus our 900 million plus for the year -- we felt it appropriate to maintain the current level of our guidance, and then obviously after the second quarter with six months remaining, we will go ahead and revisit it.
Glenn Eisenberg: We have consolidated the Singapore central labs, and we're in the process obviously of evaluating other appropriate facility consolidations. Some of the savings this quarter come from consolidation of data centers of Covance data centers into LabCorp capabilities. I think it is very broadly based across public company costs, procurement costs, personnel costs, duplicative capabilities that can be streamlined. So, there isn't any single area to point out, other than to say that we continue to evaluate not only the Covance business, but the integrated businesses and the corporate infrastructure to identify additional opportunities.
Glenn Eisenberg: Hi Ryan, this is Glenn. I will at least start with the comment that -- and I think it was alluded to in opening remarks as well -- that we have been very pleased with the broad-based view of how Covance is performing across all the major business lines. When you look at the implied guidance for the rest of the year that are, call it, around 6% growth, we believe it is broad based and consistent with what Dave categorized before as normal, call it, historical growth within the segment.
Glenn Eisenberg: Hi A.J., I will start with just the price mix comment. It is primarily mix related. Obviously, we benefited from acquisitions that have mixed us up. Plus, we talked about in the mix within our test group. Pricing has been relatively stable, which is a positive. We also do have some LaunchPad initiatives that are targeted to the pricing side, but overall we would say that the increase that you saw within the price mix is primarily mix related.
Glenn Eisenberg: Just to your point, it is obviously going to fluctuate quarter to quarter, but as you think about it for the full year, we do expect to see leverage from G&A. We benefited on a pro forma basis year over year, even in the first quarter, but fairly nominally. So we did see a tick-up in unallocated corporate expenses, which was one of the constraints, if you will. But as we target, call it, the roughly 1.5% of our revenues for that category, we were high for the quarter, but for the full year, we expect to be at that, call it, plus or minus 1.5% level.
