Adam Schechter: Yes. Kevin, and I'll take the second question first. I'll ask Glenn to provide some impact on the -- your first question. So the range that we gave is $16 to $18, a midpoint of $17. And we kind of focus and targeting on that midpoint. But there are things, particularly around COVID, that could still happen where we've given a pretty broad range of COVID coming down between 75% and 90% is still very difficult to predict that. The second thing is we gave a range for NHP of $80 million to $100 million. Good news is we've started to receive supply, and we started to receive shipments, but it's still early as we get those shipments in and it takes time to get the steady starts up. And then the third thing I would say is, while we're waiting for supply, we're still hiring people. As you recall, last quarter, we noted that in early development, we needed to hire more people. So I'm not slowing down the hiring process, while waiting for some of the supply shipments that we have. So we're going to hire people while we can't yet run some of those trials. So those are some of the pushes and pulls, but I would focus on the midpoint more so than the lower end of the range, I think, is highly unlikely.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So again, when we gave our range, we're -- 2 things. One, for diagnostic business, 10.5% to 12.5% growth, I think is pretty extraordinary. But if you look at PAMA, we've included when we talk about margins, that we expect margins to be slightly to improve even with the impact of Ascension. And if you just look at fourth quarter, for example, our margins were down 30 basis points. Ascension was a negative 80 basis point hit. So you can see the impact from Ascension -- for us to be able to offset that impact on margins, it's due to the lack of PAMA being implemented this year as well as some of the benefits from the draw fees.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So obviously, we work with the payers all the time. Whether it's a year we have a negotiation with them or not. We're constantly in contact and working very closely with them. And we've seen continued pressure over the last 5 years, and I think that pressure will continue, but it's not accelerating. It's kind of very steady. And where we can get price concessions, we do -- but in general, I would say that there's continued pressure, but no different than what we've seen in the past.
Adam Schechter: Sure. Thanks for the question. So I'll start with drug development and performance. What you saw for the fourth quarter was early development grew 5% on a constant currency basis. And I always give the CAGR as well from 2019 because that's before all the COVID-related work, it was about 6% CAGR from fourth quarter of 2019. If you look at the clinical business, we saw about 2.5% growth in the quarter on a constant currency basis. If you compare that to the fourth quarter CAGR of 2019, it was about 5%, but both of those were offset by a 9% decline in the central laboratory business versus prior year. That's, again, constant currency. But if you look at the business for the central laboratory on a CAGR basis in 2019, it actually grew about 5%. So it sums you that, that business remains healthy. It's just as you recall, in the fourth quarter of 2021, we were doing a huge amount of -- for boosters for vaccines because that was right when the Omicron variant hit. So that's why you see such a tough year-over-year comparison for the central laboratory business. As I look at RFPs across the segments, meaning I look at them in total, the RFPs remain very strong and very consistent. So we haven't seen a change. As I look through last year on cancellation rates, I haven't seen a change. The cancellation rates remain low. They're up a little bit from 1 quarter down a little bit in the next quarter, but relatively flat and remain very low. And then to me, the most important thing is the book-to-bill. And as you see, the book-to-bill was very strong. It was a 1.27. And if you were to look at each of the individual segments for the quarter, although we don't typically give individual segment book-to-bill, you would see that they are all above the 1.2. So we feel good about each of the segments about the book-to-bill as we move forward. In terms of -- I'm sorry, go ahead, I'll answer the second question after you follow-up.
Adam Schechter: Okay. And then in terms of -- if you look at the ED business, we think it's a good business. It's a global business. We're looking to bring our innovative diagnostic test globally, and we think that they'll be able to help us do that with their global laboratory footprint. So we remain committed to that business, and we think it's a good business.
Adam Schechter: Yes. So we're -- after the spin, which we are on track for the middle of this year, we will continue to provide a dividend. We expect to get dividends approved moving forward for Labcorp. And then we would continue to look to do these hospitals and local laboratory deals, of which our pipeline is very full. And there's a significant number of those that we're looking at evaluating it, we will win some of those this year. And then we believe our shares are still significantly undervalued. So we have now $1.5 billion of authorization for share repurchases, and we'll use those as appropriate.
Adam Schechter: So the short answer is yes, it would be growing for the year with the $80 million to $100 million in there, growing nicely. And what was your second question, the...
Adam Schechter: In terms of the pricing -- so first thing I'd say is that we expect the priming pricing to go up significantly because of the supply issues. And I think, therefore, there you would expect to have better pricing overall. Yes. And just to be clear, that pricing, especially primary that does get passed on to customers -- so it doesn't impact our margins and -- it affects the margins because we don't get a margin on that, but the pricing can be passed on to the customers.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. No, just to follow-up on that. When you look at the guidance ranges for both of our base businesses, we keep those rates within, call it, 2 percentage points. And it's really the COVID given the volatility in COVID, we provide a wider range, which causes that overall EPS number to be a little bit wider. Kevin, when you talk about the spin costs, you'll see that we treat that as kind of an unusual item. Obviously, we're going through a spin. These are onetime costs. You'll see that in the reconciliation between, call it, our GAAP and our adjusted earnings, you'll see in the footnotes that we incurred around $29 million of cost during the quarter related to the spin. So again, those would be backed out of our adjusted numbers when you look at our enterprise and segment performance.
Glenn Eisenberg: Jack, just to add on that, too, is that when we think about price/mix, we've always talked about unit pricing being a headwind, but the favorability of our mix of esoteric growing faster than routine or test per Ascension. And so when you look at the growth rate that we have in vision for '23 in our guidance, it assumes both -- and mostly by favorable volume appreciation but also favorable price/mix even with unit pricing headwinds.
Glenn Eisenberg: Yes. It's interesting. If you go back and look to even pre-pandemic levels, 2023, even though we have some pluses and minuses, the trend in the earnings would come in similar. So I think that will give you roughly a good approximation. Interestingly enough, plus or minus, it comes in fairly quarter each time, but you'll see it's a little bit different in the first quarter, a little bit lower, a little bit higher throughout the rest of the year, but I think it will give you a good proxy.
Glenn Eisenberg: Tim, this is Glenn. As you know, we break out the 2 segments and then with that, revenue, OI and margins. So for drug development, we provide that. We haven't broken out the pieces, if you will, because, again, of all the interrelationships and shared services and so forth. So part of the issue of doing the spin, obviously is now we're standing an independent company with where we have a lot of direct costs, but then we also have a lot of indirect costs. And we're working through, obviously, all those costs and including transition services that we would be providing for a period of time. So we're currently in the process of getting all the numbers done once we're complete with that, we'll obviously be sharing kind of the spinco view, both on the top line and the bottom line at the appropriate time, including in an anticipated investor Analyst Day, if you will, prior to the spin. And obviously, to the extent we have those financials done prior to that, we can also share them. But at this point, we've talked in the past about here's the segment average and that the businesses are for the plus or minus in line before you get to those independent standup costs.
